THE

Statutes at large,

Anno tricesimo nono et quadragesimo

GEORGII III. Regis:

Being the FOURTH Session of the

Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

VOL. XLII. PART II.

A

TABLE

OF ALL THE

STATUTES

Passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of his Majesty

KING GEORGE the THIRD.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

Cap. 1. FOR enabling his Majesty to accept the services of an additional number of volunteers from the militia, under certain restrictions.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 4. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred; and for permitting exchequer bills, issued under an act of the last session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, and for other purposes, if not paid by a certain day, to be received in payment of any of the branches of the publick revenue.

Cap. 5. For enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, and in the manner therein mentioned, for the relief of the merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster.

Cap. 6. To enable the lords of of his Majesty's treasury to issue exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as may arise by virtue of an act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for granting certain additional duties of customs on goods exported and imported, and on tonnage of ships entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the signing the preliminary articles of peace; and upon an act of last session of parliament for granting certain duties upon income.

Cap. 7. To prohibit, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred, the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or any bran, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 8. For reducing, until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred, the duties upon spirits distilled from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith; for prohibiting the distillation of spirits from wheat or wheat flour; and for reducing, until the twentieth day of September one thousand eight hundred, and better collecting the duties payable on the importation of starch.

Cap. 9. To continue, until the twentieth day of February one thousand eight hundred, several laws relating to the prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces; to the empowering his Majesty to accept the services of such parts of the militia of this kingdom as may offer to serve in Ireland; to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose; to the authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade to the Cape of Good Hope; to the establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland; to the enabling his Majesty to permit goods to be imported into this kingdom in neutral ships; and to continue, until the thirtieth day of September one thousand eight hundred, an act of the last session of parliament, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision, without payment of duty.

Cap. 10. To extend the period, limited by an act of the last session of parliament, for the benefit of preference to certain bodies, companies, and persons, in contracting for the redemption of land tax, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 11. To amend so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting certain duties upon income, as relates to the appropriation of the said duties, and of the duties upon goods imported and exported, granted by an act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Cap. 12. To enable the commissioners of the customs to allow, until the first day of April one thousand eight hundred, British plantation sugars to be warehoused; to revive so much of an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the average price of sugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof; and for allowing, until the fifth day of May one thousand eight hundred, certain drawbacks on sugar exported.

Cap. 13. For allowing further time for the payment of instalments on certain sums of money advanced by way of loan to several persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent,

Cap. 14. For empowering his Majesty to shorten the time for the meeting of parliament in cases or adjournment.

Cap. 15. For continuing, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for empowering his Majesty for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of his militia forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

Cap. 16. For continuing, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

Cap. 17. To continue, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland; and to continue, until the expiration of forty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament, several laws relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose; to the authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the enabling his Majesty to permit goods to be imported into this kingdom in neutral ships.

Cap. 18. To prohibit, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, any person or persons from selling any bread which shall not have been baked a certain time.

Cap. 19. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred, to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 20. For further continuing, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for further continuing, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

Cap. 21. To continue, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an act, made in this present session of parliament, to prohibit the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, or other sort of grain, or from meal, flour, or bran, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 22. For raising the sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.

Cap. 23. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on British and foreign spirits, and tea.

Cap. 24. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 25. To prohibit, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred, the use of wheat in making starch.

Cap. 26. For granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 27. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 28. For establishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the sum of three millions, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 29. For granting bounties on the importation of wheat, wheaten flour, and rice, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 30. For extending, from the twenty-fifth day of March One thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the period of preference, granted and continued by several acts to bodies corporate and persons for the redemption of land tax; and for enlarging several of the powers contained in the said acts.

Cap. 31. For appointing of to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, together with those named in two former acts for appointing of of the land tax.

Cap. 32. For indemnifying persons serving in volunteer corps, who have omitted to take out certificates for wearing hair powder; and to amend so much of an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty, a duty on certificates issued for using hair powder, as relates to the exempting persons serving in volunteer corps, and certain officers in his Majesty's navy serving on the establishment of the royal hospital at Greenwich, from the said duty; and for obliging persons claiming to be exempt from the duties on horses provided and furnished for volunteer corps to deliver certificates thereof to the proper officers.

Cap. 33. To enable the lords of of his Majesty's treasury to issue exchequer bills, to a limited amount, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred; and to enable the governor and company of the bank of England to advance cash or bullion, to be remitted abroad on account of foreign subsidies or services abroad.

Cap. 34. To permit the importation of goods and commodities from countries in America, belonging to any foreign European sovereign or state, in neutral ships, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 35. For granting a bounty on the importation of oats, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 36. To enable courts of equity to compel a transfer of stock in suits, without making the governor and company of the bank of England, or the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas or other parts of America, party thereto.

Cap. 37. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 38. For repealing so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for permitting certain goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused; and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof as relates to saltpetre.

Cap. 39. For increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

Cap. 40. To enlarge the powers of the directors and guardians of the poor within the several hundreds, towns, and districts, in that part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers acts of parliament, for the purpose of the better maintenance and employment of the poor, as to the assessments to be made upon the several parishes, hamlets, and places therein mentioned, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and two.

Cap. 41. For explaining and amending several acts, made in the thirty-second year of King Henry the Eighth, and the first, thirteenth, and fourteenth years of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as respects leases granted by archbishops, bishops, masters and fellows of colleges, deans and chapters of cathedral and collegiate churches, masters and guardians of hospitals, and others having any spiritual or ecclesiastical living or promotion.

Cap. 42. For the better observance of Good Friday, in certain cases therein mentioned.

Cap. 43. To confirm an agreement entered into between the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury and the most noble Charles duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the of of the treasury to contract with the most noble Charles duke of Richmond, for the absolute purchase of the property of the said duke, and of all others interested, in a certain duty of twelve-pence per chaldron on coals shipped in the river Tyne to be consumed in England, and to grant a compensation for the same, by way of annuity, payable out of the consolidated fund.

Cap. 44. For granting, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, certain allowances to adjutants, serjeant majors, and serjeants of militia, disembodied under an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to accept the services of an additional number of volunteers from the militia, under certain restrictions.

Cap. 45. For making perpetual so much of an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the duties on glass, as was to continue in force for a limited time; and to continue several laws relating to the granting a bounty upon certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and one; to the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain, to the encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth, and securing the duties on foreign-made sail cloth imported, to the securing the duties upon foreign-made sail cloth, and charging foreign-made fails with a duty, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; to the regulating the fees of the officers of the customs, and of the naval officers in the British colonies in America, and of the officers of the customs in the island of Newfoundland, until the ninth day of May one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; to the landing rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excise, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; to the encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and to the further support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 46. For the more easy and expeditious recovery of small debts, and determining small causes in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 47. For repealing the rates and fares taken by licensed hackney coachmen, and for establishing other rates and fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several laws relating to hackney coaches and chairs.

Cap. 48. To repeal the duties on sugar and coffee exported, granted by an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for allowing British plantation sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the average price of sugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof; and for allowing certain drawbacks on sugar exported, until the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 49. For the better ascertaining and collecting the duties granted by several acts passed in the last session of parliament, relating to the duties on income; and to explain and amend the said acts.

Cap. 50. To extend the provisions of an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction.

Cap. 51. To permit blubber from the Greenland fishery and Davis's Streights to be boiled into oil after the arrival of the ships from the fishery, and for charging the duty thereon; for altering the convoy duty now payable on the importation of opium; for repealing the duties on the importation of oil of turpentine and tar, and charging other duties in lieu thereof; for exempting burr stones and stones used for the purpose of paving or the making or mending of roads, from the duties charged thereon when carried coastwise; for obliging masters of ships laden with tobacco to remove the same from their moorings when their cargoes are discharged; and for extending bonds given on licensed ships, vessels, or boats, to all cases wherein ships, vessels, or boats may be liable to forfeiture.

Cap. 52. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 53. For granting a bounty on the importation of rye, until the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 54. For more effectually charging publick accountants with the payment of interest; for allowing interest to them in certain cases; and for compelling the payment of balances due from them.

Cap. 55. To amend so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, for the augmentation of the salaries of the judges of the courts in Westminster Hall, and also of the lords of session, lords of of justiciary, and barons of exchequer in Scotland, as relates to the salaries of the judges of the Courts of session, justiciary, and exchequer in Scotland.

Cap. 56. For relief of persons entitled to entailed estates to be purchased with trust monies.

Cap. 57. For enabling the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland to advance to the lord provost and magistrates of the city of Edinburgh, for the purpose of completing the improvements of the harbour of Leith, a certain sum, being part of the money which by an act of the last session of parliament was directed to be paid into the said court of exchequer by the proprietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation.

Cap. 58. For further continuing and amending an act, made in the last session of parliament, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation and permit the importation of corn; and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision without payment of duty.

Cap. 59. To remove doubts arising from the construction of an act, made in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for permitting certain goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 60. To lessen the duties on wine and spirits the produce of the British settlement of the Cape of Good Hope; and to empower the importers to land the same before payment of the duties of excise, and to lodge the same in warehouses; and to allow the same to be shipped free of duty as stores, to be consumed on board merchants ships on their voyages.

Cap. 61. To revive and continue, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, such part of an act, made in the present section of parliament, for reducing the duties upon spirits distilled from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, and for other purposes, as relates to the duties on wort or wash brewed or made from melasses or sugar.

Cap. 62. To allow, for nine months after the passing of the act, the use of sugar in the brewing of beer.

Cap. 63. For repealing part of the duties and drawbacks of customs on kid skins imported, and the exemption of imported kid skins from excise duty on being dressed in Great Britain.

Cap. 64. For permitting the free importation of linseed cakes and rape cakes in neutral ships.

Cap. 65. To continue, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, several acts relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and to the issuing of orders in council for that purpose.

Cap. 66. To repeal so much of an act passed in the second year of King James the First, as prohibits the use of horse hides in making boots and shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of raw hides and skins in the flaying thereof.

Cap. 67. For the union of Great Britain and Ireland.

Cap. 68. For extending the powers of the commissioners named in an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for appointing of to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, together with those named in two former acts, for appointing of of the land tax; for indemnifying such persons, named in the said act, as have acted as of of the land tax; and for rendering valid certain acts done by them.

Cap. 69. For repealing the duties on perfumery and on licences for vending the same.

Cap. 70. To exempt from duty waste paper imported into this kingdom, for the purpose of being re-manufactured, except the duty imposed by an act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported.

Cap. 71. To authorise bakers and other persons to sell bread to his Majesty's forces on the march, which shall not have been baked twenty-four hours, and to indemnify all persons by whom such bread may have been so sold.

Cap. 72. To amend several laws relating to the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

Cap. 73. For repealing the duties of excise on distilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for altering, amending, and continuing certain acts of parliament for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland.

Cap. 74. For amending several acts for regulating the price and assize of bread.

Cap. 75. For making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

Cap. 76. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

Cap. 77. For the security of collieries and mines, and for the better regulation of colliers and miners.

Cap. 78. To discharge from a disputed and dormant claim of the publick, several estates belonging to the right honourable William Carr earl of Erroll, lord high constable of Scotland.

Cap. 79. For establishing further regulations for the government of the British territories in India, and the better administration of justice within the same.

Cap. 80. For erecting a lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the county of Kent; and for reducing into one act the laws relating to quarantine, and for making further provision therein.

Cap. 81. To repeal an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prevent frauds in the buying and selling of hops, and for the better collection of the duty on hops; and to prevent frauds and abuses in the trade of hops.

Cap. 82. For suspending, until the twentieth day of August one thousand eight hundred, the duties on foreign hops imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 83. For permitting French wines to be imported into this kingdom from the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, in bottles or flasks.

Cap. 84. To render valid indentures of apprenticeship of poor children and others, made upon improper stamps, upon certain conditions, and to indemnify all persons who may have incurred penalties thereby; and for allowing attested copies of indentures, leases, or deeds, to be stamped after the ingrossing, writing, or printing thereof.

Cap. 85. To continue, until the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and one, and amend an act of the last session of parliament, for continuing several acts for the encouragement of the British fisheries.

Cap. 86. For the better preservation of timber in the New Forest, in the county of Southampton; and for ascertaining the boundaries of the said forest, and of the lands of the crown within the same.

Cap. 87. For the more effectual prevention of depredations on the river Thames, and in its vicinity; and to amend an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent the committing of thefts and frauds by persons navigating bum boats and other boats upon the river Thames,

Cap. 88. Concerning the disposition of certain real and personal property of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and also of the real and personal property of her Majesty, and of the Queen consort for the time being.

Cap. 89. For the better preventing the embezzlement of his Majesty's naval, ordnance, and victualling stores.

Cap. 90. For settling disputes that may arise between masters and workmen engaged in the cotton manufacture in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 91. To prohibit, until the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred, the exportation of rice.

Cap. 92. For establishing certain regulations in the offices of the house of commons.

Cap. 93. For regulating trials for high treason and misprision of high treason, in certain cases.

Cap. 94. For the safe custody of insane persons charged with offences.

Cap. 96. To indemnify all persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish or disperse, any papers printed under the authority of the of or head officers of any publick boards, from all penalties incurred by reason of the name and place of abode of the printer of such papers not being printed thereon.

Cap. 96. For explaining and amending so much of an act passed in the present session of parliament, relating to the duties on income, as respects the delivery of the statements to the commercial of of London, under the amount of twenty pounds.

Cap. 97. To incorporate certain persons by the name of The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Breads for a limited time.

Cap. 98. To restrain all trusts and directions in deeds or wills, whereby the profits or produce of real or personal estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the time therein limited.

Cap. 99. For better regulating the business of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 100. To authorise his Majesty to grant commissions to natives of the seven united provinces, or of the hereditary states of the prince of Orange, to serve on board certain Dutch ships of war, surrendered to his Majesty's fleet, and in regiments in the pay of his Majesty; and to enable any such natives to inlist as soldiers in such regiments, under certain restrictions.

Cap. 101. To give further time for the payment, on the conditions therein mentioned, of instalments, on certain loans advanced to the house of Alexander Houstoun and company, to Charles Ashwell esquire, and to William Johnstone esquire, being persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Cap. 102. For raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 103. For raising the sum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 104. For raising the further sum of three millions by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 105. For the better regulating the practice, and for preventing delays in the proceedings of the court of common pleas at Lancaster.

Cap. 106. To repeal an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen; and to substitute other provisions in lieu thereof.

Cap. 107. To permit, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, the importation of Swedish herrings, into Great Britain.

Cap. 108. For indemnifying the governor of Surinam, or the person acting as such, for having permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms; and for making void all seizures of ships, vessels, or goods, for any thing done in pursuance of such permission.

Cap. 109. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for applying certain sums of money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament, and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

1. AN act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act, made in the twenty-first year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands in the several parishes of Maney, Upwell, Welney, Downham, Witcham, and in a certain extra-parochial place in Byal fen, within the Isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge.

2. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts, passed in the twenty-sixth year of his late Majesty, and in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the borough of Leicester, in the county of Leicester, to the town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the said county.

3. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the roads from the borough of Leicester, in the county of Leicester, to the town of Narborough; and from the said borough of Leicester to the town of Earl Shilton; and from the said town of Earl Shilton to the town of Hinckley in the said county.

4. An act for continuing for a further term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term of two acts, one made in the twelfth, and the other in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several rivers emptying themselves into the said haven; and preserving ships wintering therein from accidents by fire; and also for building a new bridge over the haven of Great Yarmouth; and for altering and enlarging the powers thereof, so far as the same relate to the said haven and piers.

5. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste grounds within the parishes of Cantley and Hassingham, in the county of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the same, and also certain marsh lands within the said parishes.

6. An act for continuing for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and for altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, one made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from Brent Bridge, in the county of Devon, to Gasking Gate, in or near the borough of Plymouth, in the said county.

7. An act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several roads, leading from the town of Ivelchester, in the county of Somerset.

8. An act for increasing the tolls authorised to be taken on the road leading from Sevenoaks Common to the market house in Tunbridge Town, by an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Sevenoaks Common to Woodgate, Tunbridge, Wells, and Kipling's Cross, in the county of Kent, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid.

9. An act to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and alter the powers, of two acts, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending the roads leading from the village of Milford, in the county of Surrey, through Petworth, to the top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the county of Sussex.

10. An act for the appointment and regulation of pilots for the conducting of ships and vessels into and out of the port of Kingston-upon-Hull; and for ascertaining the salvage for anchors, cables, and other ships materials, found in the river Humber; and for the better ascertaining the tonnage of ballast lighters employed at the said port.

11. An act for opening and making two new streets in the city of Aberdeen.

12. An act for more effectually repairing the road from Summerrods Bar, near the town of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland, to the town of Alston, in the county of Cumberland.

13. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the roads from the town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the county of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the county of Lancaster.

14. An act for more effectually repairing the road from Glenwholt, through Haltwhistle, Hexham, and Corbridge, to the military road near Shildon Bar; and for making and repairing a branch road from Corbridge aforesaid, to Heddon-on-the-Wall, all in county of Northumberland.

15. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the road from the village of Magor to the bridge foot in the town of Chepstow in the county of Monmouth, and several other roads in the counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon, to continue in force for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

16. An act for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road in Witney, to the turnpike road on Swerford Heath, and also the road leading from the turnpike road from Woodstock to Birmingham, through Charlbury, to the turnpike road from Chipping Norton to Burford, all in the county of Oxford.

17. An act for making and repairing the road from the town of Stonehaven, through the Slug-mount, to the new bridge over the river Dee at Cobleheugh, in the county of Kincardine.

18. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the west riding of the county of York.

19. An act to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lancaster, so far as the same relates to the road from Haslingden to Todmorden, being the second district of the said roads; and for making and maintaining a branch therefrom, at or near a place called Fearns in Wolfenden Booth, to Edge Side in the same booth, and another branch therefrom, at or near a place called Robert's Mill in Bacup Booth, into the Rochdale turnpike road in the parish of Spotland, all in the said county palatine of Lancaster.

20. An act for more effectually repairing the road from Alemouth, through Alnwick and Rothbury, to Hexham, and a branch from the said road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the county of Northumberland.

21. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the open fields, commons, fens, and waste grounds, within the parish of Ludham, in the county of Norfolk.

22. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed for widening and repairing the high road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the town of Kirkby, in Kendal, and from the said town of Kirkby, in Kendal, through the town of Shap, to Emont Bridge, in the said county of Westmorland.

23. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the river Thames, near to the town of Gravesend, in the county of Kent, to the river Medway, at a place called Nicholson's Ship-Yard, in the parish of Frindsbury, in the said county; and also a certain collateral cut, from White Wall in the said parish, to the said river Medway.

24. An act for amending the several acts passed for making, extending, finishing, and completing the canal navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham, and the several cuts and other works authorised to be made and done by the company of proprietors of the said canal navigation; and for granting to the said company further and other powers.

25. An act for lighting the streets and lanes of the borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the quays and wharfs belonging to the said borough, and that part of the bridge over the river Tweed which lies within the liberties of the said borough, and also the street of Castlegate, within the said borough or the liberties thereof; and for paving the foot-paths of the streets of the said borough and of Castlegate aforesaid; and for preventing obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

---

26. An act to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands in the ffle of Ely and county of Norfolk, lying between The Hundred Foot River and the Ouz?^ and bounded on the fvth by the hard lands of Mepall, Wicham, Wentworth, Wichford, Ely, Downham, and Littleport; and for empowering the governor, bailiff's, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bed tord Level, to fell certain lands lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly collect Inverted Lands.

27. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from -thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from The Swan Inn at Leatherhead, to The May Pole at the upper end of Spital or Somerset Street, in the parish of State, near the town of Guldeford, in the county of Surrey.

28. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fertion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging* the powers of two acts, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second and the tenth year of the reign of his prefer.t Majesty, for repairing several roads in the counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the borough bf Lyme Regis, and from the turnpike road on Uplyme Hill to the turnpike road at The Three Ashes, in the parish of Ctewketne^ in the county of Somerset, and other roads therein mentioned.

29. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King

A TABLE of the STATUTES

George the Second and the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the road from the borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the town of Patdey Bridge, in the county of York.

30. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from the nee to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and aliering and enlarging ihe powers of an act passed in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for more effectually repairing the road leading from the town of Denbigh to the town of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Jcivn and port of Ruthland, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing an act, made in the thirty-feeond year of his late majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to thefaii road.

31. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next leflion of parliament, the term and altering the powers of two acts, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, so far as the said aSis relate to the road leading from the town of Wrexham in the county of Denbigh^ to Pentre Bridge in the county of Silt.

32. An act for repealing an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for making and repairing certain roads in the county of Aberdeen \ and for the more effectually amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in repair the said roads, and other roads in the said county, and for levying a cohvcrfton money in lieu of the statute Jabo.ir, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the high roads and bridges in the said county.

33. An act for draining, improving, and preserving the low Jan.*s and grounds within the townships of Croston, Maivdejley, Riffrdy Bifpbam, Tarltton, and Br ether ton, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

34. An act for enlarging the powers of so much of two acts, made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and repairing certain roads in the county of Perth, as relates to the road from Perth iq Cupar, or the neighbourhood thereof, towards Glammis, as far a» the routines of the said county.

35. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint John Hafirpshad, in the county of Ad id* did ex.

36. An act for bettor enabling the company of proprietors of the Rochdale canal to raise money for completing the said canal, and to vary the line of the said canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of ins present Majesty, for making the said canal.

37. An act to enable the Deame and Dove canal company to fiuilh and complete the said canal, and the several collateral cuts

{Public Local ) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said canal and collateral cuts; and for encreasing the tolls thereby granted.

38. An act for altering and amending an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Peak Poreji canal; and for granting to the company of proprietors of the salt] canal further and other powers.

35. An act for enabling the Huddersfield canal company to findh and complete the Huddersfield canal -> and for amending the act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield canal.

40. An act for amending and making more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for embanking, draining, and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, in the pari 111 of Ramsey, in the county of Huntingdon, and in the parishes of Doddington, March, Benwick, JVtmbli»gtony and Chatteris, within the Isle of £/y, in the county of Cambridge\ and for amending the road from a certain bridge, in the parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a drain called Vcrmuyden'sj or The Forty Feet Drain, to a bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said parish of Ramsey; so far as the said act relates to embanking the lands therein described, called by the name of The Upper Dislritt or Division.

41. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, fir building a bridge across the river Tawey at a place called The With Tree, in the parish of Llansamlett, to the opposite Shore in the parish of Llangefelach, in the county of Glamorgan \ for making proper avenues or roads to and from the said bridge, and also for repairing and widening the road from Pentre Brocky near a place called Aberdwyherthy, in the parish of Saint Johns, near Smnsea, to the said intended bridge.

42. An act for raising a further sum of money for carrying into execution two several acts, passed in the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for widening and improving the entrance into the city of London, near Temple Bary for making a more commodious street or passage at Snow Hill, and for raising on the credit of the orphans fund, a sum of money for those purposes; and for explaining ^nd amending the said acts.

43. An act for making and maintaining a road from, or from near, Lightpill Gate, on the road leading from Bath to Dudbridge, in the parish of Rodborough, to join the turnpike road from Pmjwicl to Cheltenham, at or near to Birdlipy in the parishes of Brimpsfield

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Bnmprfield and Cowley, or one of them, all in the county of Glnucjler.

44. An act for (hutting up and discontinuing certain roads and foot paths, leading through the grounds of fir Richard Brook baronet, in the townships of Arortot and Hailony iti the parish of Runcorn, and county palatine of Cfester, and for making and maintaining other roads instead thereof.

45. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fdTion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Chapel Bar, near the west end of the town of Nottingham, to New haven y and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oaierthorpe, to Ashborne, and from the cross post on IVirksworth Moory to join the rood. leading from Chesterfeld to Chapel- en-le- Frit by at or near Long/lon, in the county of Derby % and from Selston to Annejlty IFocdhouse, in the county of Nottingham.

46. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the road from a place called The Slone Piliar, or Cross Handy in the parish of Chippenham, in the county of WiltSi to or near to a bridge called Knox Bridge, in the parish of IVejhrleighy in the county of Gloucester, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the said counties of Wilts and Gloucester.

47. An act for making wet docks, basons, cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation and security of shipping, commerce, and revenue, within the port of London.

48. An act for providing a workhouse for the use of the parish of Aldbourne in the county of Wilts; and for appointing an additional overseer for the better government of the poor of the said parish.

49. An act for formings paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in repair, 1 he fticcts, louares, and other publick passages and places, which rue and fnaJI be made upon certain pieces or plots of ground, in

the parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, belonging to the most noble Francis duke of Bedford.

50. An act for enclosing and embellishing the centre or area of a certain ffpiarc, intended to be called RuJJdl Square, purposed to be made in the parish of Saint George Bloomsbury, in the county of Middlesex, and for forming and making the same into a pleasure ground, and for continuing and keeping the same in repair.

5r. An act for the repairing the parish church of Chelmsford, in the county of Essex.

52. An act for explaining, amending, and continuing an act, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the bigbivuys and bridges in the shire cf Argyll.

53. An act for repealing so much of an act passed in the

{Public Local ) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled? Ah£} for the removal and rebuilding of the council chamber, guild-holly and gaol of the city/New Sarum, and for ascertaining the tolls of the market, and regulating the chairmen within the said city, as requires the mayor and commonalty of the city of New Sarttm to build a new gaol within the said city, or the fuborbs or pre-cin£ls thereof; and for authorising the commitment of felons and other persons within the limits of the said city and the close thereof, to the gaol of the county of Wilts \ and for explaining and amending the said act.

54. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the powers of nn act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for improving the navigation of the river Ouse9 between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the county of Sussex, and for the better draining of the low lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said county.

55. An act for enabling the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Leicester navigation to Melton Mowbray, iiv the county of Leicester, to complete their navigation, and to discharge the debts contracted by them in the making thereof; and for amending the ad, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said navigation.

56. An act to enable the company of proprietors of the O k-ham canal to raise money for completing the said canal, and also for altering and amending an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

57. An act for better enabling the company of proprietors of the Lancajhrxc*T\3\ navigation to complete the same.

58. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common fields, marlh, meadow, and waste lands, in the manor of Forebridgs, and in the panlh of Castle Church, in the county of Stafford, apd for embanking and draining part of the said common fields, marlh, meadow, and waste lands, and certain other low lands and grounds, in the said parish of Castle Church, and in the adjoining parishes, townships, and places, of Sew Saint Thomas, otherwise Saint Thomas[ upon Sow9 Colony Berkjivuhy and Saint Mary in Stafford, in the said county of Stafford.

59. An act for building a new bridge over the river Ch timer9or blachvatery at Fulibridge, in the town of MalJon9 in the county of Essex.

60. An act for establishing and well-governing the charitable institution, commonly called The Asylunty or house of refuge for the reception of orphan girls, the settlements of whole parents cannot be found; and for incorporating the subsenbers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful designs.

61. An act for repealing two acts, one made in the rwenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the other in the fcvtfntccruh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the Halfway Houffy in the parish of

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Lower Compton, in the county of Dorfeiy through the town of YeohiiU Crewkernty and Chard, to the east end of the town of Axminster, in the county of Devon, and several other roads therein mentioned; and also, for repealing so much of aft, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads leading from the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerset, as relates to repairing the road from the direction port in Widcomhe Moor, through Street Ash Lane, to Chariy and for making more effectual provision for those purposes, and for altering and diverting certain parts of the said roads.

62. An act for reviving, continuing, and amending, an act passed in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Etfdon High Cross, near the town of Eljdoriy in the county of Northumberland, to the Red Swyre, upon the mid border betwixt England and Scotland.

63. An act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the port of Borrowjlounnef, by the west of the borough of Linlithgow, and by the towns of Torphichen Bathgate<and Whiteburn, and from thence fourh ward to the confines of the county of Lh* lithgow, at or near Hollhot/feburn,

64. An act to continue for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of tlSe then next session of parliament, the term and alter and enlarge the powers of two acts, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the bars at §oughton9 within the liberties of the city of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport in the county of Salop, and several other roads therein mentioned, so far as the said acts relate to the road leading from Newport aforesaid to the village or place called Welsh Harp, in the township of Stonnally in the county of Stof- ford, being the third district of the said roads.

65. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the roads therein mentioned, leading from the town of Lfominster, in the county of Hertford.

66. An act for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next fenion of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King G^r the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, so far as the said act9 relate ter the road leading from the town Of Rutbirjy in the county of Denbigh, to the town of Moldy in the county of Flint.

67. An act for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of several acts, parted for amending the highway between fyotkliffe and Woburn, in the

(Public Local & Personal) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

county of Bedford, and for repairing the road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks.

68. An act for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening the roads leading from the Ryeway, in the parish of Yarpole, in the county of Hereford, to Prejleignty in the county of Radnor, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the said county of Radnor, and in the counties of Hereford and Salop.

69. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for amending and keeping in repair the road from the town of (Var-minster, in the county of TPllts, to a place where the roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the town of Profile to the town of Bukingtotiy in the county of Somerset, and other roads therein mentioned.

70. An act for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the east llde of Lincoln Heath tq the city of Peterborough, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Northampton and Lincoln.

71. An act for continuing for twenty-one years and from

thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two aft*, ported in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late imjesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Bewdley9 in the county of Worcest: r\ to the several places therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester and Salop y respectively. 1

72.. An act to continue for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term and alter and enlarge the powers of two acts, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littlrjuorthy and by Frognall and ovcc James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the county of Lincoln, to Adaxcy Outgangy in the county of Northampton adjoining to the high road there.

73. An act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading out of the common highway rrc^n IVigan to Golborn and Warrington, near the northerly end of the foptherly Platt Bridge in Ince in Mofikerfeld, by Ramjcrhr; gy into

A TABLE of the STATUTES

the turnpike road from Wigan to Afnton, in Ashton in Mackerfielfr in the county palatine of Lancaster.

74. An act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the south end of the Moor Lane, in the' township of Great Bolton, into the turnpike road from Manchester to Wigan, near Westhcughtan Chapel, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

75. An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging (he powers of two acts, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to such of the roads from Tetbury, and other places, in the county of Gloucester, as are comprized in the said last mentioned act, and for amending and repairing certain other roads in and through the parish of Horsley, and near Tetbury aforesaid, in the said county of Gloucester.

76. An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for amending the road from the nine

mile stone on the Bristol road, at or near a place called The Gay Pits, to or near the chapel at Stone, and also the reads to or near Berkeley, DurjJcy, Watt on-under- Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and several other roads in the counties of Gloucester and Wilts, except lb far as the said act relates to the roads to or near Sodbury aforesaid.

77. An nefl to empower the guardians of the most noble Henry duke of NivL'CGjHe, an infant, to grant le^fcs of pertain parts of his estates in the county of Nottingham.

78. An act for vesting certain detached parts of the estates devised by the will of Michael Hicks esquire, in the counties of PJsex, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Gloucester, and in London, in trustees, for carrying into execution certain agreements for sale of parti thereof, and to fell the other parts thereof, and to apply the pndney aniing from such Tales in the purchase of other estates in the f2ic! county of Gloucester, to be settled to the same uses.

79. An act for vesting the estates of Penyflon Portiock Potency.esquire, deceased, situate in the county of Berks, in trustees, to be sold, for paying incumbrances and debts, and for laying out the turplus under the directions of the court of chancery in the purchase of other estates, to be conveyed to the trusteeS of thp will of the said Pcnyjhn Portiock Pczvney, in lieu thereof.

So. An ncl for cheating an exchange between the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of the Holy Trinity of Ciicrefer, and the ri^ht honourable fames lord Selfey, and the honourable John P c tic bey, ot certain mdluages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of S -fix.

8j. An Act for snore effcciually vesting and facilitating the raising of'a fl.m of ten thousand pounds, which, by the settlement of the family efla'cs of the right honourable George Augustus earl o'. Guildford, was provided for the portions of his younger children, in and (or the ber.cr.c of the honourable lady Maria North,

{Public Local Personal) 39 40 GEO. III.

(the only child of the said earl by the right honourable Maria countess 0i Guilford, his late wife), if (he shall live to attain the age of twenty-one years, or to be married.

82. An act for vesting part of the estates devised by the will of Triflram HuddUflone Jervoise esquire, in trustoes, to be sold, and for laying put the money to arise therefrom, under the direction of the court of chancery, in the purchase of other ertates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same use>.

83. An act for inverting part of the personal ertate of Robert Child esquire, deceased, in the purchase of an estate, rttuate near Ojlerley Park, in the county of Middlesex, to be settled upon the-trusts, and for the purposes therein mentioned.

84. An act for vesting the settled ertates of fir Clemont Cottrell former, which were devised by the will of William Philipps Lee esquire, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money anfing thereby in the purchase of other ertates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same uses, and for other purposes.

85. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste lands, within the parirti of Llanfwrog, in the county of Denbigh.

86. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Walton upon Thames, and the manor of IVal-ion Leigh, in the counry of Surrey.

87. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open.common fields, ipeadows and pastures, commons and waste lands, in the parishes of Byfleet and Weybridge, and manor of Byfleet, with its members, in the county of Surrey.

88. An act for extending the royalty of the city of Glasgow over certain adjacent lands; for paving, lighting, and cleansing {he streets, for regulating the police, and appointing officers and watchmen; for dividing the city into wards, and appointing pommifliuners; and for raffing funds, and giving certain powers to the magiflrares and council, and town and dean of guild courts, for the above and other purposes.

89. An act to empower the governor and company of the bank of England to purchase certain houses and ground contiguous to the bank of England, and to enable them to improve certain avenues adjacent thereto.

90. An act to explain, amend, and render more effctftual, two acts, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low*grounds in the ljle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall rivers, and bounded

on the south-cast by the hard lands of Iflebam, Fordham, Sohain* and IVicken; and for empowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain lands within the said JimiiSj coipnionly called invested Lands; and for hying cer-

A TABLE of the STATUTES

tain rates on vessels navigated upon the said rivers, towards supporting the banks thereof.

91. An act for better draining and preserving the lands and grounds in the fourth district of the north level, parr of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level; and for amending and rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the said fourth district.

92. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain waste lands, in the manor of Wortken, and the manors or townships of fston Bigot and /fston Rogers, in the parish of Worther?, in the county of Salop, and for draining, and otherwise improving, certain inclosed lands adjoining or near a certain rivulet or brook called The Rea, commencing at or near a certain piece of water Called Marton Pool, on the confines of the parish of C7; />-hury, and extending through the said parish of Worthen, to a bridge across the said river, called Horse Bridge, on the confines of the parish of Westbury, in the said county, and sundry streams or brooks emptying themselves thereinto.

93. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the market house, in the town of Kidderminster, in the county of Worcester, and several other roads therein mentioned.

94. An act for enlarging the term and powers of so much of 'an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glofgcty, as relates to the road from Park-house, to or near the three mile house, in the county of Lanark.

95. An act for more effectually amending, widening, improve ing, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the Hundred House, in the cout^y of Worcester, and also several other roads therein mentioned.

96. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and keeping in repair, the road from a certain bridge over a brook or stream called Sudhrook, near the city of Glmejicr\ to the wine mile stone on the Bristol road, at or near a place tailed The Clay Pitts, in the county of Gloucester.

97. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the city of Gloucester to the town of Str, oud % in the county of Gloucester.

98. An act for vesting part of the settled estates devised by the

will of sir Patrick Blake baronet, deceaseil, situate and being in the counties of Middlesex and Suffolk, in trustees, to be sold for payment of incumbrances affecting the Ijunc estates, under the f direction

{Public Local ) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

direction of the court of chancery, and for laying out the surplus of the purchase money in other estates, upon the trusts and for the purposes therein expressed.

99. An act for vesting part of the estates devised by the wiH of fir Richard Hotham knight, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, for payment of incumbrances, and for laying out the surplus monies in other estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the sameufes.

100. An act for sale of certain estates in the parishes of Clay-pole, Great Ponlofi, and Kirtorr, in the county of Lincoln, devised by the will of the reverend William Rajlall, doctor in divinity, and for laying out the money arising, by sale thereof in the purchase of other estate$, to be settled to the same uses, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned.

101. An act for enabling, the tenants for life, under the will of the late William Wright esquire, to convey in fee, or grant.leases for long terms of years, for the purpose of building, of part of the estates devised by the said will, in the counties palatine of Che/ler and Lancaster.

102. An act to enable fir George Pigot baronet, Margaret Fisher, and Francis Pigot, to dispose of a certain diamond therein mentioned by a lottery.

103. An act for enabling the most noble Charles duke of Richmond, and the duke of Richmond for the time being, to charge with jointures the annuity of nineteen thousand pounds, [payable out of the consolidated fund, in lieu of the coal duty.granted by King Charles the Second to Charles first duke of Richmond, and the heirs of his body), »and the flocks on transfer Of which the said annuity is made redeemable, and for enabling the sale of part of the said flocks, and inverting the * money arising from any such sale in the purchase of manors, lands, and hereditaments, and for other purposes.

104. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the third year of the reign of King James the First, v intituled An act for the recovering fm all debts, and for the relieving

of poor debtors, in London, and an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned act, and likewise for extending the powers of the court of requests in the city of London, in and by the said two several acts continued and established.

105. An act for taking down, and rebuilding upon a more enlarged scale, the chapel of Saint Mary, in the town of Caernarvon.

106. An act for establishing a new church or chapel lately erected on the south side of Hunter Street, within the town and parish of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

107. An act for the appointment and regulation of pilots and bcblers for the conducting of ships and vessels into and out of the port or harbour, and river, of Neath, in the county of Glamorgan, for placing buoys upon the bar of Neath, and the removal of obstructions in the said port or harbour, and river j for

A TABLE of the STATUTES

regulating the mooring of ships and vessels therein, and for the regulation of porters within the said port or harbour, and fiver and within the town of Neath,

108. An act for altering and amending an act, made \r\ the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the twqn and count % of the town of Southampton, to t]be city, ^New Sarum, in the county of Wilts, with a collateral branch to Northam, within the liberties of toe town <?/Southampton.

109. An act for enabling the HorriccfUe navigation compsmy to raise a further sum of money to complete the bid navigation, and for amending an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the bid navigation.

110. An act for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of then next session of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his late majest y King George the Second, and the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in repair, a road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in the county of Middlesex, into the road leading into the county of Essex, and also from the Vfeft end of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane, of the said county of Middlesex.

111. An act for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next; fefSon of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acis, passed for repairing, amending, and widening, the road from Keighley, in the west riding of the county of Xorky to Kirk by in Kendal, in the county of Westmariand, so far as the same relate to that part of the said road which lies within the counties of Westmorland and Lancaster.

112. An act for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term* and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty^ for repairing and widening the road from Sutton, in the county of Surrey, through the borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill* to Povey Crcfsy ?nd several other roads therein mentioned, in the same county.'

113. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of the rtioft honourable Arthur marquis of Downfoire, in the kingdom of Ireland, and earl of Hilljhoroughy in the kingdom of England\ in trustee?, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising thereby in the purchase of other estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same uses, and for other purposes.

114. An act for the partition of divers estates of the late fir.Humphrey Brigges baronet, in which the right honourable Richard

viscount Fitzwilliam, in the kingdom of Ireland, the reverend Richard Huntley, and George Brooke esquire, have undivided lharcs,

(Private) 39 40 GEO. III.

115. An net for confirming a partition made oif the estates of the lare Iiumprey Pitt esquire, and certain powers of sale, mentioned in the partition deeds.

116. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste lands in the parish of Yfcdfing^ in the county of Flint % and in the parish of Namierehy in the county of Flint and Den-high.

117. An act for enabling trustees to enfranchise copyhold messuages or tenements in the manor of Brighthelmston, in the county of Sussex, and to grant leases of certain other tenements within the said manor, devised by the will of the late Charts Scrafe esquire, deceased.

118. An act for draining, embanking, and preserving divers trails of land within the township of Muston, in the parish of Hunmnby, and also within sundry other parishes, townships, or places adjoining or near to the rivers Deny: nt and Harford, in the east and north ridings of the county of York.

119. An act for effectuating a partition or division of certain freehold and copyhold, or customary, messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Worcester^ heretofore the estates of Holland Cookfey esquire, deceased, and for substituting Thomas Bird gentleman, to be a trustee in the place of William Doivdef-well esquire, now in parts beyond the sea, for all the purposes for which the said William Dowdeswell, jointly with Thomas Bhney gentleman, is a trustee of one undivided fifth part of the said freehold and copyhold, or customary, messuages, lands, and hereditaments.

120. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons, waste lands, and marihes, in the parish of IVhiiford\ in the county of Flinty and for fencing the said marshes.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Tilhrooke, in the county of Bedford.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of IJHpy in the county of Northampton.

3. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons and waste grounds within the parish of Salhouse, in the county of Norfolk.

4. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste grounds, within the parish of Langley, in the county of Norfolk.

5. An act for divining, allotting, and inclosing the common fields, half year or shack lands, warren commons, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Cattfon^ in the county of Norfolk.

TABLE of the STATUTES

6. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the mottiv common?, and wade lands, lying Within the manor and parish; of Locking, in the county of Somerset.

7. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Bythorn, in the county of Huntingdon.

8. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons and waste grounds, within the parish of Thorpe, next Norwich, in the county of Norfolk, and in the county of the city of Norwich.

9. An act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, tw.o certain tracts of land, now held and used as (tinted common of pasture, within the parish of Sneitisham, in the county of Norfolk.

10. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open, and common arable meadow, ley pasture, and waste lands, within the parish of JVendkbwy> in the county of Oxford.

11. An act for separating the commons or waste grounds of the manor of East Horseley, in the county of Surrey, which lie in the several parishes of East Horseley and Ockham, within the said*manor, and for settling the rights of common thereon.

12. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, lying within the parish of Bloxham, in the county of Oxford.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields and commons or waste grounds, within the parish of Martin with Grafton, in the county of York.

14. An act for dividing, allotting, Inclosing, the commons and waste lands, within the parish of Burlifcombe, in the county of Devon.

15. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several parcels of common, moor, and waste grounds, withm the manor of 1Skelmanthcrpey in the west riding of the county of York.

16. An act for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing, the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Normanton upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham.

17. An act for vesting in Heneage Legge and William Sheldon esquires, divers freehold lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the county of Surrey, late the estate of Sarah West widow, and conveyed by her to Joseph Martin efejuire, and Beriah Hills gentleman, by indentures of lease and lelease, bearing date respectively the twentieth and twenty-first days of Mtrcb one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, upon Several trusts, and foe enabling the said Heneage Legge and William Sheldon to execute such of the same trusts as are now subsisting.

18. An act for uniting the north mediety of the redory of Leverton, in the county of Lincoln, with the south mediety of the same redory, from and after the next avoidance of either benefice.

19. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in

(Private) 39 £5? 40 GEO. III.

severalty, the common and open fields, Common meadows* commonable lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Milton, in the county of Cambridge.

20. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common or waste ground called Ashby Wouldr, in the manor and parish of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the county of Leicester.

21. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and waste lands, in the parishes of Stoke-upon-Tern^ and Hinflock, in the county of Salop.

22. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open common field, or mesne inclosure, commons, moors, and waste grounds, within the manor of Denby, otherwise Denby with Clayton West9 in the west riding of the county of York.

23. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common and open fields, meadows, commonable land and waste grounds, within the parish of Over and Nether Dean, in the county of Bedford.

24. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, and common meadows, within such part of the parish of Welford as is within the county of Gloucester.

25. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a common called Yanfield Moor, in the parish of Chester-U-Street, in the county of Durham.

26. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Farndifh9 in the counties of Bedford and Northampton, or one of them,

27. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Ryhall with Belme/lhorpe, otherwise Belminjlhorpe, in the county of Rutland.

28. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the whole year lands, open fields, commons, commonable wood grounds, and other commonable and waste lands, within the parish of Ovingtonfxn the county of Norfolk.

29. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste, grounds, within the parish of Barnack with Pilfgate^ in the county of Northampton.

30. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, ings, commons, and waste grounds, within the town-ships of Tholthorpe and Flawith, in the parish of Alney in the north riding of the county of York.

31. An act to dissolve the marriage of Edward Henry Columbine esquire, with Anna Maria Starr9 his now wife, and to enable him td marry again, and for other purposes therein ntemioned.

32. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty, the open and common lands and grounds, within t!.e parish of Shalbourn, in the counties of Wilts and Berks.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

33. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and wnfte crounds, in the plrishes of East Poringland, tVeJi Pon ngland, Framingham Earl, Framingham Pi got, Bixley, ArmeringhaH, St eke Holy Cross, and Caister Saint Edmund, in the county of Norfolk \ and for making a compenfarion for the tythes arising in the said parities of East Poringland, Framingham Earl\ and Bixley.

34. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, meadowy pastures, moors, carrs, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the parish of IVrawby-cum-Brigg, in the county of Lincoln.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, fen grounds, and waste lands, within the parish of Brooke, in the county of Norfolk,

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, commonable lands, and Wwste grounds, withirt the pari ill of Newton BromJtjchl, in the county of Norths ampton, and also such of the open fields, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Higham Ferrers, in the said county of Northampton, as are called or known by the names of The Bufcotts and No Mar's Leys.

37. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and waste grounds, in the lordship of Bar holm, in the county of Lincoln.

38. An act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the several open arable fields, ings, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, aArithin the township of IVomerjlcyfm the west riding of the county of York.

39. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain open and common fields and waste lands, within the parish of Saint John Hertford, and the liberty of Brickendon, in the parish of

All Saints Hertford, in the county of Hertford,

40. An act for vesting the manor of Moreton, and divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments in Moreton in the county of Stafford, devi/ed by the will of sir William IVolfeky baronet, deceased, in trustoes, to be sold, and for the application of the money to arise from such falc, and for other purposes.

41. An act for vesting part of the'settled estates of Pichard IVocd esquire, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the monies in the purchase of other estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same uses, and for other purposes.

42. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons and waste grounds within the parish of Little Plumjicad in the county of Not folk,

43. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields and waste ground within the township of Holmpton, in the parishes of Holmpton and Hollym cum fVithernJea, in Holderness, in the east riding of the county of York.

44. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, and waste lands in the parish of Newark upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham.

[Private) 39 40 GEO. III.

45. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the feverat open fields, meadows, commons, and wastes, in the villa or hamlets of High Egbrough, Low Egbrough, Sherwood, Hut green, and Tranmoor, in the parish of Kellington, in the west riding of the county of

46. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open common fields* ings, marshes, common, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the manor and township of Carlton in the parish of Snaith, and the manor and township of Camblefforth, in the parish of Draxy in the west riding of the county of York.

47. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons and waste grounds within the parish of Sproiuston in the county of Norfolk.

48. An act for dividing and inclosing Noman's Moor, otherwise Norman's Moor, within the north riding of the county of York.

49. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons and waste grounds within the manor and township of Thurston-land\ in the parish of Kirkburton> in the west riding of the county of York.

50. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, common downs, commons, and waste lands in the parish of JVtnterborne Stickland, in the county of Dorset, and for extinguishing the tithes in the same parish.

51. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, and pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, and also the waste lands and ground^ within the several parishes of Hanworth> Feltkam, and Sunbury, in the county of Middlesex.

52. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the open arable fields, stinted pastures, common pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the township of Kearby, otherwise Kirkby, otherwise Kirby-cum- Nether by, in the parish of Kir, f-by-Overblow, in the west riding of the county of York.

53. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several commons and waste lands in the manors and townships of Hale and Haliwood, in the parish of Childwall, in the county palatine of Lancaster,

54. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open i fields, pastures, wastes, and other uninclosed lands and grounds, in the parish of Braceborough, in the county of Lincoln, and for i making compensation (or the tithes within the same parish.

55. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open common, fields, lammas lands, commons, heaths, moors, and waste lands, withiil the parish of Iver, in the county of Buckingham,

56. An act to enable Justinian Kerry esquire, and his issue, to take the surname and arms of Ekins only, pursuant to the will of Justinian Ekins esquire, deceased.

57. An act to enable the trustees therein named, to repair the

A TABLE of the STATUTES

new bridge over the river Avon, from the city of Bath, to the manor of Bathwick, and to raise a sufficient sum for that purpose by a charge on the trust estates of the late general Pultenev, or to apply in that manner certain sums which may be payable to the said trust estates from the company of proprietors of the Kennet and Avon canal navigation,

58. An act for empowering the judges of the court of session in Scotland to fell such part or parts of the entailed estate of Biairhall and others, in the counties of Fife and Perth, belonging to mistress Ann Ranaidson Dickson, wife of Jamer Ranaidson Dickson, of Biairhall\ esquire, as shall be sufficient for payment of the debts and provisions to younger children affecting the same.

59. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields, and other commonable lands, in the parishes of Exton ^nd Cottefmore with Barrow, in the county of Rutland, and for extinguishing the tithes in those parishes.

60. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain heath lands, and open and common fields, common pastures, and commonable lands, within the parish of Cajp.ngton, in the county of Oxford, and in the hamlet of Worton, otherwise Work* ton, within the said parish.

61. An act for dividing and inclosing the open m?adow9y commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of South Hykeham, in the county of Lincoln, and for making compensation to the reftor of South Hykeham aforesaid, in lieu of the tithes of all the titheable lands within the same parish.

62. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, wastes, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Guilden Morden, in the county of Cambridge.

63. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several open common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, and a tract of heath land, within the parish of Ensham, in the county of Oxford.

64. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parish of Holywell with Needingworth, in the county of Huntingdon.

65. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the half year or shack lands, warrens, commons, heaths, commonable buds, hnd waste grounds, within the parishes of Harford, Horsham Saint Faith's, and hamlet of Newton Saint faith's, in the county of Norfolk.

66. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parish of Elfwarth, in the county of Cambridge.

67. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons, moors, and waste grounds, within the township of Ing-burchworth, in the parish of Pcnistone, in the west riding of the county of York.

(Private) 39 &? 40 GEO. III.

68. An act for confirming and establtfhtng the division and indofure of a certain common, or parcel of waste land, called Session Forest, otherwise 7*ht Long Forest, within the townships of Session, Bathe, and Norton, in the parish of Odmington, in the county of Salop, and certain exchanges of lands and estates within the said parish.

69. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, meadows, pastures, commonable and waste lands, within the parish of Wyfall, in the county of Nottingham.

70. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain common fields and waste lands, within or adjoining the parish of Saint Mary, in Stafford, in the county of Stafford,

71. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, meadow, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Ordfall, in the county of Nottingham.

72. An act for naturalizing Alexander John Gaspard Marcet.

73. An act for the sale of the George inn, in the town of Northampton, vested in trustees for charitable purposes under the will of John Driden esquire, deceased, and for inverting the money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of three pounds per centum consolidated bank annuities, until a proper purchase can be found, and in the mean time for applying the dividends and annual produce thereof for the same charitable purposes.

74. An act to give to trustees powers of sale, exchange, and partition, over such of the shares of estates comprized in the marriage settlement of William Barbor esquire, as are situate in the 'county of Somerset, and to lay out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of estates, to be situate in the county of Devon., and to give a power of changing and appointing new trustees of she estates so to be sold.

75. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste grounds, within the parish of Rocester, and in the township of Denfton, within the parishes of Roctfler aforesaid, and Alveton, in the county of Stafford.

76. An act for exchanging, allotting, improving, and inclosing, certain open and commonable arable lands, within the parish of

a ill, in the county of Somerset, and for dividing, allotting, ig, and improving, a certain open and commonable pasture, called Stert Common, situate in the parish of Huntspill aforesaid, and in the parishes of Cannington, Stockland Bristol, and Stogurfty, in the said county of Somerset.

77. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing> the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the parish of Con-nington, in the county of Cambridge.

78. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosinff, the open and comriTon fields, common or commonable meadows, pasture, lands, and grounds, and waste lands, in the parish of Whitchurch, in the county of Oxford.

79. An act for dividing and inclostrg the common, common fields, common marshes, and waste land, within the parish of 7.,

A TABLE of the STATUTES, &c.

Edmonton, in the county of Middlesex, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

80. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common pastures, and commonable and wafie lands, within the manor or tithing of Chirtzn> otherwise Cherrington, in the county of Wiki.

81. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the several manors or townships of Hunmanby and Fordony in the parish of Hunmonby, in the east riding of the county of York, and for making compensation in lieu of tithe arising in, over, or upon, the same, and in, over, and upon, certain ancient inclosed lands in the same townships,

82. An act for naturalizing Frederick William Westenbfufen*

83. An act for naturalizing Charles Gotthold Nicofoy.

84. An act for dividing, allotting, laying in severalty, and inclosing, the open and common arable lands, common, meadow, common pasture, waste and down ground, within the parish or township of Sparjhohy in the county of Berks, and within the hamlet of Wejicotey in the same parirn and county.

85. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the heaths

and commons, and for exonerating, from common right, the half year lands and lammas lands, within the manors of Dedham Hall and Overhall and Netherbally in the parish of Dedham^ in the county of Essex.

86. An act for naturalizing Francis Julius Mitheli.

87. An act for naturalizing John Tuliilen.

88. An act for naturalizing John Joachim Vital de Boulee de Brouquensy an infant.

89. An act for naturalizing Johan Gotlieb Lebreiht Sultzhergen.

90. An act for naturalizing Jean Elizabeth Grammont Vallette, widow.

[Removed local acts from previous session.]

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magnet Britannic?, Franc'tce, et, tricesimo nono.

AT the parliament begun and Westminster, the twelfth day of July, Anno Domini 1796, in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by several prorogations and by proclamation, to the twenty-fourth day of September 1799; being the fourth session of the eighteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. 1.

An act for enabling his Majesty to accept the services of an additional number of volunteers from the militia, under certain restrictions.

[October 8, 1799 ]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the great increofie of the regular anny, by the volunteers from the militia of this kingdom, under an act passed in the last session of parliament, has enabled his ALfifty to employ a very confedcrable force with a view to the re-cjlablishment of the independence and lawful government of the United Provinces: and whereas the succesi which has already attended his Airfiflys arms, in the employment of such force, has greatly contributed to emreafe the security of his Majesty's dominions \ and it is thereby become expedient to disembody, difimfs, or reduce a certain proportion of the militia fanes existing in this kingdom, and to enable his Majesty to accept the services of such of them as may voluntarily offer to engage in his Majesty's regular forces, under certain provisions and reflrittionL for the vigorous prosecution of the war: may it there-Vol, XLII. H H fore

So much of 39 Geo. 3. c. 106. as'limits the number of men to be off-charged from the militia, repealed.

Militia men may enlist in certain regiments.

464 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. 1. [1799.

fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent or the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That f: > much of the act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the reduction of the militia forces, at the time and in the manner therein limited\ for enabling Ids Majesty more effectually to encrease his regular forces for the vigorous prof cation of the ivar, and for amending the laws relating to the mii: tiay as limits the number of private militia men to be discharged or disembodied from the militia of the several counties, ridings and places, in that act mentioned, to one fourth of the number of men required by the said act to be raised in the said several counties, ridings, and places, shall, from and after the passing this add, be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it rtvjjl be lawful for his Majesty, by any order signified by his Majesty's secretary of date, to direct any such or lb many of the regiments named and appointed under the said acSfcof the last session of parliament, or any such other regiments of the line as his Majesty shall name and appoint, to receive volunteers from the militia, as his Majesty shall see fit, or any regiment of his Majesty's foot guards, or the royal corps of artillery, to receive volunteers from the militia under this act out of any regiment, battalion, or corps' of militia named in any such order; and it shall be lawful for any private militia man to enlist under this act, in the manner, and subject to the regulations herein after mentioned, into any such regiment of the fine of his Majesty's regular forces, or into any such regiment of foot guards or royal corps of artillery, as his Majesty shall hereafter, by any such order as aforesaid, from time to time name and appoint to receive volunteers from the regiment, battalion, or corns of militia to which any such private m3n shall at the time of such enlisting under this act belong.

III. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall

certain canel*disted under this act to serve in any regiment or corps of ditions, and to the line of his Majesty regular forces, so named and appointed take the fol- as aforesaid, shall be enlisted to serve for five years, or during lowing the continuance of the present war, and for six months after the

expiration thereof, and no longer; and shall not be liable to be sent or to serve out of Europe \ and every such person shall, in addition to the usual and accustomed oath to be taken by every person enlisting as a soldier in his Majesty's forces, take the following oath; (that is to say),

Such men to

oath. c T J. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be

X faithful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the regiment of within any part of Europe, during the term

of five years, or for the continuance of the war, and for six months after the expiration thereof, unless I shall be sooner discharged.'

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. 1. 465

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall NV> Tynhon To be enlisted to serve in any regiment or corps of his

regular forces, so named and appointed as aforesaid, shall serve any other in the regiment or corps in which he shall originally have enlisted corps*, ur.leis to serve, and in no other regiment or corps whatever; and no tirftdifc!urc> person enlisting in any such regiment or corps shall, on any count or pretence whatever, be drafted into or serve in any ii)y cjitcjing." other regiment or corps, whether such person Avail content to his being so drafted or not, unless in every such case the person so consenting to serve in any other regiment or corps, other than the one for which he shall have so enlisted as<iforci fid, shall have been first wholly and absolutely discharged from all service whatever in his Majesty's forces, and shall thereafter have voluntarily entered into such other regiment or corps.

V. And be it further enacted, That svery perfm enlisted to Every nuhtia serve in his Majesty's regular forces under this a eft, shall be en- thVrepu-titled to the sum of ten guineas as a bounty, to be paid in man- jar forces to ner herein after directed; and it Oiall be lawful for the justice of be entitled to the peace or magistrate before whom any such person so enlisted ten guineas

as aforesaid shall be attested, to direct any sum, not exceeding one third part of the said bounty of ten guineas to be paid to him poied of as forthwith, or to be advanced to such person, or to such of his herein speci-family, and in such proportions as lie shall requeiVat the time of fod. his being so attested; and also to direct any further sum, nor exceeding the sum of one guinea, to be paid thereout to the officer producing such person to be attested, to be laid out in providing immediate necessaries for such person so attested; and the justice of the peace or magistrate directing the payment of any such. money, shall grant a certificate thereof to the officer producing such person to be attested as aforesaid; and the remainder of such bounty shall be paid to such person as soon as he shall arrive at the herd quarters of the regiment or corps into which he shall have enlisted as aforesaid, if such regiment or corps shall then be in England, or at the head quarters of any r^cruiutig company or companies of any inch icginient or corps if then serving abroad, or at Chatham barracks, as the case may be.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every commanding Commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, of any pnYtYvXfTin county, riding, or place aforesaid, shall, upon receiving direc- to the men the tions from Ins Majesty for that purpose, explain to the private terms upon men of the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, of which he which they shall for the time being have the command, in such manner, and J^Yh^re mhr at all such times within one month from the time of his (lift forces, and it* receiving such directions, as his Majesty shall direct, the terms any declare upon which any private man, serving in the rr.ilifia, may enlist !.uch an inten-into the regular forces, under this act; and if upon the terms of h^dischargeY such enlisting being explained or made known to them as store-ancj attefied said, any private militia man shall voluntarily declare an inten- for the regi-tion to be enlisted into his Majesty's regular forces, it shall be ment in which lawful for such colonel or commanding officer of militia as afore- ^nj^, ttn<i to said, and every such colonel or commanding officer is hereby

466 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. 1. [1799.

required to discharge fu: h person from the militia, whether such person shall enlist iingly or with any other men as a company, in manner herein after mentioned; and every such private militia man, so di (charged as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon belong, as a private man, to the regiment or corps into which he shall declare his intention to enlist, and shall be immediately enlisted and attested for such regiment or corps in due course of law, and shall (as soon as conveniently may be) be'transferred to same officer of such regiment or corps, or such officer as his Majesty may have appointed to receive men enlisted under this act; and Hull have and be entitled to the allowance of the bounty of ten guineas, in the manner herein-mentioned, together with subsistence, pay, and cloathing, to be paid and furnished in like manner in every respect, and subject to and under the like laws, rules, and regulations, as are provided and used for the regiment or corps of his Majesty's regular forces, into which he shall have enlisted, except as i such laws, rules, and regulations are with respect to such men altered by tin's aft; any law or statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Militiamen

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any number of ^ther^s^at0- Private militia nien shall be desirous of enlisting into any regi-company of ment of the line, so named as aforesaid, of his Majesty's regular forces, as a company or companies, of not less than eighty men to each company, and his Majesty shall have signified his intention of granting commissions in his Majesty's regular forces to any officer or officers actually serving in the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia from which any or each of such and make bat-companies of men shall volunteer to serve as aforesaid in his talions of such Majesty's regular forces, as captain, lieutenant, and ensign of such company or companies respectively, that then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such men to enlist as such company or companies as atoiesaid; and then and in every such case it shall be lawful for any number of non'-commissioned officers, corporals, and drummers of such regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, not exceeding three serjeants, four corporals, and one drummer, to every eighty men, to enlist with such company or companies of men as aforesaid; and every colonel and commanding officer of such regiment is hereby required to discharge such non-commissioned officers, corporals, and drummers, as shall be desirous of enlisting as aforesaid, not exceeding such number as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty to attach such company or companies of men to any regiment of the line of his Majesty's regular forces, so named and appointed as aforesaid, into which the private militia men of such company or companies shall have declared their intention to enlist as aforesaid, or to join together any number of such companies, and form the same into an additional battalion or any additional battalions of any such regiment as aforesaid, and in such case to appoint such and such number of field and staff officers to any such battalion or battalions as his Majesty shall think necessary; and every such battalion shall thereupon be subject to such and the like regulations, with respect to service, as any regiment of

not less than eighty, and his Majesty may appoint officers from the militia.

companies, & c.

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. r. 467

+the line named and appointed to receive volunteers from the militia under the said recited act and this act; and every private militia man of every such company shall be entitled to such and the like bounty, to be paid in such and the like manner, and shall serve on such and the like conditions, in every respect, as are herein-mentioned with respect to any militia man enlisting into any regiment of the line of his Majesty's regular forces, under the said act of the last session of parliament, or this act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Militia offi-officer so volunteering to serve in his Majesty's regular forces, t^in°ton" with any such company of men as aforesaid, shall he entitled tofcrVem the and have temporary rank in his Majesty's regular forces equal regular forces, to the rank he shall have held as such militia officer at the time to have tern-of such volunteering as aforesaid, and thereafter such permanent

rank as his Majesty shall think fit to grant; and every such half pay. officer so serving in his Majesty's regular forces as aforesaid, with temporary rank only therein, shall, upon his reduction as such officer, be entitled to and receive the half pay of the rank in which he shall have been serving at the time of his reduction, as if such rank had been permanent.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no non- Persons con-commissioned officer, corporal, drummer, or private militia man,

shall be entitled to enlist under this act who shall be in confine- COUrts-mar-ment under any sentence of any court-martial, of who shall be tial. Sec. not under confinement with a view to being tried by any court- entitled toen-martial, until he shall have suffered the sentence of such viftonallpr°* court-martial; and that no non-commissioned officer, corporal, u 1 drummer, or private militia man, shall be entitled to his discharge, or to enlist under this act, who shall have been in confinement, or who shall have been sentenced to any punishment by any court-martial for any offence committed between the twenty-fourth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the time of his so offering to enlist, unless he shall obtain the consent of the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia in which he shall be serving at the time of his being desirous of enlisting as aforesaid.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person Mnficians or serving in the militia who shall be usually employed as a musician enbtltdTo eu-in the band of the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, to without which he shall belong, or shall be usually employed as an consent of the armourer in any such regiment, battalion, or corps, shall be commanding entitled to his discharge, or to enlist into his Majesty's regular ottlcer* forces under this act, unless he shall obtain the consent for that purpose of the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment. Commanding battalion, or corps of militia, in which lie shall be then serving. officers of mi-

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall litia may re -be lawful for the colonel or commanding officer of any regi- fate to (1, f-ment, battalion, or corps of militia, to refuse to discharge any f0*[*ee|^us non-commissioned officer, corporal, drummer, or private militia of enlisting man, who shall desire his discharge for the purpose of being en- into the regu-listed, under this adfc, into his Majesty's regular forces, upon lar forces, assigning, in writing, to the general officer commanding(Sctfe^iOTrnS

Cauie.

tars, may be reduced to privates.

468 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. 1. [1799.

district within which such regiment, battalion, or corps of militia shall be quartered, or to the adjutant general of his Majesty's forces where there shall nor be any such general officer as aforesaid, such cause for his refusal as shall be deemed sufficient by such general officer, or adjutant general, as the case may be. Persons dif-

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any themirnofeof Person> discharged from the militia for the purpose of being en-being i'o en-'lifted Into his Majesty's regular forces under this act, shall not-listed, and re- withstanding refuse to enlist, pursuant to any declaration of being fifing so to desirous to enlist so made by him as aforesaid, that then and in so the rod-1^ every such case such person shall continue to belong to the regi-rhent from mcnf, battalion, or corps of militia, from which fie shall have which dif- been so discharged fur the purpose of enlisting as aforesaid, not-charged. - withstanding any such discharge.

Non-commis-

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall honed offi- be lawful for the commanding officer for the time being of any rds"1 oi°dvum- of the line into which any such non-commissioned

Tners, enlisted officer, corporal, or drummer, shall have enlisted under this act, into the regu. or for the commanding officer of any battalion of any such regiment in which such non-commissioned officer, corporal, or drummer shall serve, to reduce, at his discretion, any such non* commissioned officer, corporal, or drummer, to the rank of a private soldier in the regiment, battalion, or corps of his Majesty's forces in which he shall serve as such non-commissioned officer, corpora!, or drummer as aforesaid, in case of any mif-condust, or for any such sufficient cause as would, according to the usage and practice that obtain in his Majesty's regular forces, occasion the reduction of any non-commissioned officer, corporal, or drummer to the rank of a private soldier.

Commanding

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing oPacers not to in this act contained, shall authorise any colonei or commanding officer as aforesaid to discharge, or cause to be discharged, under any of the provisions of this act, any greater number of such men of the militia of any county, riding, or place, as shall be desirous of enlisting, and shall be enlisted under this act, than will, together with the number of men discharged for the purpose of being enlisted into the regular forces under the said recited act, amount in the whole to three fifths of the number of men required as the quota of such county, riding, or place, by the said act of the last session of parliament.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant, or in the absence of the lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants, authorised by his Majesty to act as lieutenant, of every county, riding, and place aforesaid, shall, within ten days after the receiving of any order for that purpose from his Majesty, signified py his Majesty's secretary of (late, transmit to his Majesty's privy council an accurate account, in writing, of the number of necessary, shall persons that shall have been discharged from the militia of their counties, ridings, and places, and enlisted in the re-the command- gu^ar forces under this act; which accounts shall, in all cases ing officer of where the same may be necessary, be transmitted, by the com-the militia, manding

discharge above a certain number &f men.

County lieutenants to transmit to the privy council an account of the number of men discharged, which when

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. 1. 469

mantling officers of such militia to such lieutenants or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, for that purpose.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of His Majesty this act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any warrant under his sign manual, directed to the lieutenant or deputy lieute- of mflitia men nants as aforesaid, from time to time, when and as often as he to be dimilted shall think fit, to disembody any number of militia men, with-to their but regard to whether such men were raised under an act passed ve

in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or under two several acts passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, or raised after the passing of this act; and for that purpose, to authorise and direct any colonel or commanding officer of any militia to disembody and dismiss, to their respective places of abode, any fuph number of militia men aforesaid, as his Majesty shall think fit; and every such colonel or commanding officer shall, within fourteen days after the issuing of any warrant as aforesaid, proceed, according to the directions of such warrant, to disembody and dismiss such militia men aforesaid to their respective places of abode, in manner and at the times in such warrant mentioned.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- Not more in

thing in this act contained shall authorise his Majesty to disem- the whole to body and dismiss any greater number of militia men than will, t^anlhree together with the number of men discharged under the said re- fifths of the cited act and this act, for the purpose of being enlisted into quota requir-his Majesty's regular forces, amount irt the whole to three fifths eti by the act of the number of men required as the quota of such county, a

riding, or place, by the said act of the last session of parliament.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all p€rfons fodif-persons so disembodied and tlifmified as aforesaid, or felcdfed or milied, or fe-fixed upon for the purpose of being so disembodied or dismissed lifted so to be, as aforesaid, from, any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, the^resular11 may, during the time of their remaining so disembodied as forces, and aforesaid, or at any time after they shall have left the regiment, such as do not battalion, or corps of militia, under any order of the colonel jha|{ remain or commanding officer thereof, for, he purpose of being so i^hVm.Utu' disembodied or dismissed as aforesaid, enhit in his Majesty's re- and shall gular forces; and that all persons so disembodied and dismissed join when

as aforesaid, who shall not, during such time as aforesaid, enlist required.^ in any of his Majesty's regular forces, shall remain liable to serve in the same militia, (unless any such person shall b<j entitled to his discharge under the provisions of any act or acts now in force), and shall and they are hereby required to join any regiment, battation, and corps or militia, serving for the county, riding, or place, from the militia of which they shall have been respectively dismissed, whenever called upon so' to do, either for the purpose of supplying the vacancies which may arise in the said militia, or whenever they shall be again embodied under any warrant under his Majesty's sign manual, which warrant, as aforesaid, his Majesty is hereby empowered to issue whenever he shall think fit, and shall be and remain H H 4

His Majesty may retain

officers, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c 1. [1799.

subject to all such and the like rules and orders, and to all and the like pains and penalties, as any other persons enrolled to serve in the militia are subject and liable to by any act or acts now in force, at such times as the said militia shall not be embodied under the said acts, or as such persons are subject and liable to at the time of the embodying of any militia.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful onicers <xc ^or h, Majesty, by any order signified by his Majesty's fecre-notwithstand- tarY Hate, to direct any number of officers, non-commissioned ing the re- officers, corporals, or drummers, actually serving in any regi-duffion of the ment, battalion, or corps of militia at the time of any reduced htiamen l*°n of ^le number of the private men of such regiment, battalion, or corps, by the discharge of men for the purpose of enlisting into the regular forces under this act, to be retained during the continuance of the present war, or for so long time during the continuance thereof as his Majesty shall think fir, as officers, non-commissioned officers, corporals, and drumtpers respectively, of such regiment, battalion, or corps, although by. reason thereof the number of officers, non-commissioned officers, corporals, and drummers respectively, of any such regiment, battalion, or corps, shall, after such reduction of the number of private men therein as aforesaid, exceed the proportion of officers, non-commissioned officers, corporals, and drummers respectively, prescribed for any regiment, battalion, corps, or company of militia, by any act or acts now in force j and all such officers, non-commissioned officers, corporals, and drummers, so retained as aforesaid, shall be entitled to such pay, emoluments, and advantage?, ars other officers, non-commissioned officers, corporals, and drummers respectively, are by law entitled unto; any thing in any law or act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, whenever he shall think proper after the passing of this Aact, to cause the militia of any county, riding, or place, to be formed into such and such number of regiments, battalions,

of the militia, or companies, as his Majesty shall deem expedient, regard being had to the reduction that shall have taken place in the militia of such county, riding, or place, by the enlistment of men into the regular forces under the said act of the last session of parliament, or this act, or by the tiifembodying of.any militia men by his Majesty under this act; and conforming in every such case, as near as the proportions of men left after such reduction as aforesaid will admit, to the original establishment of the militia of such county, riding, or place, with respecto the regiments, battalions, or companies of winch the same was composed under the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

His Majesty

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for ders through hlS?y any order signified by his Majesty's secretary of the secretary at any time, from time to time during the execution of

offtateto this act, or any part thereof, to give such orders and directions

to

His Majesty may make a new arrangement of the establishment

t'ff Ci

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. 1. 471

to the lieutenants, or in the vacancy of the office or absence lords lieute-of any lord lieutenant, to the deputy lieutenants authorised to nant A.n<* aft as lieutenant, or to the respective colonels and commanding00 ottz s* officers of any regiments, battalions, or corps of militia, of every county, riding, and place aforesaid, as his Majesty shall from time to time* think expedient and necessary for the execution of this act; and the several lieutenants and deputy lieutenants, and colonels and commanding officers aforesaid, shall proceed forthwith, in pursuance of his Majesty's orders, to da all such acts as shall be necessary for the purpose of carrying such order into execution, and for the due execution of the provisions of this act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every colonel or Commanding commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of officers of im-militia, shall, within twenty days, or as soon as conveniently* maybe, after the issuing of any warrant under this act for the clerk of the disembodying and dismissing any militia men belonging to such general meet-regiment, battalion, or corps, transmit, or cause to be tranT- wMnn, v mitted, to the clerk of the general meeting of lieutenancy of men

the county, riding, or place, to which such militia shall belong, d item bodied, a list of all such militia men as shall have been disembodied and dismissed in pursuance of any such warrant as aforesaid; and every such lift shall be made in the following form:

Dated the day of

Name of the county, &c. Names of the men disembodied and dif-milfed. If substitutesj for whom they serve. Of the parish of In the hundred of

A.B. — p.- H.

E. F. C.D. M. N.

And the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants acting for such county. Lieutenants to riding, or place, shall cause the men necessary for supplying any hfpply vacan-vacancies that may hereafter arise in the militia of such county, f^hh'fts^nd riding, or place, to be ballotted for out of the persons returned the persons in any such lift as aforesaid, until fit persons shall be found to ballotted to supply such vacancies, and so from time to time as occasion ferYe^he re" shall require, so long as any of the persons returned in any to which such lift can be found fit to supply such vacancies as aforesaid; engaged be-and every person so ballotted to supply any such vacancy, who fore difmif-. shall not be deemed by such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants flon* unfit by reason of sickness or bodily inability, shall serve in the militia of such county, riding, or place, upon the conditions, and for the remainder of the time, for which such person shall

Every officer appointed by his MU idly.

der in chief, may enlist militia men disembodied

472 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. 1. [1799.

have been engaged to serve in such militia before he was disembodied and dismissed as aforesaid; and whenever and as soon as all the persons returned in any such list or lists that can be found to supply such vacanciestas aforesaid, shall by ballot have.supplied such vacancies as aforesaid, then and in every such case the men necessary for supplying such future vacancies as may arise in such militia, shall be raised, chosen, and ballotted for* in manner directed by the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any officer appointed by his Majesty under this act, or any

4- serjeant or other person duly authorised by the commander in

or any person.J, r. ., nr, r Jr, / ..n

authorised by ch>ef of his Majesty's forces for that purpose, to enlilr into any

the comman- regiment, battalion, or corps of his Majesty's regular forces, A — in any militia man so disembodied under and by virtue of this act,

and who is willing to be so enlisted, and shall appear fit for service; and every such officer, serjeant, or other person as and willing to aforesaid, enlisting such person as aforesaid, and every such per-ierve in the fan so enlisting to serve in his Majesty's regular forces as afore-iegulariorces. p3jcj^ shall be freed and discharged from aft pains, penalties, or forfeitures whatsoever, incurred by reason of such enlisting, entering, or offering to serve as aforesaid; any statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall authorise any officers appointed by his Majesty to enlist and receive militia men under this act, or any commanding officer, or other officer, or non-commissioned officer, of any regiment, battalion, or corps in his Majesty's regular forces, or other person, to enlist, or persuade to enlist, or receive, any militia men other than such as shall have been duly discharged by the colonel or commanding officer of the militia, to which the person desirous of enlisting shall belong, in case such man shall be actually serving in the militia, or other than such as shall, have left any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, for the purpose of being disembodied in manner herein-before mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That upon the production to the lieutenant or three deputy lieutenants of the county,

lieutenant, of riding, or place, from the militia of which any person or per-any militia fons discharged or disembodied under this act was or were enlisted, of a certificate or certificates, under the hand of any justice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, or place in Great Britain, or of any magistrate of any borough, town, or place therein, of any such private man belonging to the militia having voluntarily enlisted and entered himself as aforesaid, and of a like certificate or certificates, under the hands of of men serving any officer or officers appointed by his Majesty to receive suchortIJe men, or duly authorised to enlist any man or men into his iVla-

Ihaif1 notbejesty, s regu^r forces, of such man or men having entered into obliged to his Majesty's regular forces, (which certificates every such juf-

baiiotfor tice or magistrate and officer respectively is hereby required to another man. give

Act not to authorise en lilting any militia men unless dif-.charged, or to be disembodied, as before-mentioned.

On production of certificate to the

man's having enliited into the regular forces, he shall cause his name to be discharged from the lift

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. — 5. 473

give£/7J(«), every such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants is and are hereby required to cause the person named in such certificate to be discharged from the lift of militia men serving for such county, riding, or place; and the certificate of the number of men to be raised for the militia of such county, riding, or place, to be amended by striking out such number of men as shall be enlisted in his Majesty's regular forces from the militia of such county, riding, or place, by virtue of this act; and the county, riding, or place, for which any private militia man so enlisted was raised, shall not be obliged to ballot for any other in the room of the militia man so enlisted, but shall be discharged from raising any men to supply any vacancy occasioned by any enlisting under or in pursuance of this act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be pa fled in altere^ «r re-this session of parliament. 1 j£.th, s

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand tight hundred.

[October 12, 1799.]

CAP. III.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousands eight hundred. —

[October 12, 1799.]

CAP. IV.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, and for permitting exchequer bills, issued under an act of the last session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, and for other purposes, if not paid by a certain day, to be received in payment of any of the branches of the publick revenue.

[October 12, 1799.]

The treasury may before April 5, 1800, take loans or issue exchequer bills, not exceeding 2.500, cool, agreeably to the directions of the malt act of this session. The clauses, See. in the malt' aft extended to this act.

Exchequer bills so issued not to be received in payment of the revenue, or at the exchequer till October 10, 1800. Exchequer bills to be repaid out of the first five initalments of any loan granted in this session, and in default of payment therefrom before Oct. 10, 1800, the same shall become chargeable on the consolidated fund after Jan. 5, 1800. Money issued out of the consolidated fund, to be replaced out of the next supplies. Bank of England may lend 2, 500, 000l. on the credit of this act, notwithstanding 5 and 6 Gul. et Mar. c. 20. or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

Exchequer bills issued in pursuance of 39 Geo. 3. c. 114. if not discharged before April 5, 1800, to be received in payment of any revenue, &c.

CAP. V.

An act for enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, and in the manner therein mentioned, for the relief of the merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster.

[October 1 a, 1799.]

D, g£zA

CAP. VI.

An act to enable the lords of of his Majesty's treasury to ilTiie exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as may arise by virtue of an act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for granting certain additional duties of customs on goods exported and imported; and on tonnage of ships entering out-wards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the signing the pre-: liminary articles of peace; and upon an act of last session of parlia- i ment for granting certain duties upon income.

[October n, 1799.]

The treasury may, after Oct. 20, 1759, issue exchequer bills to the amount of 3, odo, ooool viz. 1, 500, 0001. on the credit of 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. and 1, 500, 0001. on the credit of 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. payable in three months, to be prepared in manner directed by 39 Geo. 3. c. ». Exchequer bills so ifmed not to be received in payment of the revenue or at the exchequer until the same become payable. The clauses, &c. in 39 Geo. 3. c. 2. extended to this act. Exchequer bills to bear an interest not exceeding 3 i-2d. percent, per diem. Bank, of England authorised to advance 3, 000, ooool. on the credit of this act, notwitManding 5 and 6 Gul.«t Marias, c. 20. or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

ii1'

: C;

CAP. VII.

An act to prohibit, until the first day of March one thousand eight ]'t hundred, the making of low wines or Jpints from wheats barley,; malty or other fort of grainy or from any meal, flour, or any I bratiy in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[October 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the dif illation of low wines v or spirits, and the making or preparing of wort from wheat, harley, malt, and all other forts of grainy and from mealy floury or bratiy should be prohibited in that part of Great Britain tolled Scotland y for a limited time: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present No spirits to parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, be diitilled froni and after the twentieth day of October one thousand seven j 4 °in hl, n(fred anc* ninety-nine, until and upon the first day of March: Scotland for one thousand eight hundred, in that part of Great Britain called a certain Scotland, no low wines or spirits shall be brewed, made, pre- j > period. pared, extracted, or distilled, from any wheat, barley, malt, or, tilts, or any other fort of corn or grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the same.

Penalty of

II. And be it further enacted, That if, during the time be-

corn ^0fe

any distiller or distillers, maker or makers, of low: so dhtilhng°or w*nes or fp*r*ts» or any other person or persons whatsoever, attempting so shall brew, make, prepare, extract, or distil, or cause or procure, to do. to be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or distilled, any low

wines or spirits, from any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the same, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain,

or

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii 1 III. C 2. c. 7. 475

or any meal, flour, or bran, or any wort or wash, in order for the brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling any low wines or spirits, or shall put or Jay, or cause or procure so be put or laid, in any tun, wash batch, cask, copper, ftdl, or other vessel or utensil, any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn -^or grain, or any meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the same, for the purpose of preparing any wort or wash, or for: t brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling, any low c: r> wines or spirits, whether such tun, walh batch, cask, copper,

w- still, or other vessel or utensil, shall or shall not have been or be.duly entered at the excise office, that then and in each and G: v every r^e said cases such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, of low wines or spirits, or other person or persons,

p acting contrary to the directions of this act, and the person or -'v' persons in whose culVody or possession any such tun, wash batch,

T V cask, copper, still, or other veilei or utensil, which shall be made use of contrary to the intention of this act, shall he found, shall severally and respectively, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; and all such wheat, barley, malt, and other corn or grain, and such meal, flour, and bran,

or other mixture with the same, and such wort and wash, low wines and spirits, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized'by any officer or officers of excise.

; 'III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Penalty not ro

'T That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed

-1-" or construed to extend, to subjectc any entered distiller to the said wadi openly

penalty of five hundred pounds, for or by reason of his ex- brewed on or

trading or diddling any low wines or spirits from any v; a(l], ')etcre0*I5»

: [*' openly brewed in his entered distillery, on or before the fifteenth 1799'

'"'I day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland y any thing in this ac>

Contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any wheat, wheat: meal, or wheat flour, shall, within the time herein-before li- ftiilhouse,

mited, be found in any workhouse, stillhouse, storehouse, ware- after Od. zo, house, or any other place, wherein low wines or spirits, or799* for-wortor wash, shall be preparing, or shall be brewed, made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, or where any low wines or spirits, a 0 zo° -; J or wort or wash, shall have been brewed, made, extracted, dif-& tilied, or prepared, after the twentieth day of October one thou-r.' faod seven hundred and ninety-nine, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ all such wheat, wheat meal, and flour, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or r officers of excise; and the person or persons, in whose possession such workhouse, stillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, or place,

?> shall be, shall for every such offence respectively also forfeit and: i pay the sum of two hundred pounds.

/ V. And be it further enacted, That during the time herein- Persons ^au-: ( before limited, it shall be lawful for any person or persons, who a

x shall be authorised for that purpose by one or more justice or Jwjth an officer'justices of the peace, at any time or times with any officer of of excite, en-

excise lbllhouseSj

&c, to inspect materials and utenhls, and if the officer suspect corn, &c. to be mixed in wort, he may take a fan. pie.

Penalty of aool. for obstructing inspection, or not allowing a sample to be taken

Corn, &c.

found in ay be seized v^.th the vessels.

excise, to enter into any workhouse, stillhouse, storehouse, ware-house, or any other place whatsoever, wherein any low wines or spirits, or wort or waffi shall be, or are suspected to be preparing, or to be brewed, made, or extracted, distilled or prepared, or wherein low wines or wort, or wash shall have been made, brewed, extracted, distilled, ' or prepared, after the said twentieth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and shall have free admittance into the same, and may insped all the materials, vessels, and utensils therein contained, (giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the business which shall be carrying on); and in calc any such officer of excise shall have reason to fujpedf that any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain, or any meal, flour, or bran, is mixed in any wort or wash, or in any other material or preparation for brewing, making, extracting, or distilling low wines or spirits, it shall be lawful for such officer, at any time or times during the said term, upon payment of two shillings and sixpence, to take a sample not exceeding two quarts of such wort or waft, material or preparation, which shall be found in any such house or other place aforesaid; and in case any distiller or distillers, maker or makers of low wines or spirits, or the owner or occupier of any such house or place, or any workman or servant to any such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, or owner or occupier belonging, shall refuse to admit such person or persons as shall be so authorised, or any officer or officers of excise, into any such house or place, or shall obstruct or hinder any such officer or person or persons in making such inspection as aforesaid, or shall not allow any such officer to take such sample after the said lum of two shillings and sixpence shall be paid or tendered for the same, every such distiller or maker, owner or occupier, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such officer of excise, or other person or persons authorised as aforesaid, having a warrant for that purpose from any such justice or justices as aforesaid, to seize, take, anti carry away all such wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain, and all such meal, flour, and bran, as shall be found in any such house or other place, together with all the vessels, sacks, bags, and other things, in which the said commodities shall be contained.

After Oct. 20,

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any distiller or maker 1709, distillers of jovv wines or spirits for sale or exportation shall, after the thann<fve10re twent'et^ day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-quarters of nine, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, be possessed wheat, See, of, or have in his, her, or their custody or possession, or in the (except in custody or possession of any person or persons in trust or for forfeit the to l^e U^e or ^ene^lt: such distiller or maker of low wines or

lame, and 10l. spirits, more than five quarters of wheat, wheat meal, or wheat per quarter, flour, at any one time in any one or more place or places, (not being a place or places for preparing, brewing, making, extracting, distihing, or keeping wort or wash, low wines or

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. 7. 477

spirits), every such distiller or distillers, maker or makers of low wines and spirits, shall for every such offence respectively, forfeit all such wheat, wheat meal, and flour, exceeding the said quantity of five quarters, and also the sum of ten pounds for every quarter so forfeited.

VII. Provided always, That this ac! shall not extend to Penalty not to inflict the said last mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any e.xttnd to dif-distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, who shall be the tl)^8eion^ actual grower of wheat, and shall be possessed of any quantity ^heat;

of such wheat grown by him or her, in the draw, or after the same is threshed out or separated from the straw; provided that such wheat shall not be kept in his or her possession, or in the possession of any other person or persons in trust for him or her, for a greater space of time than twenty days after the same shall be threshed or separated from the draw, and so as such wheat be not kept in any place used for brewing, making, extracting, or distilling low wines or spirits, or for preparing or keeping wort or wash.

VIII. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to i nfli61 nor to millers.

the said last mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any distiller 1, 1 certam

caies.

or maker of low wines or spirits who practises the trade of a miller, and who was possessed of and worked any mill or mills for the grinding of wheat on or before the twentieth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for and uJ>on account of any quantity of wheat which shall during the time herein-before limited be found not wetted or steeped in any such mill or mills; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any officer or On oath of officers, of the excise, or any other person or persons, shall at £r°l., n.rf of any time or times have cause to suspeCI that any wheat, wheat ^Q^than* meal, or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of five quarters, five quarters shall be laid or kept in any such storehouse, warehouse, granary, of wheat, Sec. or other place or places as aforesaid, belonging to any distiller arekeptin any or maker of low wines or spirits, contrary to the* true intent ^officers and meaning of this act, then and in every such case, upon oath an 1 other made by such officer or officers, or other person or persons, persons may before one or more justice or justices of the peace residing near hc a 111honied the place where such officer or officers, or other person or per- ^Je^c fons, shall suspevft the same to be laid and kept, setting forth the the Surplus; ground of his or their suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and the per-and for the justice or justices of the peace before whom such ion*ijl w'J°fe officer or officers, or other person or persons shall make oath as t0f0r-aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reasonable), by special fe$t ioi, warrant under his or their respective hands and seals, to autho- per quarter, rife and empower such officer or officers, or other person or persons authorised as aforesaid, by day Or by night, (but if in the night, then in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace), to enter into all and every storehouse, warehouse, granary, or other place or places, where he or they shall so suspect that any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, exceeding

ceeding the quantity of five quarters as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, of low wines or spirits, and to seize, take, and carry away, all such wheat, wheat meal, and flour, as he or they shall so find, (over and above the said quantity of five quarters), together with all the vessels, sacks, bags, or other things wherein the same shall be contained; and such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, of low wines or spirits, or the person or persons in whose custody or possession such wheat, wheat meal, or flout, belonging to such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, shall be found, shall for every such offence respectively forfeit and pay the said penalty of ten pounds for every quarter exceeding the said quantity of five quarters; and the said officer or officers, and other person or persons, is or are hereby empowered by such wairant, together with such other person or persons as he or they shall take to his or their alfistance, to enter such storehoulcs, warehouses, granaries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof in case they be not forthwith opened on demand.

Recovery and X. And be it further enafleef. That all fines, penalties, and application of forfeitures, imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered,

Doors may be broken open.

penalties.

Contracts Tor lit liw ry of spirits. See, aficr Oct. zo, 1799, vo'd.

Limitation of actions.

Act may be pRacted, and defender may recover expences.

levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in the court of exchequer in Scotland, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for rlie same.

XI. And whereas there may have been contracts made by distillers, with several perjiiv, jor spirits, grams, or yea ft, to be delivered and received at future times after the twentieth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; be it therefore enacted, That all contracts or bargains made by any diiiilJeror distillers, with any person or persons whatsoever, for any spirits, grains, or yeast, to be delivered at any time during the continuance of this act, shall be and are hereby declared to be null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any aiftion or suit shall be commenced against: any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this a£r, such action or suit shall be commenced within the foace of one calendar month next after the o fie rice shall be committed, and the court before whom such action or suit shall be brought, shall allow the defenderto plead this act on his defence, and if the pursuer shall not insist on his action, or if judgement shall be, given against such pursuer, the defender shall and may recover the full and real expenceshe may have been put to by any such adfcion or suit.

XIII. And whereas by divers laws now in force, certain annual duties are imposed upon fills used for difilling spirits from corn or grain in proportion to the contents of such fills: and whereas it is

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. f. z. c. 8. 479

reasonable that an allowance should be made for such part of the vfual season for distilling during which they may be prevented from work-from ing in consequence of this act; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or allowance of any four of them, to make such allowances to the persons taking the duties on out such licences respectively, as shall appear to the said com- Mils, for the missioners, With the approbation of the lords of of are

his Majesty's treasury, or any three of them, to be reasonable. Work.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case his His Majesty Majesty, at any time or time's after the said twentieth day of may authorise October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall in of his royal discretion judge it to be most for the benefit and ad- grains &c.^t vantage of this kingdom to permit the making of low wines any time after and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, Od. 20, 1799. or from any meal, flour, or bran, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation or y proclamations, to be issued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majesty's order in council, to be published in the London Gazette, from time to time, to permit and suffer,

all and every person and persons, natives and foreigners, (but f not any particular person or persons), at any time or times after the said twentieth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to make low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

An act for reducing, until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred, the duties upon spirits distilled from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith; for prohibiting the difiillation of spirits from wheat or wheat flour; and for reducing, until the twentieth day of September one thousand eight hundred, and better collecting the duties payable on the importation of Jlarch.

[October 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a certain proportion of the

duties of excise now payable upon wort or wash brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home -mfumption, should be reducedfor a limited tunc: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Certain prd-fame, That the several and respective proportions following of PJ)rt*on? of the several duties of excise herein after mentioned, granted and "*1^ imposed by the several and respectiv, e acts herein after men- distilled from tioned, upon any wort or wash brewed or made in that part of melatfes or Great Britain called England, from melasses or sugar, or any fu^r j°rEn^" ' mixture therewith; that is to say, Two-pence three farthings ^uJcj1UISar

CAP. VIII.

Vol. XLII

Iz

of June 1, 1 too.

480 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. 8. [1799.

' of the duty of eight-pence three farthings, granted by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign; one halfpenny of the duty of one penny halfpenny, granted by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, made perpetual by an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty; one halfpenny of the duty of one penny halfpenny, granted by an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty; one halfpenny of the duty of one penny halfpenny, granted by an act passed in the thirty.fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and one halfpenny <of the duty of one penny halfpenny, granted by an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, amounting in the whole to the sum of four-pence three farthings, out of the whole amount of the said duties of one shilling and two-pence three farthings, by the said several acts granted, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be discontinued until and upon the first day of June one thousand eight hundred.

Distillers for

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That during home con- the continuance of this act, every distiller of spirits for home mixTureaof consumption in that part of Great Britain called England, from zndafc* or any mixture of melasses or sugar with corn or grain, shall, in sugar with the books or accounts of the officers of excise, be entitled tot

credit of twenty gallons of spirits and no more, at the strength credit^ofao 006 to ten over hydrometer proof, for every one hundred gallons of wort or wash, made or brewed by such distillers from any such mixture; provided, that if such distiller shall extract more than twenty gallons of spirits, at the strength aforesaid, for every one hundred gallons of wort or wash, found in his, her, or their custody or possession, he or they shall forfeit and pay the sum of five millings for every gallon of spirits so extracted above the proportion aforesaid.

III. And whereas by the laws new in force, diflilters or makers of spirits from corn or grain are prohibited from making use of any melasses, coarse sugar, or any compofaion or extrafl of sugar, in the brewing, making, or preparing wash for dif illation, or in making or extra fling spirits, and from receiving or taking into his custody or possession any such melasses, coarse sugar, or composition or extract as aforesaid, exceeding ten pounds weight: and whereas it is expedient to suspend the said prohibitions; be it therefore enacted, That the said prohibitions tshall be, and the same are hereby suspended until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred; any act or

Distillersufing parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

wheat in

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from

making wort, and after the passing of this act, no distiller or distillers, or t^>rfcid maker or makers of spirits, shall apply, spend, consume, or make fons atfiftingH* u^c or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be applied, spent,

therein to for* consumed, or made use of, any wheat or wheat flour in the frit ftoL or be brewing, making, or preparing any wort or wash, for making

rflJTUTl'ittfd to _ 11!, ^. nn/l If An*. /It A.

gallons of spirits for every too of wash, and shall forfeit 5s. per gallon for the fur-

plus.

Certain prohibitions suspended till /unc i, 1800.

a>mra»tted to or CXfracting spirits; and if any distiller or distillers, or maker region for*" or makers of low wines or spirits, shall apply, spend, consume, tin ee months. 1 01

snake i ^; co: sh-

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III# C 2. c. 8. 481

or make use of, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be applied, spent, consumed, or made use of, any wheat or wheat flour, in the brewing, making, or preparing any wort or wash, for

jnaking or extracting spirits, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this z6t; the person or persons so offending shall,

is foreaclrand every such offence, forfeit and Jose the sum of five hundred pounds; and every servant of such distiller or distillers, o maker or makers of (pints, and every other person who shall be

f aiding and assisting in the applying, spending, con fuming, or

making use of ^my wheat or wheat flour, in the brewing, making, or preparing any wort or wash for making or extract-

ing spirits, or in carrying or conveying the same into the house,

0 dill house, or other place used by such distiller or distillers, maker - or makers, of low wines or spirits, in the brewing, making, or preparing such wort or wash, shall also forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds, and in default^of payment thereof, immediately upon conviction, shall be liable to suffer three months imprisonment in the house of cor-region, and to be kept to hard labour during such imprison- ment.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to ex-!. in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to Mafdson*6 extend, to the manufacture of spirits called Maid/hne Geneva, geneva manu-ly carried on at Maidstone, in the county of Kent, by sir William tactory, except

Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or any or either of a? to the pro-

them, feve and except so far as this act prohibits any distiller or nf^of wheat6 distillers from spending, consuming, or making use of any wheat o/wheat v or wheat flour in the brewing, making, or preparing any wort flour.

J or wash for leaking or extracting of spirits.

VI. And whereas by an act, made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty5 for repealing the several duties of X

' customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for

other purposes a certain duty of customs of five pounds five Shillings and eight-pence is imposed for every hundred weight of Jlarch imported into Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that for a,

limited time the duties on Jlarch imported should be lowered; be it v therefore enacted, That, from and after the twentieth day of A proportion V December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and until of duty of \ and upon the twentieth day of September one thousand eight ^fcontinued6

*7 hundred, three pounds nineteen shillings and four-pence person starch im-

hundred weight of starch, part of the said duty of customs imported into f posed upon starch imported into Great Britain, shall be and Great Britain

the same is hereby discontinued for and in respect of all such^nd 12-

7 starch as shall be imported into Great Britain after the said fore9Sept. 20]

; twentieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and 1800.

J ninety-nine, and before the said twentieth day of September one 'I thousand eight hundred.

7 VII. And be it further enacted, That in every entry or re-In the entry port of any starch imported or brought into this kingdom to be starch im-

P or veffd, to porftymcc

fourteenth years of the packages, and reign the numbers

b}

4.82 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. 8. [1799.

and marks on reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An qR for prevent* feltedton>e a?n frau's ar^ replating abuses in his Majesty's customs^ the num-o?forfeiture° ber of ca^s> chests, cases, bags, or other packages, with the with the pack* particular numbers and marks of each of them, on board of ages. each respective ship or vessel, shall be inserted, on pain, for every neglect or refusal thereof, to forfeit such (larch, with the cask, chest, case, bag, or other package, wherein the same shall be contained, which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith(landin|.

St.irch im-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any (larch we^hed^by11 imPorted or brought into this kingdom shall, in order to ascer-the officers of tain the duties payable thereon, have been weighed by the pro-the customs, per officer or officers of the customs, the proper officer or officers shall be fe- f the customs shall secure the same until the delivery thereof untddeliverednto t*le charge and custody of the proper officer or officers of to the officers excise, and upon the delivery thereof into the custody of the of excise, and proper officer or officers of excise, the importer or importers, thereupon the proprietor or proprietors, or confrgnee or consignees thereof, deposit^shall, at his, her, or their own proper costs and charges, remove where direct- all such (larch to and deposit the same in such convenient house, ed, and when warehouse, or place, as the proper officer or officers of excise required wrap shall direct; and thereupon such importer or importers, pro-pers^hbdit Pr, etor or proprietors, or consignec or consignees, shall, on foasto pre- being required by the proper officer or officers of excise so to vent the open-do, immediately wrap all such (larch in papers of the colours, ing of the or one of them, herein after mentioned, and no other, cadi tearffi^the°Ut containing not less than* four pounds weight, nor

label, &c. on niore than seven pounds weight of (larch; and also tie up every penalty of such wrapper where the ends of the paper containing such (larch

jool shall be folded, and also strongly affix or paste, with warm paste

made from glue, on the outside of every such wrapper, after the same shall be so tied, a label of very thin paper, three inches long and three inches broad at the Jeast, and of a different colour from the paper in which the llarch shall be wrapped, that is to say, If such (larch shall be wrapped in blue or brown paper, the said label shall be with white, and if such (larch shall be wrapped in white paper, such label shall be blue; and shall also affix and paste every such label on the foldings of both ends of the paper enclosing such a quantity of (larch, and in such a manner as to prevent the opening of the said paper containing such (larch without tearing such label; and the proper officer or officers of excise shall attend to fee such llarch papered and tied in manner aforesaid, and such label affixed and pasted on every such paper containing such (larch; and such officer or officers shall cause every such label affixed and pasted on every such paper containing (larch to be stamped or sealed, with such (lamp or seal as shall be provided by the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively for that purpose; and if any such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees of (larch, imported or brought into

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. 8. 483

this kingdom, shall neglect or refuse so to remove any such starch, or to deposit the same as aforesaid, or to wrap any such starch in paper as aforesaid, or to tie up any such paper as aforesaid, or to affix or paste any such label as aforesaid, all and every such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the of of9ommi^'^, excise, or the major part of them, in England and Scotland re-cife to8provide spectively, shall provide proper (lamps or seals for the stamping anc| diibibute or sealing the labels affixed or passed on paper containing all lhmps for (larch which shall be imported or brought into this kingdom, labels.

and prepared in pursuance of this act, and shall cause such

(lamps or seals to be distributed to the proper officers of excise

for the purpose before-mentioned; which officers are hereby Officers to do

enjoined and required, in using the same, to do no hurt or

damage, or the lead hurt or damage that may be to the (larch, uiin<* them.

or to the paper wherein the same shall be so wrapped; which

(lamps or seals shall and may be varied, altered, or renewed,

from time to time, as the said commissioners of excise respect

tivety, or the major part of them respectively, shall think fit.

X. And be it further enacted, Thar if any person or persons Persons coun-shall at any time forge or counterfeit any (lamp or seal, to re- ^taring semble any (lamp or seal which shall be provided in pursuance death* of this act, for stamping or sealing (larch imported, or shall an(j persons* counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same upon any felling starch paper containing any (larch, thereby to defraud his Majesty, them, or his heirs or successors, of any of the duties upon starch, then starch every person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form other than

of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in that stamped cases of felony, without benefit of clergy $ and if any person or by the officer, persons shall at any time fell any starch, with any such forged to fQr^clt 2o°l* or counterfeited stamp, seal, or impression thereon, knowing the same to be forged and counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the duties upon starch, or fhati knowingly, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the duties upon starch, fix, or cause to be fixed, the label of any paper stamped or sealed according to the directions of this act, to any starch other than that which was inclosed in such paper, at the time when the label thereof was stamped or sealed by the proper officer or officers of excise, according to the directions of this act, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.* Imported-

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any starch imported starch found

or brought into this kingdom shall be found in any place be- not legally longing to any starch maker, or dealer irv starch, or in

custody or possession of any person or persons to or for the use £*t^ 9

or benefit of any such. maker or makers, or dealer or dealers in packages, and such starch, not being wrapped in paper as aforesaid, or wrapped the persons in in paper which shall be found not stamped or labelled as afore-

1 3 feit aool.

484 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. £ 2. c. 8. [1799.

said, all such starch shall be forfeited, together with all and Angular the casks, chests, cases, bags, or other packages, containing the same $ and such starch, casks, chests, cases, bags, and other packages respectively, shall and may be feixed by any officer*' or officers of the customs or excise; and the starch maker, or dealer in starch, to whom such place shall belong, and also such other person or persons as aforesaid, in whose possession such starch shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

Act not to ex-

XII. Provided always nevertheless. That nothing in this act tcn<| contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to

powder, or ^forfeit any such starch which shall have been imported into this inanufactur- kingdom, nor any such cask, chest, case, bag, or other package ing into hair containing the same, for or by reason of such starch being found powder, or not wrapped in paper stamped or labelled as last aforesaid, such starch °not starch being made into hair powder, or being taken out of the exceeding papers in the possession of any hair powder maker, or blue maker, 281b. taken, for the purpose of immediately manufacturing the same into hair °*ntffel °Ur" P0W(^cr> ornto or any quantity of starch, not exceeding ren a c* twenty-eight pounds weight, in the possession of any dealer in, or feller of, starch, and taken out of the papers for immediate or current sale; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas it may happen, that the paper wherein any Jlarch imported shall be contained after the same has been stamped as aforesaid may by accident be broken or damaged, be it therefore en-Starch legally acted, That when the paper wherein any such starch shall be stamped may contained shall by any accident be broken or damaged, and the k*!*P5jPcrc<* starch maker or dealer in starch, to whom the same belongs, ed when pa- Awdl dpfirous of having the same re-papered and re>stamped, pers are acci- such maker or dealer shall give to the proper officer or officers of dentally da- excise, within whose survey he or she shall be, twenty-four hours maged. notice, in writing, that such maker or dealer desires to have such starch re-papered and re-stamped, that thereupon, and upon the production of such broken paper, with the label, and (lamp or leal thereof, to such officer or officers, and leaving the f3me with him or them, it shall be lawful for such officer or officers being fatbfied that fuefi starch had before been duly stamped or sealed as aforesaid, and that the paper or papers containing the same had been broken or damaged by accident, as soon as is Convenient after the expiration of such twenty-four hours, to re-stamp or re-seal such starch, the same being re-papered and tied, and such label as aforesaid being affixed thereon in manner herein-before directed.

Persons ob-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, if any person or per-stru&ine offi- fon6 q^jj 0bftrU(q or hinder any officer or officers of the customs Qr exc^cn execution of any of the powers and authorities to him or them given by this act, the person or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, (for which no other penalty is by this act imposed), forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii Uf. f. 2. c. 8. 485

XV. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and Recovery and forfeitures created or imposed by this act, and which shall be fi^es^Sed^m-sued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the order or per- by the cuf-mission of the commissioners of the customs in England ard toms.

Scotland respectively, or by any officer or officers of the custom<,

shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways and means and methods, as any fines or penalties incurred, or any goods forfeited for any offence against the laws of customs, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers of the customs concerned in any such seizure or prosecution shall be entided to and receive such share of the produce arising from the seizures, as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importations, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary penalty or composition paid for any offence against this act, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to, upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, Recovery and and forfeitures imposed by this act, and which shall be sued for application of by order of the commissioners of excise in England or Scotland by^he^xcise* respectively, or by any officer or officers of excise, shall be sued

for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who Will inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit Limitation of shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing actions. done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within the space of one calendar month next after the

offence shall be committed; and if such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called England the defendant or defendants, in any such action or suit, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special General (flue matter, in evidence,at any trial to be had thereupon, and that a7 Plead-the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; e mEnElan<i» and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plantifx shall be non* suited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have Treble calls, the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law 5 and if such action or suit be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom such action or suit shall be may be

brought, shall allow the defender to plead this act in his defence, pleaded in

ll a ftndScotland, and

by Vj(T0^2LC

488 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. 11. [1799.

sequence of the loan of eight millions, in the said jirfi recited. aft mentioned) or for or in consequence of the loan of eleven Millions, part of a certain loan of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, raised by an act of the last fiffion of parliament; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-oj^oniM^011 ^ame> That all the monies arising from the said rates

arising under an(* assessments, or from payments at the bank of England, in recited acts. pursuance of or under any of the said recited acts, that have been or shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, which shall remain after the issuing or reserving at the receipt of exchequer such sums as shall be sufficient for the several purposes mentioned in the said recited act passed in the last session of parliament, for explaining and amending the said act of the last session of parliament, for granting certain duties on income^ according to the provisions of the said two last mentioned acts, as far as the said provisions relate to the services voted by the commons for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and to the payment and discharge of all annuities, interest, and dividends, payable in consequence of the said loan of eight millions therein mentioned, shall, from and after the passing of this act, from time to time as the same shall arise and be paid into the receipt of exchequer, be issued and applied either to the services voted by the commons of Great Britain, for the service.of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or shall be voted by the said commons for the service of any subsequent year, not exceeding ten millions in any one year; or for the purpose of carrying to the account of, or to replace to the consolidated fund all such monies as shall have been, or shall hereafter be, issued out of the said consolidated fund, or which shall at any time hereafter be issuable out of the consolidated v fund, for the payment and discharge of ail annuities, interest,

and dividends, which shall have, or shall become payable in consequence of the said loan of eight millions, and of the said loan of eleven millions, herein-before-mentioned j or of any other loan or loans which shall hereafter be charged on the said rates and duties by any act or acts, or for the purchase of publick annuities, to the amount of the publick annuities created on the said two several loans of eight millions and eleven millions respectively, or which may hereafter be created on any other*loan or loans as aforesaid $ and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised and required to issue and apply the same, either for the services of each year successively to the amount yearly as aforesaid, or to the carrying to the account of, or to the replacing to the consolidated fund, all such monies as aforesaid, as they or he shall think most expedient and adviseablej and after applying such part of the said monies as shall be suffi-s eient for the purposes aforesaid, or reserving the same at the

receipt

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. i. c. 12. 489

receipt of exchequer, to apply the surplus of the said monies arising from the said rates, assessments, and duties, in manner directed by the said first recited act of the last session of parliament.

CAP XII.

An act to enable the commissioners of the customs to allow, until the first day of April one thousand eight hundred, British plantation sugars to be warehoused; to revive so much of an ally made in the thirty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the average price of sugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof; and for allowing, until the fifth day of May one thousand eight hundred\ certain drawbacks on sugar exported.

[October 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS from the increased importation of sugar into this kingdom in the present year, and from other circumstances which have recently occurred, the owners and conjignees thereof are utterly unable to find an immediate market for large quantities now on handy and a further importationl to a considerable extent is expelledj and it is therefore expedient that further time should be given for the*payment of duties on such sugar imported, or to be imported into Great Britain after the paying of this ally for which the duties have not already been paid: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and Until April 1, after the passing of this act, and until the first day of April one l8o°* thousand eight hundred, it shall be lawful for the of of Tmtoros1^ of the customs for the time being, ir\ England and Scotland re- may take bond spe&iyely, to take bond to his Majesty from the importer or im- for the duties ^porters, proprietor or proprietors, consigneeL or consignees, ofon any British plantation sugar, for the payment of the duties fng^import-chargeable upon any such sugar imported into any port in Great ed into Great Britain at any time after the passing of this act, or upon any such Britain; sugar in respect whereof such duties shall not have been paid before the passing of this act; and all sugars so bonded as aforesaid ^ncHf

shall be lodged and secured at the foie expence of the importer the duties are or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees'not paid thereof, under the joint locks of his Majesty and such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees fold,

thereof, in such warehouse or warehouses as shall be fit for that purpose, and shall be approved of by the said of of the customs in England or Scotland\ as the case may be* and such sugar shall not be delivered, cleared, or taken from any such warehouse, unless or until the full duties due and payable thereon shall be first paid to the proper officer of the customs \ and if the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees of such sugar shall omit, neglect, or refuse to pay and satisfy all the duties due and payable in respect of

39 Geo. 3. c. 63.

3* Geo. 3. c. 43.

36 Geo. 3. <. 18.

490*Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. 12. [1799.

such sugar within six months from the date of any bond given under this act for the payment of the duties upon such sugar as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the commissioners of the customs in

England and Scotland reflectively, at the expiration of such period as aforesaid, to cause such sugar to be publicity sold to the best bidder, at such places as the said of of the customs in England and Scotland respectively shall think proper, and out of the proceeds of such sale to satisfy such duties, together with all such expences as shall have arisen relating to any such sugar j and the overplus (if any be) shall be paid to the ithporter or importers, prpprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees of such sugar, or such other person or persons as shall be authorised to receive the same.

II. And whereas by an act passed in the last session of parliament for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on sugar imported and exported, and on coffee exported, and for reducing the drawbacks allowed on the exportation of sugary certain provisions of an act passed in the^ thirty fsecond year of the reign of bn present Majesty for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar, and for other purposes, as far as the same related to the ascertaining the average price of sugar in manner in the said act mentioned, or of regulating the allowance of drawback, or the payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar, was repealed: and whereas it is expedient that the full drawback and bounty directed to be withheld by an act of the thirty ffixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and by an act of the la/l fffion cf parliament, foouii be allowed in certain cases: and whereas it thereby becomes necessary that the several provisions of the said act of the thirty fsecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, as far as the Jams relate to the ascertaining the average price of sugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback, or the payment of bounty on the exportation of jit gar y Jloould be revived \ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this as, the said act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, and all the clause'., provisions, powers, authorities, directions, and regulations therein contained, as far as the same or're latm^ate to Pertaining the average price of sugar in the manner the drawback therein mentioned, or of regulating the all6wance of drawback, and bounty on or the payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar, shall exportation of be* and the same are hereby revived, and shall be and remain in sugar, revived. fu]j force during the continuance of this act, except as any such provisions, directions, or regulations are herein altered, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if all the said clauses, provisions, powers, authorities, and di- regions, were repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act; any thing in the said act of the last session of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Until Jan. 5,

III. And be it further euadied. That, from and after the 1800, the passing of this act, ajid until the fifth day of January one thou-? and bounty on ^unc^re^>the whole of the drawbacks and bounty paid

2 Geo. 3. c. 43. as far as relates to ascertaining the averag-

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. or payable on the exportation of sugar, directed to be withheld by the said acts of the thirty-sixth and thirty-ninth years of his present Majesty's reign, shall be paid and allowed in like mariner, in every respect, and subject to ami under and according to the like rules and regulations, as any drawbacks or bounties were paid or allowed before the patting of the act of the last session of parliament; and during all such time as aforesaid, the whole of the duty imposed by an aS of the la ft: section of parliament upon sugar imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and warehoused according to law, and sold at the falcs of the said company, shall, as to all such sugar as shall be exported during the time last aforesaid, be, and the same is hereby wholly discontinued; any thing contained in the said act of the last: section of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if, on the fifth day of January and the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred, it shall appear by notice in The London Gazette^ in manner directed in the said act of the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, that the average prices of brown or Muscovado sugar, taken in the manner directed by the said act made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty for the six weeks preceding, shall not have exceeded seventy shillings for an' hundred weight, inclusive of the duties of customs paid orpayable thereon on the importation into Great Britain, then and in every such case the whole of the drawbacks and bounty paid or payable on the exportation of sugar, directed to be withheld by the said act of the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, and by the said act of the last session of parliament, shall be paid and allowed in like manner, in every respect, and subject to and under and according to the like rules and regulations, as any drawbacks and bounties were paid and allowed before the patting of the said act of the last session of parliament, by any act or acts of parliament, except as any such rules or regulations are altered by this act; and the whole of the duty imposed by an act of the last session of parliament, upon sugar imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and warehoused according to law, and sold at the sales of the said company, shall, upon the delivery thereof out of the warehouses for exportation during the time of any drawbacks or bounties being paid or allowed under this act, be and the same are hereby wholly discontinued; any thing in the said act of the last session of parliament contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That this act shall, as to all the matters and things herein contained relating to the paying and allowing any drawback or bounty, or discontinuing any duty under this act, have continuance until the fifth day of May one thousand eight hundred.

12. 491

sugar directed to be withheld by the recited acts of 36 and 39 Geo. 3. to be allowed; and the duty imposed by the said act of 39 Geo. 3. on lugar imported by the haft India company and warehoused, to be discontinued.

If on Jan 5, and April 5, 1800, the average price of Muscovado sugar, taken as directed by 32 Geo. 3. c. 43. shall not have exceeded 708. per cwt. the drawbacks and bounty withheld by 36 Geo. 3. and 39 Geo. 3. to be paid, and the said duties on sugar imported by the East India company and warehoused, to be discontinued on delivery of the sugar fonexportation.

Continuance of ad, as to drawback or bounty, or discontinuing duty.

49i Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. s. 2. c. 13 — 15* f1799.

CAP. XIII.

An act for allowing further time for the payment of instalments on certain sums of money, advanced by way of loan, to several persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and St. Vincent.

[October xa, 1799.]

CAP. XIV.

M act for empowering his Majesty to the time for the meeting

of parliament in cases of adjournment.

[October 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

37 Geo. 3. c. 1*7.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-/even th year of the

His Majesty may issue his royal procla-

day.

How orders made by par-

eemed^to ment> anc* appointed for the day to which such house of parlia-

withstanding any previous adjournment of the houses of parliament |o any longer day, and notwithstanding any former law, usage, or custom, to the contrary.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the order or orders which shall have been made by either house of parlia-

have been appointed.

meat shall have been adjourned, or to any day or days subsequent thereto, other than and except any order or orders that shall have been specially appointed for particular days by either house of parliament, and declared to be so fixed, notwithstanding any meeting of parliament under this act, and also except any order or orders made under the provisions of any act of parliament, shall be deemed and taken to have been appointed for the day on which the parliament shall meet in pursuance of such proclamation.

CAP. XV.

An act for continuing, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for empowering his Majesty for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services or such

parts of his militia forces ia this kingdom, as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland. — t February 19* 1800.]

reign of his present Majesty, provision is made for empowering his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to shorten the time required for giving notice of the meeting of parliament for the dispatch of bufmess, in the case of a prorogation of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that a like power should be given to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in casts of the adjournment of parliament: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, in ail cases where both houses of parliament shall stand adjourned for more than four-mafion for theteen days from the day of the date of the proclamation herein-meeting of after mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his parliament in heirs and successors, to issue his and their royal proclamation, i^days froAi and with the advice of his and their privy council, thereby the date, not- declaring that the said parliament shall meet on a day, being notwithstanding less than fourteen days from the day of the date of such procla-any previous mation, and the houses of parliament shall thereupon (land ad-to^a longern* journed to the day and place declared in such proclamation, not-

1IM f h ft A vs/I 1 ts/> a 1 Aitr AniAilKMrMArvS /> t»U U /m I r\£ r\ fk.I1

EU

tffr

fc

k'r

h

Cv;

prr'

h

r:

b.

ir

1800.] Anno rejgni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 16 — 18. 493

CAP. XVI.

An act for continuing, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, made in the thirty* seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobe- dience.

[February 19, 1800.]

Cap. XVII.

An act to continue, until the first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and three, an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland; and to continue, until the expiration of forty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament, several laws relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose $ to the authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the enabling his Majesty to permit goods to be imported into tins kingdom in neutral ships. —

[February 19, 1800.]

CAP. XVIII.

An nft to prohibit, until the expiration of fix we eh after the commencement of the next session of parliament, any person or per font from felling any bread which shall not have been baked a certain time.

[February 20, iSoo.j

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to reduce at much as pojfble at the

present moment the conftmption of wheat four: and whereat it appears that a confulerable saving would ari/ey if bread was prohibited from being fold until it had been baked a certain time: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any baker or other Persons refid-person or persons, residing within the cities of London and West- ing in London minster, and the bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the ^arufSe1" Royal Exchange, after the twenty-sixth day of February one thou- of mor-> sand eight hundred, or residing in any other part of Great Britain, tality, &c. after the fourth day of March one thousand eight hundred, to after Feb.$f fell, or offer or expose to sale, any bread, until the same shall have been baked twenty-four hours at the least; and every baker^MJSrh4, or other person or persons who shall act contrary hereto, or offend not to fell, or herein, shall for every offence forfeit and pay the sum of five expose to sale, pounds for every loaf of bread so fold, offered, or exposed to sale; which penalty shall and may be recovered before any one baked^n* or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, penalty of 5!, city, or place where the offence shall be committed, upon the for each loaf, oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath Penalty to be such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered to adminif-

ler)»and divided

between the informer and the poor of the parish.

No person, where any assize shall have been duly put in execution, to be liable to any penalty for selling bread under the weight prefer']bed by law*provided the deficiency be not more than in the proportion of fix ounces in the peck loaf. Act may be altered this session.

Continuance of ad.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 19, [1800.

ter), one moiety whereof shall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall be committed; and if the said penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the said penalty to be levied by distress andfale of the goods and chattels of the party offending, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, after deducting the said penalty, and the costs and charges of taking and making such distress and sale.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every place or places where any assize of bread shall have been ordered by the chief magistrates or justices of the peace of such place or places, and shall have been duly put in execution, no baker, or other person or persons, shall be subject or liable to any penalty or forfeiture for felling any bread under the weights prescribed by law: provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt an^ such baker or other person or persons from any such penalty or forfeiture, where the weight of the peck loaf shall be deficient more than fix ounces, and so in proportion for any other loaf of bread; any thing in any former act contained to the contrary notwith-ft an ding.

III. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act to be passed in this session of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force until die expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices.and employments j and to indemnity justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to redder or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those pm poles, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eigi.t hundred; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose ad millions have been omitted to be damped according to Lav, or having been stamped, have been loft or tnhl.iid, and for allowing: them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred, to provide admissions duly llamped* to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file afiulavits of the execution of mdentuies of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Jviichaeimns term one thousand eight hundred; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the mdlia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred.

[February 20, 1800.]

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 20. 495

; rr: ^'

iiv

: !: oh

te

jir.:

a' s-dr: v, irr: t. -A*

:; cX>

l; W'

t&*

cT-1"

rJl-

b?

CAP. XX.

An act for further continuing until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for further continuing, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.' — [February 28, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was passed on the twentieth day of May

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, intituled An 39 Geo. 3. act for further continuing until the first day of March one thou- c. 44» sand eight hundred, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, c An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and governmentwhich aft was to continue in force until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred, and no longer: and whereas it is necessary for the publick safety that the provisions of the said act passed on the twentieth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, should be continued: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every person who shall be in prison Persons ira-within the kingdom of Great Britain at or upon the day on 5°r

which this act shall receive his Majesty's royal assent, or at any^mrae* time after that day, by warrant of his said Majesty's most detained till honourable privy council, signed by fix of the said privy council, Feb. i, 1801* or by warrant signed by any of his Majesty's principal secreta- &c* ries of state, for high treason, suspicion of treason, or treasonable practices, may be detained in safe custody, without bail or mainprize, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and one; and that no judge or justice of the peace shall bail or try any such person so committed, without order from his said Majesty's privy council, signed by fix of the said privy council, until the said first day of February one thousand eight hundred and one; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the act made in Scotland -- in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, for prevl7n°iag intituled An act for preventing wrongous dmprisonment, andagainjl wrongous im-undue delays in trials, in so far as the same may be construed to prisonment, so relate to cases of treason and suspicion of treason, be suspended [otrea-until the said first day of February one thousand eight hundred and fo£ fuf.- one; and that until the said day no judge, justice of the peace, pended till or other officer of the law in Scotland, shall liberate, try, or Feb. 1, 1801, admit to bail, any person or persons that is, are, or shall be, in &c* prison within Scotland, for such causes as aforesaid without order \ VOL. XLII. K K fronr^nalp;

ft by

496 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. ao.

[1S00.

from his said Majesty's privy council, signed by fix of the From Feb. i, said privy council.

committed to Provided always, That, from and after the said first day

have The bene- of February one thousand eight hundred and one, the said per-fit of all laws fons so committed shall have the benefit and advantage of all providing for jaws and statutes any way relating to or providing for the liberty Jbe S of the subject of this realm.

See. J*IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Privileges of this a ft shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient parliament, rights and privileges in parliament, or to the imprisonment or not invalidated detaining of any member of either house of parliament, during y Hus ad.^fating of such parliament, until the matter of which he (lands suspected be first communicated to the house of which he is a member, and the consent of the said house obtained for his commitment or detainer.

Persons against V. Provided nevertheless, That any person or persons in prison at the time of passing this act, against whom any bill or high treason. b*?rKl^ment for high treason have been already found, are already shall and may be tried on such indictment, as if this act had never found, to be passed.

tried thereon. Vf. And whereas divers persons are now in custody on charges of high treason, suspicion of high treason, and treasonabU practices, under warrants from one of his Majestfs principal secretaries of state, and who have been secured and detained in custody under the authority of the said recited acts\ and it may be highly important that such persons as have been or shall be secured and detained on such charges, under the authority of the said recited aUs or of this atly should be kept wholly separate and apart from each other, so as to prevent all communication between them and with other persons, except such communication, as his Majesty may think fit to permit, and under such refir iSiions as may be adviseable \ and it has been found by experience to be very difficult to keep such persons separate as afore-fetid) and to prevent such communication as aforesaid, without fending such persons to different places of confinement; and doubts moy arise how far the powers of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, to change the places of confinement of persons so committed extends, and it is expedient to provide that the same shall not be so exercised as to deprive the persons so committed of any right to be v tried or discharged, which they might respectively have had if their reffective places of confinement had not been changed: now to ob-The secretary Vla*e doubts and difficulty in respect thereof) be it further enacted ofitatemay and declared, That it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty's order persons principal secretaries of state, as he shall see occasion, to or&r committed for any person committed to any gaol, or other prison, on any charge a to be re- high treason, suspicion of high treason, or treasonable prie-rooved to any tices, either before or after indictment found, to be conveyed other gaol. to and detained in any other gaol or other prison, until dif-Persons so re- charged by due course of law, and to issue all warrants necessary moved not to for (uqh purposes: provided always nevertheless, That no per-be son who shall be removed by any such warrant as aforesaid,

tned or dif- shall be> ty means of such removal, deprived of such right to charged. 1*

IbieJ

Ktipei

Qir&j

I)

per

; r!

ti

A>;

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georg 1IIIJ. c. 20. 497

it be tried or discharged, as such person would by law have been entitled to if not so removed; and in every case in which any f-j: such person would have been entitled to have been tried or dif-

[^30 charged if such person had continued in the gaol or prison to

pj; which such person was before committed, it Stall be lawful for

5£[Sjr such person to apply to be bailed or discharged, in the same manner as such person might have done if such person had re-^' mained in the gaol or prison to which such person was before committed as aforesaid.

VII. And whereas in the disiurbed state of the kingdom of Ire-)f^land, it has been found necessary to fend divers persons who had been

S': A; committed to prison in Ireland on charges of high treason, suspicion

'ltK of high treason, or treasonable prafiices, to Great Britain for safe'custody, and for the purpose of preventing improper intercourse between such persons and other persons engaged, or suspected of being engaged,

U in the like treasons or treasonable pra Pices; and it may be found 4 ,

ij expedient to fend other persons to Great Britain under like dr cum- Persons sent

fiances\ be it enacted, That every person who hath been Tent [o°Qr^ to Great Britain as aforesaid, before the passing of this act, and |°jn for fyfc*every person who, after the passing of this shall be sent to custody, may^Great Britain for safe custody, by order of the lord lieutenant be detained in '"ft or governor general, or other chief governor or chief governors*

{ft of Ireland, and of fix or more of his Majesty's privy council of the said kingdom, shall and may be detained in custody in this provided they ft) kingdom, in such place of safe custody, as to his Majesty shall are charged ft') seem fit; provided such person shall be charged with high trea- Wish h»gh

son, suspicion of high treason, or treasonable practices, by war- ty warran^of p rant under the hand and seal of one of his Majesty's principal a (ecretary of ft, secretaries of state. state.

VIII. Provided always nevertheless. That no person shall be But no per-detained as aforesaid, so as to prevent the trial or discharge of (h*1* be^such person in due course of law, whenever such person shall, to prevent his 'ft, by the law of Ireland* be entitled to such trial or discharge; trial or dif-: f /' but in all cases in which any person so detained would 'by the charge when

law of Ireland, if in custody in that kingdom, be entitled to be cnt*"e£ there-

tried or discharged, it shall be lawful for such person to apply to of Irelaml the court of king's bench in England, or to any judge of that court, or to the court of justiciary in Scotland, or to any judge Y of that court to be discharged; and if it shall appear to such court, or to such judge, that such person, if in custody in lrt- land, would be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be^ f lawful for such court or such judge to order such person to

be discharged, or to be sent to Ireland to be dealt with accord-

' ing to law.

IX. And whereas many persons engaged in the late rebellion in

\ Ireland, and in other treasonable pr a Pices there, have fled from Ireland, and are now in Great Britain; and other persons may come; from Ireland to Great Britain under the like circumstances; and it maybe expedient not only to arrest such persons for the purpose of fending them to Ireland to be tried for such offences7 but also to ft- cure and detain such persons in Great Britain until they can he

K K 2 D properly

1

498 Anno regni quadragesimo, Georgii III. c. 21, 22. [1800.

The secretary properly sent to Ireland to be tried or discharged in due course of order^ersons ^aw: lt ^urt^er enacted, That it shall be lawful for one of

in custody for his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, by warrant under his high treason, hand and seal, to order any person who shall be in custody upon &c. com- any charge of high treason, suspicion of high treason, or trea-hn^tobe* f°na^e practices, done or committed in Ireland, to be secured detained in or detained in Great Britain until such person can be properly Great Britain, sent to Ireland, to be tried or discharged in due course of law. But no person X. Provided always nevertheless, That no person shall be shall be de- detained as aforesaid so as to prevent the trial or discharge of tained foasto fa^ in due course of law, whenever such person shall by

trial or dif- t*ie ^aw of Ireland be entitled to such trial or discharge; but in charge when all cases in which any person so detained would by the law of entitled there- Ireland, if in custody in that kingdom, be entitled to be tried to by the law or discharged, it shall be lawful For such person to apply to the o Jre and cour^ of king's bench in England, or to any judge of that court, or to the court of justicjary in Scotland, or to any judge of that court, to be discharged; and if it shall appear to such court or to such judge that such person, if in custody in Ireland, would be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be lawful for such court or such judge to order such person to be discharged, or to be sent to Ireland to be dealt with according to law.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force until the said first day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

Act may be altered or repealed this session. Continuance of act.

Most gracious Sovereign,

I-; h

Z, r

ft: c v

-: \ t

T

fl

ir, '-

2?

C. 2(

*'C

": 'fl

CAP. XXL

An act to continue, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an act, made in this present session of parliament, to prohibit the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, or other sort of grain, or from meal, flour, or bran, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[February 18, 1800.]

; ii

; i

; i 'a

'? I,

CAP. XXII.

An act for raising the sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.

[March 10, 1800].

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the i

commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved that the sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds be raised by annuities, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moit excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 22. 499

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Every contri-every contributor towards raising the said sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall, for every one hun- to aeprincipaI cired pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal of xool. and sum of one hundred pounds, in consolidated annuities, after 10l. in the the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and to an addi- ^JP^cent^ tional principal sum of ten pounds in like annuities; and also to a principal of a further principal sum of forty-seven pounds in reduced an- 47]. in the nuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, 3 Pc* cent, redeemable by parliament; the said several consolidated reduced, annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred; and the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that the said consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the said reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum respectively, in respect of each one hundred pounds so to be contributed as aforesaid, shall be payable and transferrable at the bank of England; and the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum., shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year.

II. And whereas, pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions exfrejfed in the said resolution, several persons have, in bocks opened at the bank of England for that purpose, subscribed together the whole of the said sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities; and made deposits of ten pounds per centum an the respective sums by them so subscribed to the said sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities, with the cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be Contributors lawful to and for such contributors, who have made such de- who have posits with the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company ^a^ey th re-S of the bank of England, (which cashier or cashiers is and arc m^nderof hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such contribu- subscriptiana tions, without any other warrant to be had in that behalf,) tobyinftaU advance and pay unto the said cashier or cashiers of the governor ment8* and company of the bank of England, the several remainders of the sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to say). The further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the eighteenth day of April one thousand eight hundred; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the sixteenth day of May then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum,

K K 3 \9jpOg IV-

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1800.

on or before the twentieth day of June then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the eighteenth day of July then next following 5 the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-second day of August then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the nineteenth day of September then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the Seventeenth day of Oflohcr then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-first day of No? vember then next following; and the remaining sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twelfth day of December then next following.

III. And whereas for the convenience of his Majesty's service, a sum in promissory notes of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, payable to bearer on demand, and in bank pq/l bills of tit fold governor and company of the bank of Ireland, which, at the rate of exchange of one hundred and nine pounds and ten shillings per centum is equal to two hundred thousand pounds sterling, has been paid to and deposited with the cojhlers of the governor and com-pauy of the bank of England, cn account of the said deposit of ten pounds per centum upon the said loan of twenty millions five hurt-Promtffory dred thousand pounds, be it enacted, That the said promissory hU^oAl'e0^ notes anc* bank post bills of the said governor and company of bank of Ire- the bank of Ireland of the value of two hundred thousand land, dypo- pounds sterling, at the said rate of exchange, so received by the jited with the cashiers of the bank of England in part of the said deposit as land* to hr re- a^orc*a^> shall be received at the receipt of his Majesty's ex-ceived at the chequer, from the said cashiers, ar the said rate of exchange, in exchequer. part of payment of the sums received by them on account of the said deposit.

The treasury

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-ntay authorise fui for the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time receive*such being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer promiflay for the time being, if they or he shall think fit, to authorise and notes amt post empower the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of b lls in pay- t}le bank of England, upon the receipt of any subsequent payment or instalment of the said loan of twenty millions 6ve hundred

imULmentSf % r \ 1 c "«r

which shall be thousand pounds, to receive in part of payment thereof in notes

received at the of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, payable to

exchequer. bearer on demand, and in the bank post bills of the said gover-

' nor and company of the bank of Ireland, any sum or sums not exceeding in value, at such rate of exchange as the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall lix, the sum of two

hundred thousand pounds sterling, upon or in part of any one

payment or instalment; and which said promissory notes and bank

post bills of the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland,

received under such authority, and not exceeding the amount

herein-before mentioned, shall be received at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer from the cofhiers of tire bank of England (at the same rate of exchange at which they shall be received by such

cashiers), in part of payment of the sums which shall be received

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 22. 501

by them for the future or subsequent payments or inrtalments upon the said loan, Q,

V. And be it further enacted, That such notes shall be deemed bedeem-

sufficient payments on account of any warrant, order, or draught ed sufficient for the purpose of remitting to Ireland any part of any monies payment on which have been granted to.his Majesty in this session of parlia- account of ment for his Majesty's service in Ireland. fo/r7mitting

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said governor and to Ireland company of the bank of England\ or their cashiers, shall not, in monies grant-any manner, be answerable or responsible for the payment of the?1* for

said promissory notes and bank post bills that have been, or ervice

be received by them as the promissory notes and bank post bills Bank'not an-of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, nor for any fwerable for. loss that shall or may be sustained in consequence of any such the payment promissory notes or bank poll bills being forged or counterfeited, of ^uchf>n^t^.s unless the cashier or cashiers receiving the same, at the rime of^P° bl^such receipt thereof, knew the same to be forged and counterfeited.

VII. And whereas the governor and company of the lank of England are possessed of certain exchequer bills, made out by virtue of an act passed in the last session of parliamentf intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of three millions, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, amounting in the whole to the sum of one million five hundred and fifty five thousand pounds;

be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bank may pay said governor and company of the bank of England to pay in the exchequer whole of the said exchequer bills towards the said loan, at the possess|oneir several times, and in the proportions following; (that is to say), made out un-Any of the said exchequer bills to the amount of five hundred der 39 Geo. 3. eighteen thousand three bunded and thirty-three pounds on the F*8- ^or f second instalment of the said loan, payable on the eighteenth Ihcban" 8 day of April one thousand eight hundred; any of the said exchequer bills to the amount of five hundred eighteen thousand three hundred and thirty-three pounds on the third instalment of the said loan, payable on the sixteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred; and the sum of five hundred eighteen thousand three hundred and thirty-four pounds, being the remainder of the said sum of one million five hundred and fifty-five thousand pounds, on the fourth instalment of the said loan, payable on the twentieth day of June one thousand eight hundred; and all such exchequer bills shall be received in discharge of such parts of the said loan as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Guardians lawful for any guardian or trustee, having the disposition of the subscribe money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards ad-tomfant8* vancing the said sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in respect thereof, in such

K K 4, r^Pfhale

by

5°2

Discount to be allowed on payment of the whole of the subscript-tions in advance.

Contributors entitled to certain annuities, which shall be paid half-yearly, but not till lublcriptions are completed.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c.nl [1800.

and the like manner as any other contributor 5 and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every contributor paying in the whole of the sums by them respectively subsenbed in respect of the said sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be contributed as aforesaid, at any time on or before the twentieth day of November one thousand eight hundred, shall be entitled to an allowance of so much money as the interest of each sum so paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution respectively shall amount unto, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the same, to the twelfth day of December one thousand eight hundred; which allowance is to be paid by the said cashieror cashiers out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have completed such payment.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, in respect of the said sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall be entitled to an annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, for every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them respectively advanced and paid; and also to an annuity, after the like rate of three pounds per centum, in respect of the said additional principal sum of ten pounds, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred, until redemption by parliament in manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid to a further annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, in respect of the additional principal sum of forty-seven pounds, from foe tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until redemption by parliament in manner herein after Mentioned; which said respective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum respectively, shall be payable and paid, half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to say). The said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year; the first payment upon the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred, and on the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred; but shall not be payable until the respective subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed the whole of the

iioc

i hi Hi

tan, foil [5;

'41 pij

foipi

fe-

te*

&!t

j kf

r»&

Xi!

tredit

pre

he

*5'.r -

Pi h k 1

it

E»'

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 22. 503

the sums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said annuities. '

XI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any contri- As soon as butors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, fuhscription* shall have completed their payments of such part of the whole the^ma/be*sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of twenty transferred, millions five hundred thousand pounds, as shall be payable in respect of the several consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centumy to which they respectively shall become entitled, in respedi of such subscriptions, the principal sum or sums in the said consolidated annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors; their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, completing such payments respectively; and as soon as such contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed the payments of such part of the whole sum payable by them respectively'towards the said sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, as shall he payable in respetft of the said reduced annuities, after the rare of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, the principal sum or sums in the said reduced annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England^ placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, completing such payments 5 and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any parr, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England \ and the said governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this act, to prepare proper books for the purpose of entering the names of all such contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal sums so paid by them respectivelyj and that such of the said contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, who shall complete the payments of such parts of the whole sum payable by them respectively, towards the said sum of twenty, millions five hundred thousand pounds, as shall be payable in respect of any or either of the said respective annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England shall have prepared their receipts according to the directions of this act, shall be entitled to have the sums so paid forthwith placed 10 their credit in the books of the bank of England; and the said governor and company are hereby required to cause such sums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the persons entitled to the annuities in respect thereof, in the books of the said bank of England\ and such entries in the said books shall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be given for all sums paid in manner aforesaid; and such sums shall carry the consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said

reduceAIp

5° 4

Contributor* paying the whole of their

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1800.

reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, respectively, redeemable by parliament; and shall respectively, be taken and deemed to be flock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption thereof, in such manner as is herein after mentioned,

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their subscriptions executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, who shall have as herein spe- paid into the hands of the said cashier or cashiers the whole of to be his, her, or their contribution money, in respect to the said re-nuiues^at°cer^"duced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per tain periods. -annum, on or before the second day of April one thousand eight hundred, shall be entitled to have and receive on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred, at the bank of England, the half year's annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, that shall become due on the said fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred, and that all and every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their executors, administrators, fucceSors, and assigns, who shall have paid into the hands of the said caihicr or cashier«, the whole of his, her, or their contribution money in respect to the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, on or before the second day of July one thousand eight hundred, shall be entitled to have and receive, on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred, at the bank of England, the half year's annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, that shall become due on the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred} and that all and every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, who shall have paid into the hands of the said caftiier or cashiers, the whole of his, her, or their contribution money in respect of the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, on or before the seventh day of October one thousand eight hundred, shall be entitled to have and receive, on the tenth*day of October one thousand eight hundred, at the bank of England, the year's annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, that shall become due on the said tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred; and that all and every person or persons who shall not have completed the whole of their said payments, on or before the said second day of April one thousand eight hundred, or the said second day of July one thousand eight hundred, or the said seventh day of October one thousand eight hundred; shall, on completing the same within the time in this act prescribed, be entitled to receive the year's annuity, on each of the said several annuities by this act granted, or to be granted, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred, respectively as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of this act. myaWe^and

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities transferrabte aforesaid shall be payable and paid, and be transferable, at the at the bank. bank

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 22. 505

bank of England; and shall be subject to such redemption as is herein after mentioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That of the said loan of Upon what twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, all annuiries,

interest, and dividends which shall or may become payable intere^ are to* respect of the sum of seven millions, part of the find loan of be chargeable, twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the consolidated fund; and that the annuiries created on the sum of thirteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, the remaining part of the said loan of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, and all the annuities, interest, and dividends which shall or may become payable in respect of the said sum of thirteen millions five hundred thousand pounds shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of the monies arising from the rates, duties, and assessments granted by or from payments at the bank of England\ in pursuance of or under an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war, together with the duties granted by another act of the same session, for granting new and additional duties on goods imported and exported, and for other purposes; and also together with the duties granted by another act passed in the last session of parliament, for granting certain duties upon income: provided always, That in case the monies arising out of the said Tates, duties, assefl-ments, and payments, which shall be from time to time paid into the receipt of the exchequer, shall not be sufficient for the payment and discharge of the annuities, interest, and dividends which shall and may become payable in respect of the said sum of thirteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, in manner and at the times in this act mentioned for the payment of the annuities, interest, and dividends on the said loan, or in case the said rates, duties, and assessments should at any time hereafter cease and determine, then and in every such case, the said annuities, interest, and dividends, or such part thereof as shall not be paid artd satisfied out of the monies arising from the said rates, duties, and assessments, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of the consolidated fund.

XV. And, for the more easy and sure payment of all the several annuities established by this atl, be it further enacted, That the Bank to ap-said governor and company of the bank of England, and their point a cashier successors, shall, from time to time, until all the said annuities

shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more sufficient and the trea-person or persons, within their office in the city of London, to fury to order be their chief or first caftlier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person, within the same office, to be their accountant general; °or e and that so much of the monies by this act appropriated for the payment of purpose, as shall be sufficient from time to time to answer the the annuities* said several and respective annuities, and other payments, herein

dircac^g]

5°6 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1800.

directed to be made out of the said monies, shall, by order of the of ot* the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective clays of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said first: or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, for the time being, by way of imprest and upon account, for the payment of the said several and respective annuities payable by virtue of this act; and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said money shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time without delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer; and that the said accountant general for the time being shall from time to time inspect and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

Cashiet to

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the: cashier or cashiers

forCfubfciTt8 ^: e governor and company of the bank of England, who shall

tions^ which have received, or shall receive, any part of the said contributions may be assign- towards the said sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand ed before pounds, shall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every such Nov. ao, 1800. contributor for all such sums; and that the receipts to be given shall be assignable by indorsement thereupon made, at any time before the twentieth day of November one thousand eight hun-Cafhicrtogive jre(j^ an(j no longer: provided always, That such cashier or pTying^the1* cashiers shall give security to the good liking of any three or money here- more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer ceives into the for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the reexchequer. cejpt of hj9 Majesty's exchequer, for the publick use, all the monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in them reposed, and shall from time to time pay all such monies as foot! as* he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the farthest, into and shall account for the same in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof, deducing the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act, for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

A book to be

XVII. And be it enacted, That in the office of the accountant accountant Senera^ of the governor and company of the bank of England veneral'8 of- for the time being, a book or books shall be provided and kept, lice, foren- in which the names of the contributors shall be fairly entered; tering contri-which book or books the said respective contributors, their re-a^du1 licateCS>Pe<^ve executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall whereof to be anc* may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort transmitud to to and inspect without any fee or charge; and that the said accountant

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 22. 507

countant general shall, on or before the fifth day of July one the auditor of thousand eight hundred and one, transmit an srttcfted duplicate, the exche-fairly written on paper, of the said book or books into the office ^uer* of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, £here to remain for ever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That such contributors, Contributors duly paying the whole sum so subscribed at or before the respect d^lly

tive times in this act limited in that behalf, and their respective ^fedT executors, administrators, ftjccessors, and assigns shall have, re- to annuities ceive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this a«5f to have, re- tax free, ceive, and enjoy, the said several annuities, by this act granted in respect of the |um so subscribed, oujt of the monies granted and appropriated in this session of parliament for payment thereof, and shall have good^and sure interests and estates therein, according to tj>e several provisions in this act contained, and that ths said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

XIX. Provided always, That in case any such contributors who Subscription*

have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to the said ca- Pai.d in Pai*

/i_* £.r c r t r/.*, and not com-

Ihier or cashiers any sum or sums of money at the time and m pietea, to be

the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums forfeited, so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said cashier or cashiers, the residue of the sum or sums so subscribed, at the times and in the manner before mentioned, thenand in every such case so much of the respective sum or sums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuiries after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per cen-tumper annum respectively, in respect thereof, shall be extinguished; any thing in this a£ contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall Annuities to be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of the be

said sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Treasury may ful for three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the aPPI3r

high treasurer for the time being, to iifueand apply from time to [he^exche-" ° time all such sums of money as shall be so paid into the receipt qUer. of his Majesty's exchequer by the said cashier or cashiers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That book9-shall be constantly Accountant kept by the said accountant general for the time being, wherein f^p^ooksfor all a(figun>cnts or transfers of all sums advanced or contributed enteringtranfc.

towards serg. 1

5°3 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1800.

towards the said sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall be entered and registered; which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing under his or their hand and seal or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses: and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method ofassigning and transferring the said annuities, or any part - thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law: Prov*ded always, That all persons possessed of any share or in-v # terest in either of the said (locks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by will* in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses $ but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until so much of the said will as relates to such share, estate, or interest, in the said (locks of annuities be entered in the said office-, and that in default of such" transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest, in the said docks liable to fta'mp annuides, shall g° tohe executors, administrators, successors, duties. P and assigns; and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers 5 any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

defrayUmc^ay

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out dental expen- of the monies arising from the contributions towards raising the cesoutot con- said sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds by an-tributions, nuiries, any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, rie8 totlheca- or x^e high treasurer for the time being, shall have power todif-ihier and ac- charge all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the ex-countant ge- ecution of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and neral. reasonable- and also to settle and appoint such allowances

as shall be thought proper for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions 5 and also shall have power to make, out of the consolidated fund, such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains, and labour of the said camier or cashiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act $ and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant general, for performing the trust re poled in him by this act; allwhich allowances to be made as

aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the life and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their dispofa! only.

The 3l. per

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to cent, con fols. which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this to^added^o m of any sum advanced or contributed towards the

the joint stock ^a, c^ (hm of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, on of 3). percent, which the said annuities first mentioned, after the rate of three coufoU. pounds per centum per annumy shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferable at the bank of England

into

ib.] mo will

three pc 1 teen tbny-tl bad, toed btore ! bit 1

kUij tsesnn tttrvp

too to 1 Wore!

1 '^?oi bej;

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 22. 509

into which the several Aims carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy were, by several acts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent acts, consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice as in the said act made in the twenty-fifth year of his laid late Majesty's reign, is directed in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act; and that all and every person and persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rates aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to which The 3l. per any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this act, to be adde^m in reiped of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said sum the joint stock of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, on which the said of 3l. percent-annuity last mentioned, after the rate of three pounds per centum per reduced, annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, which by an act made in

the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annumy to three pounds^r centum perannum, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subjednevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the several acts by which the said annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were respectively granted, are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he,

Ihe, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and fbare in the said joint stock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Persons coun-fons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged terfeiting re-or counterfeited, or shall willingly ad or assist in the forging or £rj£, 8t^8c^ counterfeiting any receipt or receipts, for the whole of, or any guilty*of part or parts of, the said contributions towards the said sum of felony, twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure, or -word therein, or utter or publish, as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent todefraud the governor and company of the bank of ingland, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid,

being

vjit.

510 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1800.

being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit

of clergy.

nue acoTo

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the r^tion^U the" governor and company of the bank of England, \ and their annuities successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their hereby grant- own funds, in pursuance of theadls for establishing the same, or any edCeaie. of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this act, until all the annuities by this act granted (half be redeemed by parliament as aforesaid; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

No fee to be

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or ctivinRcontri- gratultY whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his but ions, or Majesty's subjects, for receiving or paying the said subscription or

paying or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt concern-transferring ing the same, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them,

naity^f 10l. or ^or an^ trans^er any 6reat or fniall, to be made in^y'pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at M'ejhninster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, ot wager of law, injunction or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed. Persons sued

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-

ge^ralWue6 ^ons or prosecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this aeft and the special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given Treble costs. against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excift on British and foreign spirits, and tea.

[March 10, 1800.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 23. 511

unto your Majesty, the several additional rates and duties of excise herein respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common?, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Duties in same, that there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to levied" and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon anfj*the several goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities, men- backs in sche-tioned and described in the schedule marked (A.) hereunto an- dule (B.) al-nexed, the several sums of money and duties of excite, as they l°wcd. are respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in the said schedule; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respetf of goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities, for or in respect whereof any duty of excise is by this act imposed, to the; several persons entitled to the same, the drawbacks of excise, as the same are also inserted, described, and set forth, in the schedule marked (B.) hereunto annexed; and also all such special allowances as are particularly directexi by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this act; and the Commence-fame respectively shall commence and take effect from the re- ment of duties, spectivedays mentioned in the said schedules, in cases where special dates are inserted therein, and in cases where no such date is inserted, from the day on which this act shall receive the royal assent.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the duties of ex- Duties to be cife by this act imposed, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain under the ma-called England, shall be under the management of the committi-

oners of excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as oners of excise shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be tin- in England der the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland an^ Scotland for the time being; and shall be accounted for, cleared oft', paid, rc pe^tive laiisfied, and discharged, by the person and persons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, payment, satisfaction, or dischatge thereof, at such time and times, and in such manner, as the duties of excise, chargeable upon the like goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities respectively, or upon any person or persons for or in respect thereof, were, by any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the patting of this att, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, or discharged.

III. And wtereas contracts or agreements may have been made before the twenty sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, by importers or dealers in foreign spirits, and by distillers and makers

of[pints, for such spirits respectively, to be delivered after the said tiaen- \-ybere con-ty sixth day ^/'February one thousand eight hundred; be it therefore tracts have enacted, That such importers or dealers, and such distillers and been made be-makers respectively, delivering such spirits after the said twenty- ^rerf Cq sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, in pursuance ^iivery'o^ of such contracts, shall be allowed to add so much money as spirits after will be equivalent to the duties by this act imposed, for or in thit day, the respect of such spirits respectively to the price thereof, and shall Vox. XLII- L l rbec* 0 c

price.

Duties and drawbacks to be levied and allowed according to, and the goods See. to be sub-

Duties and drawbacks on specifick quantities, to apply proportionally to greater or less quantities.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 23.

[1800. t

be entitled by virtue of this act to be paid for the same ac- I cordingly. U

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several furasof I

money respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.) as the duties of excise, and the drawbacks of the duties of excise, set forth in the said r schedule marked (B.), upon the several goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities inserted therein, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed in such and the like manner, and ia j-, or by any or either of the general means, ways, or methods, by ./ which the former duties of excise respectively and drawbacks oif^duties of excise respectively, or by anyoreither of the special means, ways, or methods respectively, by which the former duties of excise

respectively, and drawbacks of duties of excise respectively, upon goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities of the same forts or kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, an-.fwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed; and the goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities, so by this act re-'J spectively made liable to the payment of, or chargeable with the^duties of excise, or so entitled to drawbacks of duties of excise,

as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said sche- i doles hereunto annexed, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restric- " tions, and forfeitures, to which goods, wares, merchandize, or: commodities in general, and also ail and every the special condi- ( tions, rules, regulations, restrictions, and forfeitures respectively, to which the like goods, wares, and merchandize respectively, were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act, respecting the duties of excise; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, as well pains of death as others, for any offence whatever committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the parting »f this act, made for securing the revenue of excise, or for the regulation or improvement thereof; and the several clauses, powers, anddi. redions therein contained shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and J put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties of excise, and drawbacks of duties of excise, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where duties are imposed, or drawbacks allowed by this act on any specifick quantity of goods, wares, or merchandize, the same shall in ever}' case be understood, and deemed and taken to apply in the same proportion and after the same rate to any greater or less quantity than such specifick quantity.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 23. 513

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the money arising by Duties to be the duties by this a Ci imposed (the necessary charges of raising pah* into and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be^corned to paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster \ consolidated and the said monies so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as fund, aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the anddeemedan

monies arising or to arise by the said rates and duties, or any of addition to them, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the pur- f0r defraying pose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan the increased made, or (lock created or to be created by virtue of any act or charge occa-acts passed or to be passed in this session of parliament; and that honed by any the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, 1 1§

be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at lVefl-

minster, distinCUy and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying fijeh increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this aCi may be Act may be

altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be passed in this this session of parliament. lcihon-

SCHEDULES to which this act refers.

(A.)

SPIRITS.

FOR every gallon of fermented wort or walh, which shall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, for extracting spirits for home consumption from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same, or which shall have been so brewed or made, and which shall nof have been actually distilled into spirits on or before the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred - -» -.

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other waft or liquor, which shall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from any fort or kind of Brhish materials, (except such as are before-mentioned), or from any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, or which

t L 2 ftali

O O

5*4 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1800.

shall have been so brewed or made, and which shall £* S. not have been actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred - o 0 I

For every gallon of fermented wort or wash, which shall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, which shall be actually distilled into spirits on or before the first day of June one thousand eight hundred, or which shall have been brewed or made, and which shall not have been actually distilled into spirits on or before the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred - 0 0 I For every gallon of fermented wort or wash, which shall be brewed or made in'that part of Great Britain called England, from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, after the first day of June one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be brewed or made, and which shall not be, or shall not have been actually distilled into spirits on or before the said first day of June one thousand eight hundred - 0 0 For every gallon of wash, which shall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for extraCling spirits for home consumption, or which shall have been so brewed or made, and which shall not have been actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred - - - 0 0 2

For every one hundred and twenty gallons of wash, which sir William Bishop, Argles Bishop, and George Bishop, or the survivors cr survivor of them, shall produce from a weight of malt or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds; or which by them, or the survivors or survivor of them, shall have been so produced, and which shall not have been actually^distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-fixrh day of February one thousand eight hundred - 0 2 8} For every galion, English wine measure, of spirits of a strength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, or which shall have been so made or manufactured, and which shall have been so imported or brought, after the twenty-sixth

day

5*5

1800.] Anno vegni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. '23.

day of February one thousand eight hundred, or £. s. d, which shall be so imported or brought - - 0 0 St

For every galion, English wine measure, of such spirits which shall have been imported or brought from that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ into that part of Great Britain called England^ and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been so imported or brought, or in any lighter, boat, or other veifef after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand, an excise duty of - Q o 5*

For every galion, English wine measure, of such spirits of a greater strength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that $[ part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, or which shall have been so made or manufactured, and which shall have been so imported or brought after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be imported or brought, an additional duty in proportion to the surplus strength.

For every galion, English wine measure, of such spirits of a greater strength than that of one to ten I ' over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three par centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, which shall Have been imported or brought from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be found in any ship or veiled in which the same shall have been so imported or brought, or in any lighter, boar, or other vessel, after the unftiipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, an additional duty in proportion to the surplus strength, to t be paid by the importer or proprietor, as the case i may require, upon demand.

j For every gallon of single brandy, which shall be I imported into Great Britain, or which shall have

I k J* 3

i6

A

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1800.

been so imported, after the said twenty-sixth day, of £ J*. February one thousand eight hundred, to he paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof - 0 0 10 For every gallon of single brandy, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this a St imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand*- - - 0 0 10

For every gallon of brandy, above proof, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof - 0 I 8

For every gallon of "brandy above proof, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand - 0 I 8

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vita, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations,

which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said twenty-'sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof - 0 0 8

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vita, of the produce of the Briti/Jj colonies or plantations, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unshipping, and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the first landing

thereof*

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 23. $17

*; thereof,and which shall not actually have been £. j.

charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the

case may require, upon demand - - 008

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua viter> above proof, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof - - - 014

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vitay above proof, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight 3" hundred, or which shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the 31 first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand - - 014

For every gallon of rum or spirits of the produce of the British plantations, which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall he in any ware-house in which the same shall have been pur, subject and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, contained and provided in an act, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, concerning the; ' landing of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations before payment of the duties of excise, and lodging the same in warehouses, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, or shall be delivered out of < any such warehouse or warehouses respectively, for home consumption, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor, as the case mav require, upon demand - - O o 8

For every gallon of rum or spirits, above proof, of the produce of the British plantations, which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, or shall be in any such i warehouse, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight

[hundred, or shall be delivered out of any such ware-

JLL4 house rnnn|p

T -

5i8

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1800.

house for home consumption, and which shall not £, x. actually have been charged with any dury by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand, a duty of - 014

For every gallon of {ingle spirits or aqua vita (other than such brandy, rum, or spirits as aforesaid), which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been imported after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof - 0 0 10

For every gallon of single spirits or aqua vita

(other than such brandy, turn, or spirits as aforesaid), which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which /halt have been, after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, or shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any 'lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unftiipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand s - - 0 0 10

For every gallon of spirits or aqua vita (other than such brandy, rum, or spirits as aforesaid), above proof, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said twenry-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof - - - 0 I 8

For every gallon of spirits^or aqua vita (other than such brandy, rum, or spirits as aforesaid), above - proof, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, or shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been impoited, or in any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand - - 0 I 8

TEA.

For and upon all tea which shall be sold at the sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the B*fl

Indits}

5*9

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 24, 25.

indies^ for two shillings and sixpence per pound weight or upwards, after the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the gross.prices at which such tea shall be sold; to be paid by the purchasers of such tea to the said united company, and to be paid by the said united company to the commissioners of excise for the time being.

(B.)

DRAWBACKS,

TEA.

For all tea (for which the duty hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported to Ireland, or his Majesty's plantations in America, the whole of the duty of excise by this act imposed in respect thereof.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

[March 10, 1800.]

CAP. XXV.

An act to prohibit, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred, the use of wheat in making Jlarch.

[March 25, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the making of flarchy from

wheat y should be prohibited for a limited time: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the No starch to same, That, during the continuance of this act, no starch shall be be made from made or prepared from any wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, oranymixtme or any mixture with wheat, wheat flour, or wheat mcaJ. therewith.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, during the continuance penalty por of this act, any maker or makers of starch, or other person or per- making starch fons-whatever, shall make, or begin to make starch from any from wheat, wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, or any mixture with wheat, &c, s wheat flour, or wheat meal, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any fat, trough, or other utensil or vessel, any wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, or any mixture with wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, for the purpose of making starch, then, and in each and every such case, such maker or makers, of starch, or other person or persons so offending; and the person or persons in whole custody or possession any fat, trough, or other ntenfil, or vessel, which shall be made use of contrary to the intention of ibU aft, shall be foundrshall3 severally ancf respectively

aey?foie

|but not to extend to completing wheat, &c. put in fermentation O)) or before M uch 20, 1800.-

Wheat, &c. found in itarch houses forfeited, and the prisons in whole polTel-lion found to forfeit 2001.

Persons author) led, and officers of ex-tile, may enter starch houses, an<finfpc<ft materials;

and officers may take samples of mixtures, paying for the same, if they suspect wheat* &c. to be mixed therein*

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 25. [1800.

(over and above all other penalties imposed by any act or acts of parliament already in force), forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds; and all such wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal; together with every such fat, trough, or other utensil or vessel, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemedor construed to extend, to subject any (larch maker to the said penalty of two hundred pounds, for or by reason of his completing or finishing any operation of fhreh-making, from any wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, openly put in fermentation in his entered starch house, on or before the twentieth day of March one thousand eight hundred, so that such operation shal) be continued without wilful delay; any thing in this act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, shal), during the continuance of this act, be found in any fiarch house, or in any place wherein starch shall be preparing or making, or wherein any starch shall have been prepared or made, or which shall have been, or shall be, entered for making or preparing of starch, all such wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, shall be forfeited, together with the vessels, fades, bags, and other things containing the same, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; and the person or persons in whose possession such starch house or place shall be, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, during the continuance of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons who Avail be authorised for thar purpose by the commissioners of excise for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the limits of the chief office of excise, in London, or by one or more justice or justices of the peace, in any other part of Great Britain, at any time or rimes, with any officer or officers of excise, or for any officer or officers of excise, to enter into any starch house, or any other place whatever, wherein any fiarch mall be, or shall be suspected to be, preparing or making, or prepared or made, and every such officer of excise, and person so authorised as aforesaid, shall have free admitance into, and may inspect all the materials, vessels, and utensils, contained in any such starch house or other place (giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the lawful business which shall be there earring on); and in case any such officer of excise shall have reason to suspect that any wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, is mixed in any waters or liquids, or with any other materials or preparations whatsoever, or is otherwise in operation for preparing or making starch, it shall be lawful for such officer, at any time or times during the continuance of this act, upon payment of three-pence per pound Weight, (if demanded), to take a sample, not exceeding fifty pounds weight, of any such mixtures in waters or liquids, or other mateiralsor preparations, which shall be found in any such

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 25. $z\

starch house or other place aforesaid; and in case any maker of Penalty of starch, or the owner or occupier of any such starch houseor place, ^or any workman or servant belonging to any such maker or ma-kers, or owner or occupier, shall refuse to admit such person or preventing persons as shall be so authori fed, or any officer or officers of ex- the inspection cife, into any such starch house or place, or fballobftrud or hinder °^materials, any such officer, or person or persons, in making such inspectionc* as aforesaid, or shall not allow any such officer to take such sample, after the said sum of three-pence per pound weight shall be paid or tendered for the same, every such maker, owner, or occupier shall for every such offence respectively forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such officer of Wheat, See. so excise, or otl er person or persons authorised as aforesaid, having found may be a warrant for that purpose from any two or more of the com mil-sioners of excise, or any justice or justices respectively, as aforesaid, to seize, take, and carry away, all such wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, and also all such mixtures, or waters, or liquids, or other materials or preparations, as shall be found in any such starch house, or other place, together with all the veffds, sacks, bags, and other things in which the said commodities, or any of them, shall be contained.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Makers of and may be lawful for any maker or makers of starch, to have or j|arch may-keep, for his, her, or rheir necessary use in any dwelling house, housesvWat room, or place, (not being an entered house, room, or place, for or flour not making or preparing of starch), guy quantity of wheat, wheat flour, exceeding or wheat meal, not exceeding at any one time the quantity of bushels. eight bushels; and that if any such maker or makers shall, during Penalty for the continuance of this act, be possessed of, or have in his, her, or having moi e their custody or possession, or in the custody or possession of any jhantbequau-person or persons in trust or for the use or benefit of such maker, tl'* more than eight bushels of wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, at any one time, in any one or more place or places, every fu. h maker or makers shall for every such offence respectively forfeit all such wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, exceeding the said quantity of eight bushels, and also the sum of five pounds for every bushel so forfeited; provided always nevertheless, That but not to tx-this act shall not extend to inflict the said last mentioned for Tei- tcn'* to/^Vc)l ture or penalty, or either of them, upon any maker of starch who growers of05 shall be the actual grower of wheat, and shall be possessed of wheat, or any quantity of such wheat, in the draw, grown by him, or after miliers, incer* such wheat is threftied out or separated from the ft raw; provided taiivcafcB. that such wheat shall not be kept in his possession, or in the possession of any other person or persons in trust for him, for a greater space of time than twenty days after the same shall bethrefned or separated from the straw, and so asr such wheat be not kept in any place used for making, preparing, or keeping starch: provided also, That this act shall not extend to inflid the said last mentioned forfeiture and penalty, or either of them, upon any maker of starch who pradifes the trade of a miller, and who was possessed of, and as9miller worked, any mill or mills for the

On oath of prouni of suspicion that more than e ght buihcls of wheat or flour is kept in any {ioic-house, fee. officers of excise and other per tows may beautiio-rifed to search, and may ftize the Turpieia, and the persons in whole cuiiody found, to forfeit 51. per builicl.

Doors may be broke open.

Contracts for delivery of starch or hair powder

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 25. [1800.

grinding of wheat, barley, or other grain, on or before the passing 1; i

of this act, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, which shall, during the time herein-before limited, be found not wetted or steeped in any such mill or mills; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any officer or officers of excise, or any other person or persons, shall at any time or times have cause to suspect: that any wheat, wheat flour, \

or wheat meal, exceeding the quantity of eight bushels, belonging to any maker or makers of starch, shall be laid or kept in any j ftcrehouse, warehouse, granary, or other place or places, contrary j to the true intent and meaning of this act, then, and in every such case, upon oath made by such officer or officers, or other person or persons, before the commissioners of excise, Qr any two,

or more of them, in Englandfor the time being, or before one or more justice or justices of the peace residing near the place where! such officer or officers, or other person or persons, shall suspect the same to be laid or kept, setting forth the ground of his or their suspicion, it shall and may be lawful toorfor % the said of, or justice or justices of the peace respectively, before whom such officer or officers, or other person or persons,

shall make oath as aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reasonable), by special warrant under his or their respective hands and seals, to authoiife and empower such officer or officers, or other person or persons authorised as aforesaid, by day or by night,

(but if in the night, then in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace), to enter into all and every storehouse, warehouse, granary, or other place or places, where he or they shall so f ufpeft that any wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, exceeding the quantity of eight bushels, belonging to any such maker or makers, shall be laid-or kept, and to seize, take, and carry away, all such wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, as he or they shall fa find, (over and above the said quantity of eight bushels), toge* ther with all the vessels, sacks, bags, or other things, wherein the same shall be contained; and such maker or makers, or the person or persons in whole custody or possession such wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, belonging to such maker or makers as aforesaid, shall be found, shall for every such offence respectively forfeit and pay the said penalty of five pounds for every bushel exceeding the said quantity of eight buftiefs; and the said officer or officers, and other person or persons, is or are hereby empowered by such warrant, together with such other person or persons as he or they shall take to his or their assistance, to enter such storehouses, warehouses, granaries, or other place or places, and break open the doors thereof, in case they be not forthwith opened on demand.

Vi I. And whereas there may have been contrails made by makers of Jlarch with several persons for starch or hair powder to be deb* vered and received at future times after the passing of this be it therefore further enacted, That all contrafts or bargains made by any maker or makers of starch, with any person or persons

whah

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 25. 523

whatever, for any (larch or hair powder to be delivered at any during the lime during the continuance of this act, shall be, and are hereby «--ontmuanjc declared to be null and void. act^void/

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- penapyr of fons shall obstruct or hinder any officer or officers of excite in tool. forob*. the execution of any of the powers and authorities to him or structing of-them given by this act, f(he person or persons offending therein, hcus* shall, for every such otFence, forfeit and lose the fuin of two

hundred pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all nne % pcnlaties, and for- Recovery and

feitures, imposed by this act, and which shall be prosecuted or food 0

for by an order of the conimhhoners of excise m England or Scotland respectively, or by any officer or officers of excise, shall be

fuedfor, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by a&ionof debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland\ respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and sucessors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or luefor the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any atfion or suit Limitation of shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing a&iuns. done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within the space of one calendar month next after the

offence shall be committed} and if such aition or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special General issue matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the famewas done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plantiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurs er against the plantiff or plantiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like Treble remedy for the lame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law; and if such action or suit be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom such action or suit shall be brought shall allow the defender to plead this act in his defence, ^nd the pursuer shall not iofift on his action; or if judgement shall be given against such pursuer, the defender shall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any such action or salt.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case hisH|sMaieftf Majesty, at any time or times after the passing of this act, shall, ^making of in his royal difccetion, judge it tobemost for the benefit and starch from advantage of this kingdom to permit the making of starch from wheat, wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, that then it shall and may be lawful

524 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 26 — 28. [1800.

lawful to and for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations, to be issued by and, with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majesty's order in council, to be published in the London Gazette, from time to time to permit and suffer all and every person and persons, natives and foreigners, (but not any particular person or persons), at any time or times after the passing of this act, to make starch from wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commence-

XII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall commence

rontiimaiice an^ ta^e c^e<^ as touch rnaVers arK* things therein con-ofact. tained, in respect whereof no special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the passing of this act, and shall be and remain in force until and upon the lifft day of October one thousand eight hundred.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to he issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

[March 5, 1800.]

CAP. XXVII.

An act for punishing mutiny and dclertion 5 and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[March 25, 1800.]

- Number of forces 80, 275, including 5, 792 invalids.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for cflabtijking an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the sum of three million:, t: war is the supply for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

[March 23, l8cc.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by tin act of parliament, made in the seventh year Recital of*V of the reign of her late majesty £hteen Anne, intituled An 7 Anux, c. 7. act for enlarging the capital stock of the bank of England; and for raising a further supply to her Majesty, for the service of the year one thous.md seven hundred and nine; it was declared and enacted, That the governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for ever, should continue and be one body corporate and politick, and should for ever have, receive, and enjoy^the entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds therein-mentioned, out of certain rates and duties of excise therein described, and such abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, as are therein expressed; subject nevertheless to a power and condition of redemption, in that act contained in that behalf: and it was thereby'provided and enacted, 7hat at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the first day of August which sould be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 28.

hundred and thirty-two, and not before; and upon repayment by parliament, to the /aidgovernor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, of the several jams, amounting to one million six hundred thousand pounds therein-mentioned, without any deduction, difiount, or abatement whatsoever to be made out of the said fium of one million six hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof; and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their successors, of all arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and intere/l money which should be owing unto them upon all such tallies, exchequer orders, cr parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company, or their successors, should have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to, at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid, (such funds for redemption whereof other provision was made in the same act only excepted); then, and in such case, and not till then, the fad yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds should cease gnd determine, as by the said act (relation being thereunto had) may more plainly appear: and whereas, by an act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of her said late Majesty's reign, intituled An act to raise Recital ofan twelve hundred thousand pounds for publick uses, by circulating a 11 Ann*, a further sum in exchequer bills; and for enabling her Majesty to raise five hundred thousand pounds on the revenues appointed for uses of her civil government, to be applied for or towards payment of such debts and arrears owing to her servants, trades-men, and others, as are therein mentioned; the before recited proviso or condition for determining the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, upon twelve months notice after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, upon such payments as aforesaid, was thereby repealed and made void: and it was thereby provided and enabled. That at any time, upon twelve months notice after the first day of August which ff)ould be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and not before; and upon repayment by parliament, to the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, of t: e said sum of sixteen hundred thousand pounds, without any deduftiot, discount, or abatement whatjsever, and upon payment to toe said governor and company, and their successors, of all arrears of the fold one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interefi money which should he owing to them upon all such tallies, exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, ' which the said governor and company, or their successors, should have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid, (such funds for redemption whereof other provision is made in the said former acts, or any of them, or in the said recited act, always excepted); then, and in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds should cease and determine: and it is also further provided and enacted, 7hat from and after such redemption of the Joid one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and from and after redemption should be made by parliament of the annuity of one hutidred and six thousand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen shillings, and five-pence, by the fa

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 2, 8. [1800.

the five nth year of her said late Majesty's reign, settled and payable to the said governor and company, in the manner therein-mentioned $ and from and after redemption fijould likewise be made of the fund established by the said recited act, in relation to the exchequer bills therein-mentioned \ then, and not till then, the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England should ceafi and determine \ but, till then, the said governor and company should continue a corporation, qnd should have and enjoy all the powers and privileges they were entitled to, as by the same act (relation being thereunto had), may more fully appear: and whereas by an act of parliament, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for establishing art agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; the Jiid governor and company, and their successors, were directed to advance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer for his Majesty's use, the full sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, on or before such time, and in such manner, and under such conditions, as in the said act are mentioned: and it was thereby declared and enabled, That the several and refifeflive provisoes contained in the said acts of the seventh and twelfth years of the reign of her late majesty jQueen Anne, and each of them, and all other provisoes contained in any other act or acts of parliament for determining the said fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, ttpm the respective notices and payments in the same respective acts mentioned, should be, and were thereby repealed and made void \ and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, so enlarged as a fore said, and their successors for ever, should remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politick, by the name aforesaid, and should for ever have, receive, and enjoy, the said entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pound: ', out of the said rates and duties of excifi, together wtth a perpetual succession and privilege cf exclusive banking as therein-afttr was mentioned, and all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages whqt-Joever, whereunto the governor and company of the bank of England, before the making of the said act, were entitled, by the said acts of the seventh and twelfth years of the reign of her said late majesty J^ueen Anne, or either of them, or by any other act or acts cf parliament, grants, or charters whatsoever, then in force; all which were, by the said act, ratified ansi confirmed to the said governor and company, and their successors, freed and discharged of and from the said provisoes and conditions of redemption thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid, and all other pnvi-joes, powers* acts, matters, and things whatsoever, theretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making vein, the said corporation, or yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, and the said privilege of exclusive banking, and all other ibeir abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchisis, exemptions,

J27

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 28.

privileges, profits, and advantages, any of them; subject nevertheless to such restrictions, rules, and direct ions, and also to fuel? other agreements, matters, things, as in the said acts and charters, or

any of them then in force, were contained or prefer ibed, and also subject to the power and condition of redemption thereafter in the said act contained in that behalf: and it was thereby also provided and enabled,

That at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the first day of August which fljould be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-saur, and, not before, and upon the repayment by parliament\ to the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, as well'of the said sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds formerly advanced, as of the sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds before-mentioned then to be advanced, amounting, in the whole, to the sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, without any deduction, discount, or abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the said sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds^ or any part thereof > and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their successors, of all the arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interest money which J)?ould be owing unto them upon all fitch tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company, or their successors, should have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to, at the time of such notice to be given.os aforesaid, (such funds for redemption whereof other frovihon was made in and by the acts of parliament therein mentioned, always and only excepted); then, and in such case, and not till then, the Jatd yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds should cease and deter* mine: and whereas by an act of parliament, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for efta- Rrcital of blishing an agreement with the governor and company of the Geo. 3. C. 25. bank of England, for raising certain sums of money towards the supply for the fervke of the year one thousand seven hundred and nxty-four; and for more effectually preventing the forging powers to transfer such flock, or receive such dividends or annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent perforating the owners thereof; it is recited. That the governor and company of the bank of England were willing and contented to advance, towards the supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fexiy-four, the sum of one million, -on exchequer bills bearing interest, to be paid quarterly \ and the said exchequer bills to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the first aids or supplies which should be granted by parliament for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six\ and in case fuffuient aids or supplies should not be granted for that purpose before the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, fthe t same to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the sinking fund', and also to pay into his Majesty's exchequer, towards the said supply, the sum of one hundred and ten thousand pounds, without any repayment i of the principal, or allowance of interest for the same \ provided that I the privilege of exclusive banking, and all other abilities, capacities,

1 powers, authorities, franchisis, exemptions, privileges, profits, and

Mm

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 28, [1800.

advantages, in the said recited or any former at! contained, Jbndd if granted and confirmed to the said governor and company, in fitch manner as in the said recited act is mentioned: end it was by tbt said lafi recited act (amongst other things) declared and enabled, That such part of the said recited provision, contained in the fmd eft mode in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the determining the fold fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and the said corporation if the governor and company of the hank of England, upon the notice and payments therein mentioned, should be, and were thereby repealed and made void; and that the said governor and company of the hank of England, and their successors far\ ever, should remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politick, by the name aforesaid, and should for ever have, receive, and enjoy r the said'entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, out of the said rates and dities of excise, together with a perpetual fucctffion and privilege of exclusive banking, as therein-after was mentioned, and all other abilities, capo* cities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages whatsoever, whereunto the governor and company of the bank of England, before the making of the said act, were entitled by the said acts of the /eventh and twelfth years of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, and the said act of the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, or any of them, or by any other act or acts of parliament, grants, or charters whatsoever, then in force, all which wen by the said act ratified and confirmed to the said governor and company, and their successors, freed and discharged of and from the said proviso and conditions of redemption thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as oforefaU, and all other provisoes, powers, acts, matters, and things whatsoever, theretofore- bad, made, done, or, committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void the said corporation, or yearly fmd of one hundred thousand pounds, and the said privilege of exclusive banking, and all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, or any ef them j subject nevertheless to such restrictions, rules, and directions, and oft to such other agreements, matters, and things, as, in the said ofif and charters, or any of them then in force, were contained or pre* feribed, and also subject to the power and condition thereafter in the said act contained in that behalf: and it was thereby also provided and enacted, That, at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the first day of August which should be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty Jx, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament, to the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, of the said sum of three millions two bun* dred thousand pounds advanced by virtue of the said in part recited acts, without any deduction, d'jcount, or abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the said jum of three millions two* hundred thousand Pounds, or any part thereof; and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their successors, of all the arrears of the said one hundred thousand bounds per annum, and all the principal and interefi money which should be owing unto them, upon all such tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the said

it Geo. c. 60.

riJob.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 28. 5*9

governor, and company, or their successors, shall have remaining iti their hands, or bi entitled to at the time of such notice to be given as (forfold (fitch funds for redemption whereof other provision was made in and by the acts of parliament therein-mentioned, always and only excepted); then, and in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds should cease and determine: and whereas, by an act of parliament made, in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for ^€C[t^ of tfiablishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the sum of two millions towards the supply for Che service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; it is recited that the said governor and company of the bank of England were willing and contented to advance towards the supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one the sum of two millions, at the periods therein-mentioned, on exchequer bills, bearing interefi at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the faii exchequer bills to be charged upon and repaid out of any of the aids or fitpplies which should be granted by parliament for tre service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty four; and in case sufficient aids or supplies should not be granted for that purpose before the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, the Jame to be charged upon and repaid out of the sinking fund; provided that the privilege of exclusive bankings and all other the abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, in any former act contained, should be granted and confirmed to the said governor and company, in such manner as therein after- mentioned: and it was by the said recited act, amongst other things, declared and enabled. That such part of the said recited provision, contained in the said act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Mafifiy, as relates to the dettr-mining the said fund of one hundred thousand pounds pfcr annum, and thefiid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, upon the notice and payments therein mentioned, should be and were thereby repealed and made void; and that the said governor and company of the bank ^England, and their successors for ever, should remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politick, by the name aforesaid, and should for ever have, receive, and enjoy the said entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, out of the said rates and duties of excise, together with a perpetual succession and privilege of exclusive banking, as therein-after is mentioned, and all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, whatsoever, whereunto the governor and company of the bank of England were or before the making of the said recited act were entitled by the said acts of the seventh and twelfth years of the reign of her said late majesty Sfueen Anne, and the said acts of the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King i'rf George the Second, and of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or any of them, or by any other act or acts of parliament, grants, or charters, whatsoever, then in force, or which were by the said act ratified and confirmed to the fend governor and company.

MM2

m&c

53°

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 28. [1800.

and their successors, freed and discharged of and from the fold pro- ,

viso and conditions of redemption, thereby repealed, or intended to bt repealed, as aforesaid, and all other provisoes, powers, aflsy matters, and things, whatsoever, theretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void, the said Corporation or yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, and the said privilege of exclusive banking, and all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, or any of them; subject nevertheless to such refiridions, rules, and directions, and also to such other agreements, matters, and things, as in the said acts and charters, or any of them in force, were contained or prescribed, and also fuljeCl to the power and condition of redemption therein after contained in that behalf: and it was thereby providtd and enacted, That at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the first day of August which should be in the year of our Lord one tbov» sand eight hundred and twelve, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament, to the said governor and company of the bank of England, cr their successors, of the said sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, advanced by virtue of the said in part recited acts, without any deduction, discount, or abatement whatfievtr, to be made out of the said sum of th ee millions two hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof; and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their JucceJfors, of all the arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interest money which fi)ould be owing unto them upon all such tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor \

and company, or their successors, should have remaining in their bonds, or be entitled to at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid, such funds for'redemption whereof other provision is made in and by the a Cl s of parliament therein-mentioned, always and only excepted; then and in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds shall cease and determine $ and to prevent any doubts that might arise concerning the privilege or power given, by former atts of parliament, to the said governor and company, of exclusive banking, and also in regard to the erecting any other bank or banks by parliament, or refraining other persons from banking during the continuance of the said privilege, granted to the governor and company of the bank of England, as therein before recited -9 it was by the said recited act further enacted and declared, That it was tie true intent and meaning of the same ad, that no other bank should be ereCled, established, or allowed by parliament 5 and that it should not be lawful for any body politick or corporate whatsoever, erefttd or to be ereCled, or for any other persons, united or to be united in cow-vants or partnership, exceeding the number of fix persons, in that part of Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up, any jum or sums of money on their bills or notes, payable at demand, or at any leys time than six months from the borrowing thereof, during the continuance of fitch said privilege, to the said governor and company, who were thereby declared to be and remain a corporation, with the privilege of exclusive banking, as before recited, subject to redemption on tie terms and conditions before-mentioned', (that is to

IS

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 28. 531

fny)1 Oft one year's notice, after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and repayment of the three millions two hundred thousand pounds, ond all arrears of the one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interest money that should be owing them on all such tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer hills, or parliamentary funds, (such funds as were before-mentioned only and always excepted), which the said governor and company, ar their successors, should have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to, at the time of such notice to he given as aforesaid, and not otherwise; any thing in the said recited act, or any former act or p£ts of parliament, to the contrary in anyw'tfe notwithstanding; and whereas bank ATt the said governor and company of the bank of England are willing ^three and contented to advance, towards the supply granted to your Majesty millions for for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, the sum of the service of three millions, on or before the fifth day of April one thousand eight t^ie Prelent hundred^ on the feiurity of exchequer bills, to bear date the said fifthcai»day of April one thousand eight hundred, and to be made payable without interest) and to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out of the first aids or supplies which shall be grontecl by parliament for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and six; and in case sufficient aids or supplies shall not be granted by parliament for that purpose before the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, the same to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid %

out of the consolidated fund; provided that the said governor and company shall have the option of being repaid the said sum. of three vii^e of'millions, at any time before the expiration of the term of six years, to banking. Sec. be computed from the said fifth day of April one thousand eight hun- be confirmed. dred, in case the price of the three per centum consolidated annuities shall be eighty pounds per centum, or more, upon giving fix month's notice for that purpose to the lord high treasurer, or to the lords commijfmers for executing the office of lord high treasurer of Great Britain for the time beings and upon such repayment the said governor and company shall deduct or allow a discount to the pullick at and after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum on the sum repaid for such part of the said term of six years as shall then remain unexpired, and that in consideratioti of the said advance of three millions in the manner, for the period, and upon the terms above-mentioned, the said governor and company be continued a corporation with the foie power and privilege of exclusive banking, and all other the abilities, 'capacities, powers, authorities, franchfes, immunities\ exemptions, privileges, profits, emolumentr, benefits, and advantages, which they now have, pojfifs, or enjoy, by virtue or in pursuance of their chatter, or of any former a ft or acts of parliament, or of any employment by or on behalf of the publick, be granted and confirmed to the said governor and company, in such manner as is herein after mentioned: now, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise, with as much ease and advantage as possible to your subjects, the necessary supplies, and to encourage the said governor, and company to advance the said sum of three millions, do most Imovbly beseech your Makfty that it may be enacted; and be it

Commissionerg of the

tre<ifnry empowered to make out exchequer bills for three millions, before April 5, l8co.

All the provides, penalties, Sce. con-f»i.ied in the mslt act of this session relating to exchequer bills, (except. See.)

ill all be applied to the*exchtquei* bills to be made in pur-fmnje of this a a.

No interest payable on ex- chequer bills.

Bills ifTcied at the exchequer jiot to be current to any collector of the customs, 8cc for i)X years.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. &8. [iSob*

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with Ae advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissionets of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, it ^ny time or times before the fifth day of April one thousaftd eight hundred, to cause or direct any number of exchequer bills to be made out for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of three millions, in the same or like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and directions, as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to bit Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thou [and eight hundred, are enabled and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of the said a£h

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned act, relating to the exchequer bills authorised to be made by the same act, (except such clauses as db charge the same on the taxes granted by the same act, and such clauses as limit or relate to the afeer-, taiuing the rate of ipterest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and also except 9s herein after mentioned), shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned act, or as^ if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and renamed in the body of this act.

III. And be it further enacted, That no interest whatsoever shall be payable upon or by virtue of the exchequer bills to be made our in pursuance of this act: j and that the whole thereof (hill bear date the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred, and be made payable on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no exchequer bill or bills to be made out by virtue of this act, shall, after, the same hath or have been issued at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the expiration of six years from the day of the date of such exchequer bill, received or taken, or pass or be current to any receiver or coHeftor, in Great Britain, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at tlfc receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate; norshall any such receiver or collector exchange, at any time before the expiration of six years from the day of the date of such exchequer bills, for any money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which shall have

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 28; $33

been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector for negledi-ing or refuiing to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money, before the lame shall have been issued six years from the receipt of the exchequer, according to the date thereof; any thing in the said act made in this present session of parliament, intituled.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, or this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such exchequer bills, and all charges incident to, or artending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid qt borne j^y ruppliea by or out of any of the aids or supplies which shall be granted by to be granted parliament for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred for the year and fix; and in case sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose (half j.not be granted before the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, then all the said exchequer bills, with the charges in- not granted cidentto or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and before Aprils, chargeable upon such monies, as at any time or times at or after 1806, the said the said fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, charged on* shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the fconfoli- tbcconfolidat-dated fund, (except such monies of the said consolidated fund as ed fund.

shall then be appropriated to any particular ufeor uses by any act or acks of parliament in that behalf); and such monies of the said consolidated fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly (fated and ascertained, for and towards v

paying off, cancelling, and discharging such exchequer bills, and charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever

monies shall be so issued out of the said consolidated fund, shall, J^nfoUdated from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first supplies to fund to be be then after granted by parliament; any thing herein contained replaced out to the contrary notwithstanding. r thr

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case ^PPj, cs-A provision shall not be made by parliament for payment of exche- tq b^r

Juer bills, to be issued in pursuance of this act, so that the same interest, if not lall be fully paid and discharged on or before the fifth day of piid on or be* April one thousand eight hundred and six, then, and in that case, f<ire&Alira s* the said exchequer bills, or such part thereof as shall then re- 18960 main unpaid, dial), from and after the said fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, bear an interest of five pounds per centum per annum, and such interest shall be, and the same is hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be borne and,

paid by or out of the said fund as the principal money payable by the said exchequer bills is by this act charged and chargeable upon; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any* f wif$ notwithstanding,

M m 4 VIII. And

logic

1 hr bank to

exchange for their promt ffory no'-esall such bills as shall, within six years, be tendered to them:

but shall not bt entitled to any premium for the lame.

In case the«bnnk rtfule payment, how such notes may bt recovered.

Plaintiff entitled to damages and colts.

The provisions in the malt act of this ft lb on

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. [i8o&,

VIII. And it is further enacted, That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, shall, and are hereby required to exchange for the promissory notes of the fai<i governor and company, payable tojbearer on demand, from time to time, all such of the said exchequer bills, as shall, withip the space of six years from the date thereof, be tendered or produced to them, or their cashier or cashiers, for that purpose, by any person or persons; and shall pay, or cause to be paid, to such person or persons, in such notes as aforesaid, the sum for which every such bill, so tendered or produced, was issued, and shall exchange in manner aforesaid such of the said bills as shall have been, from time to time, paid away or circulated by or on the behalf of the said governor and company or their successors, and shall, before the said fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and fir, be tendered or produced as aforesaid, as often as such case shall happen: and the said governor and company, or their successors, or their agents or servants, shall not be entitled to or receive any premium, rate, jor allowance whatsoever, for or in respect of the exchanging or circulating tire said exchequer bills; anything herein, or in any other act of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said governor and company of the bank of England^ or their successors, or their cashier or eafliters, Anil negledfc or refuse to exchange any such exchequer bill or bills for such notes as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, upon demand thereof made at their chief office within the city of London, for the space of twenty-four hours, then the person or persons demanding the same, or the person or persons for and-on whose behalf such demand shall be made, shall and may recover the amount of such exchequer bill or bills, to his, her, or their own use, by a ft ion of debt, or upon the case, bill, salt, or information, in any of his Majest y's courts of record at Weshwnflery wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of iaw> shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which action, bill, suit, or information, it shall be lawful to declare that the said governor and company, or their successors, are indebted to the plaintiff or plaintiffs the money demanded upon the said bill or bills, according to the form of the statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action, bill, suit, or information, shall Recover against the said governor and company, and their successors, not only the money so neglected or refused to be paid, but also damages, after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per artimm$ on such money, together with full costs of suit; and the said governor and company, and their successors, and their said stock and funds, shall be, and are hereby made subject anti liable thereunto.

X. And be it further enacted, That the clauses, powers, and provisions in the said act? made in this present fefliou of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting U his Majesty

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 28V 535

certain duties upon malt, mumy cyder, and perry, for the service of relating to

the year one thousand eight hundred\ relating to such person or per- C'

fons, body or bodies politick or corporate, as should contract, circulate °&c.

by virtue of that act, with the high treasurer, or any three or exchequer

more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, for bills,

the circulating and exchanging for ready money the exchequer

bills by the said act authorised to be issued, (except the clause for (except, See.)

altering the rate of interest, and such other parts as are varied by

this act), shall extend to and operate, with respect to the said shall extend to

governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc-the bimk m.

celfors, in relation to the exchequer bills to be made out, ex- bnumade by

changed, and circulated, by virtue of this act, in as full and virtue of this

ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if a contract in act.

writing had been made for that purpose ir^the manner prescribed

by the said act, and as if the said clauses, powers, and provi-

fions, were herein specially re-enacted and applied for the purposes of this act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tl^at in case If previous to at any time previous to the expiration of the said term of fix the expiration years, to be computed from the said fifth day of April one thou- [he Three ^er (acid eight hundred, the price of the three pounds per centum cent. conlote. consolidated bank annuities shall be eighty pounds per centum or be 80 percent, more, and the said governor and company of the bank of England^exchequer shall then, or at any time afterwards previous to the expiration come payable of the said term of six years, be minded and desirous to be repaid Qn the Pbank*the said sum of three millions, and of such their mind and inten- giving notice tion shall givfe notice to the lord, high treasurer, or to the lords° the trea-commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer of fur5r*

Great Britain for the time being, that then and in that case, from and after the expiration of such notice, the whole of the exchequer bills to be granted in pursuance of this act shall become due and payable, in like manner as if the said term of six years had expired; and in case payment thereof shall not be provided for by parliament, previous to the expiration of such notice, the said exchequer bills, together with all charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of any of the aids or supplies which shall be granted by parliament for the service of the year in which such notice as aforesaid shall expire; and in case sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose

shall not be granted by parliament previous to the expiration of such notice as aforesaid, then all the said exchequer bills, with the charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such monies as at any time or times, at or after the expiration of the said notice, shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer arising from the confoii-dated fund, (except such monies of the said consolidated fund as shall be appropriated to any particular use or uses, by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf); and such monies of the said consolidated fund shall and may be issued and applied as soon as the same can be regularly (fated and afcccuined for and towards

payin^igle

If exchequer bills become payable pursuant to such, notice, discount to be allowed, Sec, for the unexpired term.

Such part of the recited act ai Geo. 3. as relates to the determining the corporation of 1 he bank, &c. repealed; and the bank to remain a body corporate, &c# and to enjoy an exclusive privilege of bankings See,

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 28. [1800.

paying off, cancelling, and discharging such exchequer bills and charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and difehar^ed, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and referred in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective holders or proprietors thereof.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the exchequer bills, to be issued in pursuance of this act, shall become payable at any time previous to the expiration of the said term of six years, in pursuance of such notice as aforesaid, then and in that case the said governor and company of the bank of England shall deduct and allow out of the whole or such part of the said exchequer bills as they shall hold or retain in their hands or possession, a discount, at and after the rate of five pounds far centum per annum, for such part of the said term of six years, as shall remain unexpired at the Expiration of such notice as aforesaid; and in case the whole of the said exchequer bills shall not* at the expiration of such notice, be remaining in the hands or possession of the said governor and company, then and in that case they shall and will, on or previous to the expiration of such notice, pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer a discount upon the whole or such part of the said exchequer bills as shall not remain in their hands or possession, at and after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum^ for such part of the said term of six years as shall then remain unexpired; and in default thereof, the provision herein-before made for payment of the said exchequer bills, upon the expiration of such notice as aforesaid, shall cease, determine, and be absolutely void, any thing herein* before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding,

XIII, Ani, > for the encouragement^ of the said governor and cm* pany of the bank of England, and their fucce£ors, to exchange and circulate the said exchequer bills, in the manner and during the time herein- before mentioned; and to the end* that the said governor and company, and their successors, may have a competent recommence and confederation for Jo doing; it is hereby declared and enabled, That such part of the said recited provision contained in ihe f/: d act, made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the determining the said fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England^ upon the notice and payments therein mentioned, shall be, and i$ hereby repealed and made void; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, for ever, shall remain, continue, and tie one body corporate and politick, by the name aforesaid, and shall for ever.have, receive, and enjoy, the said entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds out of the said rates and duties of excite, together with a perpetual succession and privilege of exclusive banking, as herein after is mentioned, and all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, immunities, exemptions, privileges, profits, emoluments, benefits, and advantages whatsoever, which the governor and company of the bank of England, [ npw have, possess, or enjoy, or whereunto

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 28.

they are; or, -before the making of this act, were entitled, by the said acts of the seventh and twelfth years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and the said acts of the-.fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and of the fourth and twenty-first years of the reign of his present Majesty, or any of them, or by any other act or acts of parliament, grants, or charters whatsoever, now in force; or, by virtue of any employment by or on behalf of the publick, all which are by this act ratified and confirmed to the faitj governor and company, and their successors, freed and discharged of and from the said proviso and' conditions of redemption hereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid; and all other provisoes, powers, acts, matters, and things whatsoever, heretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void the said corporation, or the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, and the said privilege of exclusive banking, and all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, frapehifes, immunities, exemptions, privileges* profits, emoluments, benefits, and advantages, or any of them; subject nevertheless to such restrictions, rules, and directions, and also to such other agreements, matters, and things, as in the said acts and charters, or any of them now in force, are contained or prescribedj and also subject to the power and condition of redemption herein after in this act contained in this behalf.

XIV. And whereas there is due from the publick to the said govern nor and company of the bank of England, not only the said sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, advanced by virtue of;

the said in part recited acts, but also the further sum of eight millions four hundred and eighty-six thousand and eight hundred pounds, which, together with the intere/l or annuities payable thereon or in respect thereof are secured to the said governor and company, and their fuc-cefforsy in manner following, (that is to fayf The sum of five hundred thousand pounds, (part of two millions secured and remaining due to the said governor and company, under and by virtue of an act of parliament, made in the third year of the reign of his majesty King George the Firfly intituled An act for redeeming several funds of 3 Geo. i. c. the governor and company of the bank of England, pursuant to former provisoes of redemption, and for securing to them several new funds and allowances redeemable by parliament; and for obJiging them to advance further sums, not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand pounds, at five pounds per centum % as shall be found necessary, to be employed in Jelfening the national debts and incumbrances; and for continuing certain provisions formerly made for the expences of his Majesty's civil government, and for payment of annuities formerly purchased at the rate of five pounds per centumy and for other purposes in this act mentioned; the further sum of four millions, secured to the said governor and company under and by virtue of*another act of parliament} made in the eighth year of the reign of his said majesty King George the Firfly intituled An act to enable the South Sea com- 8 Geo. x*c.$j* pany to d/fpose of the effects in their hands by way of lottery or

538 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 28. [1800.

febscription, or to fell part of their fund or annuity, payable at the exchequer, in order to pay the debts of the said company; and for relief of such who are intended to have the benefit of a late act, touching payment of ten per centum, therein mentioned; the further sum of one million seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds, secured to the said governor and company under and by virtue of another act of parliament, made in the first year of the reign of his late 1 Geo. 2. c. 8. majifiy King George the Second, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by sale of annuities to the bank of England it four pounds per centum* redeemable by parliament, and charged upon the duties on coals and culm; and for further applying the produce of the sinking fund; and fot enlarging the time for exchanging Nevis and Saint Christopher's debentures for annuities at three per centum, and for applying the arrears of his late Majesty's civil list revenues; the further Jura of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, secured to the said governor and company tinder and by virtue of another act of parliament, made in the second a Geo. l. c. 3-year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, 'An act for raising the sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, by sale of annuities to the bank: of England, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and for applying the produce of the sinking fund; and the further sum of nine hundred and eighty-six thousand eight hundred pounds, secured to the said governor and company under and by virtue of another aB of parliament, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An act for establishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for cancelling certain exchequer bills upon the terms therein mentioned; and for obliging t.iem to advance the sum of one million upon the credit of the land tax and malt duties, granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty-six: be it enacted, That at any time, upon tweive months notice, to be given after the first day of August which shall be in the year

19 Geo. a. c.

after Aug. x.

1833, upon 12 c oj ? ", j " 7 7 \

months no- °* our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and

tice, and re- not before, and upon repayment by parliament, to the said go-

payment of vernor and company, or their successors, of the said sum of three

3 aooool millions two hundred thousand pounds, without any deduction,

and all arrears discount, or abatement whatsoever; and upon payment to the

of the said said governor and company, and their successors, -of all arrears

103.0001. per of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum; and also

alfoUthe?sum yPon repayment by parliament, to the said governor and cotn-of 8, 486, 800l. P*ny, or their successors, of the said further sum of eight millions fee, four hundred and eighty-six thousand and eight hundred pounds,

together with the interest or annuities payable the Veon, or in respect thereof; and also upon repayment of all the principal money and interest which shall be owing unto the said governor and company, and their successors, upon all such'tallies, exchequer-orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the the said eaily governor and company, or their successors, shall have re-FundUrf 1 y maining in their hands, or be entitled to at the time of such

100.0001, shall notice to be given as aforesaid; then and in such case, and not

c'-afe.^till

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 28. 539

till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds shall cease and determine.

XV. And to prevent hny doubts that may arise concerning the privilege or power given, by former acts of parliament, to the said governor and company, of exclusive banking, and also in regard to the ereiling any other bank or banks by parliament, or refraining other persons from banking during the continuance of the said privilege, granted to the governor and company of the bank of England, as before recited\ it is hereby further enacted, and declared, That it No other bank is the true intent and meaning of this a<9, that no other bank |hdlbeere&<Mi shall be erected, established, or allowed by parliament; and that <junng the* it shall not be lawful for any body politick or corporate whatso- continuance ever, erected or to be erected, or for any other persons, united of the said or to be united in Covenants or partnership, exceeding the number of fix persons, in that part of Great Britain called England, to number of^borrow, owe, or take up, any sum or Aims of money on their bankers in bills or notes, payable on demand, or at any less time than fix partnership months from the borrowing thereof, during the continuance*

the said privilege to the said governor and company, who are hereby declared to be and remain a corporation, with the privi-.lege of exclusive banking, as before recited, subject to redemption on the terms and conditions before-mentioned; (that is to Condition of say). On one year's notice to be given after the first day of redemption. August one thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and repayment of the said sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, and all arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum \ and also upon repayment of the said sum of eight millions four hundred and eighty-six thousand and eight hundred pounds, and the interest or annuities payable thereon or in respect; thereof, and all the principal and interest money that shall be owing on all such tallies, excheqqer orders, exchequer bills, parliamentary funds, or Other government securities, which the said governor and company, or their successors, flaall have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to, at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid, and not otherwise; any thing in this act, or any former atf or acts of parliament, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That What shall be any vote or resolution of the house of commons, signified by the gefent notke^ (peaker of the said house in writing, and delivered at the publick office of the said governor and company, or their successors, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a sufficient notice, within the words or meaning of this aany thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Publick act.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act; and judicially taken notice of by all judges, justices, or other persons whatso^ ever, without specially pleading the same.

54° Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 29* [1800.

C A* P. XXIX.

An act for granting bounties on the importation of wheats whtaten flour^ and rice, until the Jirjl doy of October one thoupnd tight hundred.

[April 4, 18op.J

Preamble* 1 X WHEREAS it is expedient that encouragement should be given,

for a limited time, to the importation into this kingdom of

wheat and wheaten flour, from the countries in the Mediterranean and America; and of wheat from any -of the ports of the Baltic, and from any of the ports of Germany, and any ports north of the Texe), and from the port of Archangel; and also for the importation into w thisdringdom of rice: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kind's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-

Certain boun- bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the ties granted patting of this a ft, the several articles herein after mentioned, wheaten flourmP°rtec* or brought into this kingdom in Brittish ships or vessels, and rice, im-or in ships or vessels belonging to persons of any kingdom or ported before state in amity with his Majesty, however the same may be navi-Oct. x, 1800. gated, there shall be paid and allowed the following bounties;

(that is to say), If the average price of wheat in all England, ascertained and publifted in the London gazette under the authority of any act or acts of parliament, shall be less than ninety shillings per 'quarter, a bounty equal to* the difference of such average price, and such rate of ninety shillings shall be paid on every quarter of wheat which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the first day of October one thousand eight hundred, from any port of Europe south of Cape Finsflerrty or from any port in the Mediterranean, or in Africa, or from any, of his Majesty's colonies in America, or the United States; and that whenever the average price of wheat, ascertained and pub-lifted as aforesaid, shall be less than eighty-five shillings per

Suarter, there shall be given on every quarter of wheat which lall be imported into Great Britain from any of the ports of the Baltic* or from any of the ports of Germany, or any ports north % of the 7exelf before the first day of October one thousand eight hundred, a bounty equal to the difference between such average price in the London gazette and such rate of eighty-five shillings; and that whenever the average price of wheat ascertained and publifted as aforesaid, shall be less than ninety shillings per quarter, there shall be given, on every quarter of wheat which shall be imported into Great Britain from the port of Archangel before the first day of October one thousand eight hundred, a bounty eqiAl to the difference between such average price in the London gazette and such rate of ninety shillings; and that whenever the average price of wheat, ascertained and publifted as aforesaid, shall be less than one hundred shillings per quarter, a bounty equal "to the difference between such average price and such rate of one hundred shillings, shall be paid on every sack of

rflo0.] Anno regoi quadragesimo Georgii III. c. zg.'541

fine/wheaten flour of the weight of'two hundred and eighty pounds avoirdupois, and so in proportion for any greater or lets quantity, according to the weight thereof, which shall be imported or brought Into Great Britain before the said first day of October from any of his Majesty's colonies in America, or from # the United States; and for every such sack of fine wheaten flour which shall be imported or brought intp Great Britain from any other country than his Majesty's said colonies and the said United States, there shall be paid a bounty equal to four-fifths of the bounty which would have been payable by this act on a quarter of wheat* imported at such time, from every such country reflectively, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, according to the weight thereof; and whenever the current price of rice imported into this kingdom, to be ascertained by the prices in the London market, shall be less than one pound fifteen shillings per hundred weight, a bounty equal to the difference between such current price and of one pound fifteen shillings per hundred weight, on every one hundred weight office which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the first day of October one thousand eight hundred. Bounty on

II. Andy in order that the bounty shall be governed as near as may wheat and

be by the average price of wheat at the time of importation, be it four, to be enacted, That such bounty shall be paid upon such wheat and toC4e*flour respectively, according to the average price of wheat in average price England and H^aiesy so ascertained and published in the London of wheat, gazette in the second week after such wheat and flour shall have published in been imported. jggSF

III. Andy in order that the average prices of rice in the London wccfc after^market may be ascertained for the purposes of this act, be it further importation. enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, every im- Importers of porter of rice within the city of London or the bills of mortality, rice within who shall, from and after the passing of this act, by himself or fcrt?, n Unfits, sworn broker, or any other agent, buy or fell any rice, shall any, return or cause to be returned to the clerk to the grocers com- shall return to pany, such and the like account in every respect as is required to the clerk to be returned with respect to sugar, by an act passed in the thirty- t*, c

second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act fjkTaccount for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the a8 is required bounty on the exportation of sugar, and for permitting the importation with reiped to of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign % &ar> by 31 shipt; and the clerk to the grocers company shall ascertain the j^ali average price in the London market, of all the rice so bought cause the ave-and sold as aforesaid during the continuance of this act; and rage price to shall cause the same to be published in the London gazette in like bc published manner in every respect as is directed by and according to such in the gazette, and the like regulations as are contained in the said recited act; and all the dauses, provisions, powers, penalties, forfeitures,

matters, and things whatsoever in the said recited act contained, relating to the delivering in such account as is in the said recited.ad mentioned, and to the ascertaining and publiflung the average.prices of sugar, and all things relating the reto* shall be and are.

hereby

£42. Anno regn't quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1800.

hereby declared to be fh full force during the continuance of this act, with regard to rice, in as full and ample a manner as if the same were severally and respectively re-enacted and repeated in this act.

Bounties to be

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said bounties shall under the ma- under the management of the commissioners of his Majesty's the c^ramifli- Cust°msn England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid oners of cuf- out of any monies in their hands arising by any of the dories or toips. revenues under their management respectively, to the respective

importers or consignees of such wheat, wheaten flour, and rice Entry to be respectively; provided always, That a due entry shall be made port^f im-C f>roP*r officers of the customs, at the port into which

portation, and such articles shall be imported: provided also, That the collector proof given or other proper officer of the customs of the port where such that the arti- w|ieat or wheaten flour shall be imported, do receive full and from* mixture. fat*sfa^ory proof, that the said wheat and wheaten flour, far'which the bounty herein allowed is claimed, is wholly and entirely without mixture of any other corn or grain, and that»in default thereof, the said bounties shall not nor shall any of them be allowed or paid.

No bounces y; Provided always, and be it enacted, That none of the unless^hTar- bounties granted by this act shall be paid, allowed, or received, tfc!e& are im--unless the several articles in this act enumerated and described

ported at cer- shall be imported or brought respectively into some one or other tain places., of his Majesty's ports, (that is to say). The ports of London, Aberystwyth, Barnftapk, Beaumaris, Berwick, Biddeford} Boston, Bridgewater, Bridporl, Bristol, Cardiff, Cardigan, Cari'tjle, Carnarvon, Chejltr, Chichester, Colchester, Cowes, Dartmouth, Dover, Exeter, Falmouth, Fowey, Harwich, Hull, Ipswich, Lemc&fitr, Liverpool, Lyme, Lynn, Malden, Milford, Newcastle, Newhaven, Penzance, Plymouth, Poole, Portsmouth, Preston, Rochester, Sandwich, Scarborough, Sh or eh am, Southampton, Stockton, Sunderland, Swansea, Wells, Weymouth, Whitehaven, Whitby, Wisbeach, Tar* mouth; Aberdeen, Ayr, Alloa, Borrcrwftoriefs, Campbeltoun, Dumfries, Dunbar, Port Dundas, Dundee, Grangemouth, Glafgtrw, including Port Glasgow, Greenock, including Kirkcaldy, Kirkcudbright, Leith, Lerwick, Montrose, Perth, and Wigton.

Artkles im-

VI. And be it father enacted, That before any of the said byC ar^es imported or brought into this kingdom for bounty under the officers of the regulations of this adfc, shall be delivered out of the charge the customs of the proper officer or officers of the customs of the port where' and two ikil- the fatne shall be respectively so imported or brought, such arti-who are to c^cs respectively &ail be carefully and attentively inspedied and certify examined by such officer or officers of the customs as the com-whetherthey missioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively arc fit for ma- shall think fit to direct for that duty, and two indiiierent and king bread, disinterested persons experienced in the nature of the article to be so inspedied and examined; which two indifferent and dif-interested persons shall be chosen by the principal officers of the customs at such port, or any two of them, whereof the collector for the time being shall he one; which said officer or officers, of

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 29. 543

the customs so directed by the said of of the customs respectively, and the said two indifferent and disinterested persons, so chosen as aforesaid to inspect and examine the said articles respectively, shall, upon having viewed the same, certify and declare upon their corporal oaths, first admin iftered by the said principal officers, or any two of them, whereof the collector shall be one (who are hereby authored and required to administer the same) whether the said articles respectively are or are not merchantable and fit for making bread 5 and if the same shall appear by such certificate to be merchantable and fit for making bread, the bounties respectively granted by this act shall v

be paid and allowed thereon; but it the same shall appear by such certificate not to be merchantable or fit for making bread, no bounty granted by this act shall be paid or allowed thereon.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said indifferent and Recompence disinterested persons so chosen by the said principal officers to in- iafoeaors. spefl and examine the said goods, shall from time toime be p ^paid by an order of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, in England, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's dbstoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them, out of any monies in their hands, arising by any of the duties or revenues under their management respectively, the following sums, by way of recompence or reward for their trouble ?n so inspecting, examining, and certifying, (that is to say).

The sum of orie penny per quarter for all wheat, or two hundred and eighty pounds weight avoirdupois of rice, inspected and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; and the sum of one penny ter barrel, of all wheaten flour, inspected and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Commifli-case any of the said articles herein enumerated and described shall oncr8 of cu^-be (0 imported or brought from any of the ports or places bount^on^ herein-mentioned into any of the respective ports herein also articles im-enumerated, subsequent to the time limited by this act, but be- ported before fore the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred, it 0<^-shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's the vessel^ Customs in England and Scotland respectively, to order the having failed bounty or bounties respectively to be paid thereon in like man- at such times, ner as if the said articles had been imported within the time that they limited by this act; provided proof shall be made, to the satis- "Jjnary^faction of the said of respectively, that the ships or course of their vessels on- board of which respectively such articles shall be so voyage have imported or brought, adhially and bona fide set fail from such armed before respective ports or places, for Great Britain^ in such time as they °ttot)er*might in the ordinary course of their voyage have arrived in Great Britain before the said first day of October one thousand eight hundred; and proof (half also be given, and entry shall be made, and the goods inspected and examined and certified in like man-Voi. aLD* N n iter

Vessels arriv-

ing at a port where the

bounty is not allowed, may fail to one where it is.

Continuance of ad;

which may be altered or repealed this krtion.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 30.

[1800. ner as is required by this act, to authorise the payment of bounty on the said, articles imported within the time limited by this act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any ship or vesselhas arrived or shall arrive at any port in Great Britain, where, according to the regulation of this act, the bounty is not allowed, the said ship or vessel shall and may lawfully depart from such port, without molestation or hindrance, with the several articles on board, and may carry the same to any other port of Great Britain at which the same may be entered for the bounty, and there enter, land, and deliver the same, subject nevertheless to each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, and restrictions of this act.

X. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force until the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred.

XI. Provided always, That any part of this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. XXX.

An act for extending, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the period of preference, granted

and continued by several acts to bodies corporate and persons for the redemption of land tax; and for enlarging several of the powers

contained in the said acts.

[April 4, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the period within which all bodies corporate and politick, companies and persons mentioned, in several acts passed in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of his present Majesty's reign, were allowed the benefit of preference in contracting for the redemption of any land tax therein mentioned; and which was, by an act of the present session of parliament, extended until the twenty fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, should be revived, continued, and further extended \ and that further provision should be made for facilitating the redemption of the land tax, by archbtjhops, bishops, and other ecclesiafikal persons, and by all corporations: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Corpwations authority of the same, That all bodies corporate and politick, entitJS to re- comPan, es anc* persons in the said acts mentioned, who, by the deem land same acts» or any of them, were empowered to contract for the tax till March redemption of the land tax charged on any manors, messuages, m-h lan<*s» tenements, or hereditaments, of which they were or is x8do,rCh be in possession, or to the rents and profits whereof they

*were or should be beneficially entitled, or in which they should

have any estate or ioterest in remainder, reversion, or expectanejj or, being substitute heirs of entail, should be entitled in their order to succeed to, in preference to any other bodies, corporation

met,

W

N

te»<

I*;

Hi.

ei.

\v-

I

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 30. 545

rations, companies, or other persons whatsoever, not having an; estate or interest therein, and the respective committees, curators, tutors, guardians, or trufrees of such persons on their behalf respectively, are hereby declared to have, and shall con-r- tinue to have, and be entitled to such and the like preference in the redemption of such land tax over such other bodies, corporations, companies, or persons, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, until and upon the »} twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much, and such of the So much of 38 - provisions of an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign ^eu-re86°'

of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making perpetual, c3nfent of

subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein fated, thee ommission-. ( several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax ers to the for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand sevenJ hundred and ninety-eighty as require that the of ap- repealed.*

pointed, or to be appointed, for carrying that act into execution.

shall consent to and approve of the grant of any mortgage or any rent charge thereby authorised to be made or granted by any bodies corporate or politick, Or companies, and also such provisions as require that a schedule Should be produced, and one month's notice in writing given to the said of previously to any such mortgage or grant, and all such other provisions as require the sanction, direction, authority, or con-

tV currence of the said of to or in any such mortgage

or grant, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this act, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That every mortgage or rent Mortgages to

: ^charge which shall be made or granted from and after the passing be made un-

of this act, by any such bodies politick or corporate, or compa- 0*thecom^ x*f nies as aforesaid, for the purpose of redeeming all or any part of miOIoners ap-

i'fi the land tax charged upon any manors, messuages, lands, tene- pointed by

ments, or hereditaments belonging to them, whether the same fetors patent shall be in their own possession, or let to tenants at will, or from ^der^ Geo. rfi year to year, or for any term of years absolute or determinable 3' jfi on a life or lives, for which a fine or premium was or shall be

fy paid, or for lives, where a rent was or shall be reserved or a

'JM; fine or premium paid. shall be made under the direction and f authority of the of appointed by his Majesty by letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, under the authority of an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his present fi Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend and render tnore effec-turn two acts, passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's f reign and the present fejfum of parliament, for the redemption and f purchase of the land tax; and every such mortgage or rent charge, f when approved of and confirmed by the said last mentioned '/ of, or any two or more of them, certified by their^Signing and sealing the deed or deeds creating the same, shall be valid and effectual.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the of la ft j; herein-before mentioned, shall and may have and exercise, and £hc same y\ gre hereby invested with all and singular the same powers and powers touch-f n n 2 authorities f"ch g19

54$

as they have concerning sales of manorst See

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 30. [1800.

authorities of controul, discretion, consent, approbation, and confirmation, and of requiring information* and of receiving affidavits and depositions to be taken by and before the same persons, and all other powers and authorities touching and concerning any such mortgage or rent charge as last herein-before* mentioned, as they are inverted with by the ad last herein-be* fore referred to, touching and concerning the fates of manor* messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments thereby made subject to their controul, direction, and confirmation*

Governors of V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the ^antyiiuw*g°vcraors of the bounty of Queen Anne* for the augmentation pucchafe rent die maintenance of the poor clergy, who are authorised by the charges grant- afore-mentioned acts, or any of them, to lay out monies applied by re&ors, cable towards the augmentation of livings, in and for the redemp*

wgmentedby tlon lanc* Ux» ^r0m twnc to toaX out the bounty,or ^U(ns as now ts or are or shall be hereafter applicable for that that they may purpose, by virtue of the same acts, or any of them, in, for, or be ertinguish- towards the purchasing any rent charge or rent charges which shall cd* have been or shall be granted under the authority of any of the said acts, or of this act, by any rector, vicar, or curate, of any living or livings which the said governors have already agreed or shall hereafter agree to augment; and such rent charge or rent charges, when so purchased, shall be surrendetedto such re*3or, vicar, or curate, as the case may be?, or his successors, to the intent that the same may fink and be extinguished for the benefit of such living or livings.

Trusteea for

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the thC urider ^any tI5u. ?sot t^4Tie being of any trust property heretofore given

wills^may^by 10 J will for the purpose of being laid out in the purchase of execute the lands or impropriate tithes for the benefit of the poor clergy of powers given England> and who were empowered by an act passed in the rcdem tion^)f ^iny-ninth year of the reign of his present Majestjr, intituled, land tax con- to e)darge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax>

traded for by and to explain and amend an al7* made in4he last session of porlia* incumbents, meat, intituled]9 c An act for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein Jlatedt the several furn if money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one ywr, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty and by another ad, passed in the same session of parliament, intituled An act for enlarging the time limited by certain acts passed^ for the redemption of the land tax* and for explaining and amending the famey to apply their funds therein-mentioned for the redemption or purchase of land tax charged upon the lands, tithes, or other profits, anting from any living or livings belonging to the church of England\ which, should have been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, to carry into execution all and every the said powers for the redemption or purchase of such land taxy which shall have been or shall be controlled for by the incumbent or incumbents of any living or livings, in the manner directed by the said first-mentioned act, at any time before the

until March as, 18or.

I

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 30. 547

twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one; and the transfer of flock or payment of money for such redemption shall hare effect from the quarter day preceding such transfer or payment; and all other acts, matters, and things, which tft&

said trustees might fully have done under and by virtue of the &id acts, or either 6f them, shall be as valid and effectual to exonerate and discharge the lands, tithes, and other profits of such living or livings from the payment of the land tax redeemed, as if such land tax had been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred j and all tontra&S made before the passing of this act shall be valid and fefleflual, for the purposes in the said acts mentioned, notwithstanding any limitations of time therein contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Governors of the governors of the charity for the relief of the poor widows reHrfof and children of clergymen, under the direction and authority of the w', dows any two or more of the of appointed by the said act and children passed in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign* in- of clergymen, tituled, An act to amend and render more effectual two afis paffid in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majestfs reign and the present Of two com-fejfm of parliament, for the redemption and purchase of the land tax, mi Hioners ap-to sell and dispose of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, pointed by and hereditaments, given to them by any will, either generally 39 Gea j. in trust for the relief of such poor widows or children as afore- Un"s'gfvcn said, or subject to any qualifications or reftruflions as to the by will, and mode of applying such relief, in the extent of the allowance to purchase the be made to individuals, and to apply the money arising by such land tax on sale or foies for the purpose of purchasing or redeeming land tax veiLdintheau charged on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, veiled in such governors, for the purposes of their charity.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where the land tax Where the charged upon the glebe lands, tithes, or other profits of any land tax on living or livings in the patronage of any college, cathedral

church, hail, or house of learning in either of the universities of °n thep'atrmi-Oxford and Cambridge, or in the patronage of either of the col- age of pxford leges of Eaton or lVtnchester, or of any trustee or trustees for any or Cambridge* such college, cathedral church, hall, or hotife of learning as ^hefte? aforesaid, shall not have been redeemed or purchased by the in- shall no^ have cumbent of such living or livings, it shall be lawful for the been pur-corporations of such colleges, cathedral churches, halls, or chafed by the houses of learning respectively, to purchase or redeem the same jhe'cor^ra. on the same terms as persons entitled in remainder to such glebe tion8°may*lands, tithes, or other profits would be capable of so doing, and purchase it as to provide for such purchase or redemption by a sale of any lands persons cn-or tenements belonging to such corporations respectively. or by J^/and the grant of any rent charge, which they could or might law- raa' fcinand# fully make for the redemption or purchase of any land tax charged for that pur-on their own lands, and the land tax so redeemed shall be forth- but the with extinguished; but such college, cathedra! bhurch, hall, house of learning respectively shall nevertheless bt entitled to ah^f0 a rent

N K 3 annua) charge cqtuvA-

548

lent to the

amount, unless it shall be declared in writing, that the rent charge shall be suspended.

Patrons redeeming land tax shall have the like remedies for recovery of the amount as landlords have for rent.

When the purchase of any reversion of land holden by lease shall be made

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 30, [1800.

annual rent charge issuing out of such living, equivalent to the amount of such land tax, which shall be recoverable by action, suit, distress, or any other means, by which rents reserved by leases are recoverable at law, unless it shall be declared in writing, under the common seal of the body or bodies having such right of patronage or nomination, at the time of presentingor nominating any clerk or clerks to such living or livings, that such rent charge shall be suspended during his or their in* cumbency or respective incumbencies; which declaration the body or bodies entitled to nominate to such living or livings shall from time to time be competent to make; and such suspension shall be without prejudice to the right of the said body or bodies to recover the same after the next or any future avoidance; provided always, That any declaration made by such last mentioned bodies, or any of them, at the time of redeeming the said land tax, shall be as available during the incumbency of the then rector, vicar, or curate, as if it had been made at the time of his being preferred to such living.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any lantl tax, charged upon any retfory, vicarage, or other living, shall have been or shall hereafter be redeemed by the patron or patrons thereof, and such rectory, vicarage, or other living, shall thereby have been or shall be exonerated from such land tax, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such patron or patrons, his^ her, or their heir?, executors, administrators, or assigns, from time to time to use the same powers and remedies for the reco* very of the amount of such land tax as landlords can or may use for the recovery of rents in arrear.

X. And whereas by the said act passed irt the thirty ninth year of his Majestfs reign, it is enacted, That upon the purchase os therein mentioned, of the reversion of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, holden by any lease as therein-mentioned by or with the proper monies of the person or persons for the time being beneficially entitled to the rents and profits thereof \ such reversion shall be settled under the direction of the said commissmers, fio as and in such manner as that the amount of the money paid for the pmhoft thereof, with lawful interest, may be a charge on such reversion for the benefit of the person or persons advancing the same, his, her, or their executors, ad; niniflraters, and assigns, and that subject thereto the fee-simple of such manors, messuages. Lands, tenements, and hereditaments, shall he settled for the benefit of the person or persons so purchasing the same, and of such other person or persons as would have been entitled to the benefit of any renewed lease, as in the said flft mentioned: and whereas no power is thereby given to charge the fuhftfting estates in such manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, with the money to be advanced for such purchase, or to make any such charge, except where the monies advanced are the proper monies of the person or persons beneficially entitled to the rents and profits thereof: be it enacted, That when any such purchase of any such reversion shall be made by or on the behalf of the persons entitled to the benefit of any subsisting lease or leases, the immediate

estates

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 30. 549

estates and interests, as well as the reversion expectant thereon, by persons shall be charged with and made subject to the re-payment of the principal money to be advanced for the purchase of such reversion, subsisting with interest for the same, as the said of shall direct: lease, the im-provided always, That the persons entitled successively to the mediate inte-rents and profits of such manors, lands, tenements, and heredi- 35 the VeverW taments respectively, shall be made chargeable with the interest ^oa accrued during his or her estate therein, and that no greater chargeable arrear than for one year shall be recoverable against any person with the mo-who shall become entitled in remainder for interest accrued J during the estate or term of any person or persons entitled to &Ce 1 er*any preceding estate or interest in the premises.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Kthe* and every person or persons, who is or are or shall, for the time imple of being, be entitled to the immediate reversion or remainder to lands, subject any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to the subsist-which shall have been granted by any former owner or owners inS

for any beneficial lease or leases, or by any copy or copies of forthere-"^ court roll, or by any other grant, according to the custom of demption of any manor, for life or lives, or years absolute, or years deter- the land tax minable upon any life or lives, to sell and dispose of the fee- thereon and Ample and inheritance of any such manors, messuages, lands, limited tenements, or hereditaments, subject to the subsisting interests to the iamt of such respective lessees, copyholders, or other customary tenants, uses. for the purpose of raising money for the redemption of the land tax charged thereon, and also on any other manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and whether in the same or different counties, the reversion, fee-simple, and inheritance, whereof shall be settled and limited to the same uses, and in the same order and course of limitation, in like manner, and under the like restrictions, as he, she, or they could or might have done in case such subsisting leasehold and copyhold estates and interest, had been granted by him, her, pr them. Where anvop-

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where, in tion shall have any contract for the redemption of any land tax, an option ^onfiderth-shall have been declared to consider the person or persons, contractor for bodies, corporations, or companies contracting for such land tax, the land tax on the same footing as a person not interested in the manors, °n the &mc messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments comprized in ^ongno8t*n, such contract, by reason whereof the said manors, messuages, terested in the lands, tenement*, or hereditaments remain chargeable to land lands, he may tax, and the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or com- within three panies, who shall have entered into such contract, his, her, or March^? f their heirs, executors, adm ini stra tors, a Signs, or successors, shall l8o0f apply to be desirous of exonerating the manors, messuages, lands, tene- the comraif-ments, or hereditaments comprized in such contract from land sioners, who tax, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, at any time

within the space of three calendar months after the twenty-fifth exonerating day erf March one thousand eight hundred, to make application the land from for that purpose to the of specially appointed for the the tax, and purposes of the said acts, for the county y riding, shire, stewartry, city, town, or place, where such manors, messuages, lands, enter into* osw

n n a tenements- nn«

5fo Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 30. [1800.

tenements, or hereditaments, {halt be situate; and on every such application, and on the produ#ion of a certificate of the amount of land tax then charged on such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and oPthe contract for the redemption of such land tax, to the said of, it shall be lawful for them, or any two or more of them, to contract with such person or persons, bodies, corporations, and companies, his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators, assigns, or successors, for exonerating their said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments from land tax; and in every such case where it shall appear by such certificate and contract, that no variation has taken place in the mean time in the amount of such land tax, to amend, or cause to be amended, any such contract, by striking out all such parts thereof as relate to the declaration of such option therein, and to certify their having so done, under their respective hands ape! seals, on the back of such contract; which contract, with such indorsement, being afterwards registered in the manner and within the time directed by the said a#s, in cases of entering into contrails, the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments comprized therein, shall be wholly exonerated from land tax from the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred; and in every such case where-it shall appear by such certificate of the amount of land tax, and contract for redemption thereof respectively, that the amount of land tax then charged upon the / manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments com-

prized therein, is either more or less than the amount of land tax redeemed in such contract, it shall be lawful for such of, or any two of them, to refeind such contract, and to enter into a new contract for the redemption of the land tax which shall be then charged upon the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to take place from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, without any declaration of an option being inserted therein; and on the back of such new contract to insert a true copy of any receipt or receipts indorsed oa the original contract, purporting to be given by any cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, or by any receiver or receivers general of land tax, for the consideration, or any part thereof, to be paid or transferred, and a#ually paid beexone- anc^ trans^erre(i on such original contract; provided that no such rated where manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall the land tax be exonerated in any case where any such land tax shall have has been en- been encreased, unless the person or persons, bodies, corpora-Sepau-ty ihaJll t*on$> Qr companies, so applying as aforesaid, shall contract ro contn# to transfer, and shall, at the time to be mentioned in such contract, transfer so accordingly transfer, at the bank of Englandfo much three th)10*! three P0UDC*S Per C£ntum consolidated bank annuities, or pay to the percents.6or receiver general of the county, riding* shire, stewartry, city, pay to the borough, tawnlx or place, where the same shall be situate, so receiver gene- much money as the case may require, in addition to the amount SLvfudi ad- money &all have been already paid, or of dock already r " transferred

*' by

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 30. 531

transferred in respect of such land tax, as shall be necessary to ditional sums redeem the whole of the land tax contracted for in and by such as be new contract: provided also, That in every such case where the ^herlthe*1 land tax contracted for as aforesaid shall have been in the mean land tax has time decreased, and a new contract, shall be entered into for the been decreaf-redemption of the land tax then charged as aforesaid, in purfu- e<*» ance of this act, the of who shall enter into such last be Entered in-mentioned contract shall certify, in writing, signed by two or to, the com- more of them to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, the missionersftiall several amounts of the flock, or money contracted, to be trans- certify the ferred or paid by, and actually transferred or paid in pursuance stock of the original and new contracts respectively, and it shall there- transferred, upon be lawful for the said of for the affairs of taxes or money to order and direct the governor and company of the bank of Pnld>

England\ or any receiver or receivers general of land tax of the for^e affairs* county, riding, shire, stewartry, city, or place, where such Gf taxes, who manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments shall frail order be situate respectively, in cases where more or a greater confide- the difference ration has been transferred or paid on the original contract than to* the consideration inferred in the new contract, to repay all such monies, to the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, who shall appear to be entitled unto the same, as shall be due and payable in respect of such difference in the considerations of land tax, if such monies shall not have been veiled in flock, and in cases where such flock hath been purchased and placed in the name of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, then upon a certificate, signed by any three or more of the said of for the affairs or taxes, of the amount of flock transferred upon the original contract, and the amount required to be transferred upon the new contract, it shall be lawful for the said of for the reduction of the national debt, or any one or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to transfer the difference between such amounts of flock so certified to the person or persons, bodies, corporate or companies, entitled unto the same j which new contracts being registered in the manner and within the time directed by the said a#s, the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments comprized therein, shall be wholly exonerated from land tax from the said twenty-fifthL day of March one thousand eight hundred.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That any deed or deeds Deeds shall be required by the said a#s, or any of them, shall be valid and ^iWin^fix* efie#ual, although the same shall not have been inrolled or re* months after giftered within six calendar months from the time of the execu* passing this tion thereof, provided the same shall be inrolled or registered

within six months after the passing of this act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the This a6h and provisions in this a# shall, in the execution of the above-men- t^becot*9' tioned a#s, be used, applied, and continued, as if the same toge-provisions. were specifically enacted in the said a$s; and all and ther asoneafk every the provisions of the said a#s in the execution of

(except

55*- Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 31, 32. [1800.

(except where the same are hereby expressly varied) shall be used, extended, and construed, in like manner as if the same provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this act,

CAP. XXXI.

An sit for appointing commissionera to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and Inuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, together with those named In two former acts for appointing of of the land tax.

[April 34, 1800.]

CAP XXXII.

An act for indemnifying persons serving in volunteer corps, who have omitted to take out certificates for wearing hair powder; and to amend so much of an act made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a ^ury on certificates issued for using hair powder,

as relates to the exempting persons serving in volunteer corps, and certain officers in his Majesty's navy serving on the establishment of the royal hospital at Greenwich, from the said duty; and for'obliging persons claiming to be exempt from the duties on horses

provided and furnished for volunteer corps to deliver certificates thereof to the proper officers.

[April 24, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an an passed in the thirty-fifth year of the

35 Gje<x 3. W feign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting c. 49* to his Majesty a duty on certificates issued for using hair powder;

it was amongst other things enacted, 7bat nothing in the said afi contained should extend> or be confined to extend, to charge with the duty thereby imposed any officer or private man in any corps of yeomanry or volunteer/, either cavalry or infantry, raised by virtue of an afi % passed in the thirty - fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled^ 34 Geo. 3. An act for encouraging and disciplining such corps or companies c* of men, as shall volunrarily enroll themselves for the defence of

their counties, towns, or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom during the present war: and whereas doubts have arifsn an the said first recited act with respect to many officers and private men in such corps as to such exemption: and whereas many officers and private men in such corps using hair powder, havey through ignorance, ' and conceiving themselves to be exempt from the said duty, omitted to make such entries and obtain such certificates as are required by the said first-recitbd all, whereby they are or may become liable to the penalty contained therein \ for remedy whereof may it pleafi? your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirkua) and temporal and commons, in this present parliament Persons in- assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every person

rolled and inrolled and serving in any volunteer corps, or in any corps or

volunteer bocty of men associated for the defence of any city, town, or place,

corps, indem- and for maintaining publick tranquillity and good order within

nified for the same, whether of cavalry or infantry, and using hair powder,

using hair^who

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 52. 553

who shall have omitted to obtain a certificate, for that purpose, as powder with-, required by the said recited act of the thirty-fifth year of his pre- cateuntd "* sent Majesty's reign, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, April 5> t$0Q % and discharged, from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred, or to b eincurred, for or by reason of having ufad or worn hair powder, or for or by reason of wearing or using hair powder, until and upon the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred, without having obtained a certificate for that purpose, in pursuance of and according to the directions of the said first-receited act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing ex^ept wll5rc

0 # J* o UldiTClTlCIlt

in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to '^alj have indemnify any person against whom any final judgement or fen- been given fence shall have been given in any action, bill, plaint, or infor- before March mation, or by any ma^ifirate or justice of the peace, before the x> 1800, first day of March one thousand eight hundred, for any penalty or forfeiture for any such omission or neglect as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth After April 5, day of April one thousand eight hundred, nothing in the said recited, er£bn8shall act of the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign contained, not be charged shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the duty with the duty thereby imposed, any person inrolled or to be inrolled, and actually if the corps serving in any volunteer corps; or in any corps or body of men belon ^be^ associated for the defence of any city, town, or place, and for Jithin the maintaining publick tranquillity and good order within the same, provisions of whether of infantry or cavalry, which now are or shall her^fter 39 Geo. 3*

be raised; provided that such corps or body of men shall be with- J* comply in the provisions of an act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of the with the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for exempting, during regulations the present war, per fans serving in volunteer corps and associations from therein re-being hallotted for the militia, under certain conditions; and that the title them to" commanding officer of such corps or body of men, and the person be exempted claiming to be discharged of and from the said duty upon hair from serving powder certificates in purruance of this act, shall have respectively mthe complied with and conformed to the several provisions and regulations contained in the said act of the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign aforesaid, and by the said act required, to entitle any person therein mentioned to be exempt from being liable to serve personally, or to provide a substitute in any militia.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Persons daim-person claiming to be exempt by virtue of this act, of and from i?g exemp-the said duty upon hair powder certificates, shall, in lieu and in-

stead of delivering, or causing to be delivered, an account of his deliver a name and place of abode in the manner required by the said act certificate in of the thirty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, deliver or cause to the form an-be delivered a certificate in the form in the schedule to this act annexed marked (A), in like manner in every respect as is requir- recefpt from ed with respect to the making of the entries required to be made the proper in pursuance of the said act; and the proper officer appointed to irtue °j^cer afrce* certificates under the said Jaft recited act shall thereupon issue a receipt for such certificate made out in the name of such officer, igued,

which, aTP

b}

554 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 32. [idou,

which receipt shall be in the form in the schedule to this act an* nexed marked (BJ.

Officers under v. And whereas doubts have ari/ert whether officers holding com-wmmander m*JFlons* &, Majesty's navy under the rank of commander, employed employed on °* the establishment of the royal hospital at Greenwich, are exempt thcettabhfh- from the duty granted by thefhidrecited a Si: be it therefore enactetf, ment of That nothing in the said aftcontained shall extend, or be confirued hofnh^ex-° cxtcn^y to charge with the duty by the said recited act imposed, empted fromny officer holding a commission in his Majesty's navy under the

the duty.

Person* serv ing in any volunteer corps of cavalry, and those furnishing horses for

rank of commanderf who shall be employed on the establishment of the royal hospital at Greenwich.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from, and after the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred, every person serv* ing in any volunteer corps of cavalry, and who shall use any horse, mare, or gelding for such service, and every person furnishing any horse, mare, or gelding, for any persons serving in any such corps as aforesaid, who shall respefhvely claim to be exempt from

that purpose,

shall, to end- the payment of the duties granted by an act passed in the rnirty-

tleto rheex- eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An all thtdut onm> rePea^nZ tb* duties upon male servants, carriages, horses, mules, such horses and digs, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof, under 38 Geo. in respect of any such horse, shall, between the fifth day of April j. c. 4.1. and the thirtieth day of Moy in every year, deliver and cause to be deliver yearly, delivered by every person for whom any such horse shall be fur- 5>CandCMayn n, &c^as aforesaid, a certificate in the form in the schedule to this 30, acertin- aft annexed marked (A), at one of the respective offices in the cate in the said last recited act mentioned, or to the surveyor, inspector, or person appointed by the commissioners for the affairs of taxes to receive lifts under the said recited act as the same may require; and every such person, upon the delivery of such certificate, shall be entitled to receive, and shall receive from the surveyor, inspector, or other person aforesaid, to whom such certificate shall be delivered in pursuance of this act, a receipt in the form in the schedule to this act annexed marked (B); and every person claiming to be exempt from the said duty shall be charged and chargeable to the duties by the said recited act granted for every horse, mare, or gelding, so used or furnished as aforesaid, in respect whereof such certificate as aforesaid, shall not have been delivered pursuant to the provisions of this act; any thing in any act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

marked (A) to the officer appointed to receivf lifts under recited act, who shall give a receipt in the form marked (B).

SCHEDULE.

(A.)

FORM OF CERTIFICATE.

I commanding officer of the do hereby certify, in pursuance of an act passed in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act [ forth

title of this ail], that the muster rolls, certificates, and returns, of the said corps (or allocation), required by an act passed in the

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 33.

thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, /fa act for ex* erupting, during the present war, persons serving in volunteer corps and assodations from being ballotted for the militia, under certain conditions, have been duly delivered and returned according to the regulations of the said act; and that the said corps [or association) hath, in the course of the three months immediately preceding the date hereof, being inspected by general (or field)

officer in his Majesty's service, (or hath not been inspected by any general (or field) officer, but is ready and willing to be inspected), and that A.B. is inrolled and serving in the said corps (or association), and hath, fmce thedateof his inrolment, duly attended at the exercise of the said corps (or association,) unless prevented bysickness, or by such other sufficient reason as hath been duly all lowed by me, or by the commanding officer of the said corps (or association), for the time being.

Signed -

Commanding officer.

Dated the day of

wtUummm —

(B.)

FORM OF RECEIPT.

No.

Ido hereby certify. That hath this day delivered at a certificate from the commanding officer of the corps (or association) of for the purpose of exempting him the said from the payment of the said duty on

hair powder certificates, (ory on horses, mares, or geldings, provided or famished by him for the said corps, as the case may be\ pursuant to the directions of an act passed in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act [Irere insert the title of this at7].

Signed

Description whether officer of 1 stamps or ajfcffied taxes 3

Dated the day of

5SS

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to enable the lords of of his Majesty's treasury to issue exchequer bills, to a limited amount, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred $ and to enable the governor and company of the bank of England to advance cast> or builion, to be remitted abroad on account of foreign subsidies or fer* vices abroad.

[May 1, 1800.]

WHEREAS it may be necessary for the publick service that preamble.

exchequer bills to a limited amount should be ijsued, on tin credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be granted byparlia*

The treasury may issue exchequer biHs

$$ Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 33, [1800.

merit for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and* it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the __ lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or to the amount more of them, now or for the time being, or the lord high trea-of seven mil- surer for the time being, if they or he shall judge it adviseable at ably8t^hose an^ time or t'mes a^terhe Pang of this act, to prepare or make, issued under and issue, or cause to be prepared or made and issued, any num-themaltadtof ber of new exchequer bills, aot exceeding in exchequer bills this session current at the same time, the sum of seven millions, in the same

c. ij to be or likemanner, form, and order, and according to the same or like

rules and directions (except where other directions for making out the same are contaimed and particularly expressed in this aftj, as ia and by an act, made in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, are enacted and prescribed concerning payable out of the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of the said aftj supplies for which said exchequer bills shall be payable at any timeout of all 1800, 14 days or any of the.' aids or supplies which have been or shall be Gazette* See Srante(* ty parliament for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, on fourteen days notice being given by publick

advertisement in the Gazette, and in three or more of the London newspapers, of the day of payment thereof: provided always, That every such exchequer bill shall and may be signed by the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, or in his name, by any person duly authorised by the said auditor to sign the same, with the approbation of the lords of of the treasury, in - writing under their hands, or of any three or more of them.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein

under this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to authorise the exchequer lords of of his Majesty's treasury to issue any cxche-

bills on the quer bills on the credit of any duties or taxes granted by an act

Geo fa Prc^ent session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing

9 and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and

perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred; or by another aeft of the same session, intituled An act for eontinuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on penftons, offices, and perfmal estates, in England, Wales, and the town, of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, andhuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, in any other manner than they are authorised by the said acts; or to issue any exchequer bills on the credit of any aids or supplies which may be granted in the next session of parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That the exchequer bills to

interestnot made out in pursuance of this act shall and may bear an inte-

exceeding 3d. rest not exceeding the rate of three pence halfpenny per centum

aq. per cent. per diem, upon or in respect of the whole of the monies respectper diem, &c. f r tjvcfy

3

2. & 3. or on any aids that may be granted next session.

Exchequer bills shall bear

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 33. £57

tively contained therein; and that all such exchequer bills that shall not be paid out of all or any of the aids or supplies which have been or shall be granted by parliament for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred as aforesaid, shall be receivable as money in payment for any publick taxes, or to the receipt of any branch of the publick revenue, at any time after the expiration of four months from the date of any such bills respectively#

IV. And be it further enacted, That no exchequer bill to be Exchequer

made forth by virtue of this act shall be paid, received, or taken hills foiflued r J -.. »t a r not to be re-

by, or pals or be current with any collector or receiver of any ceived in pay-

revenue, aid, supply, or tax wharever, payable to his Majesty, his ment of the heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any revenue or at such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, \otherv/ile or on any other account become pay-than for the discharging and cancelling bf such exchequer bills, in able, case the same shall be in due course or order of payment), nor shall any action be maintained against any such collector or receiver for neglecting or refusing to receive any such exchequer bills, nor against any officer of the receipt of the exchequer for neglecting or refusing the same, before the day on which the same shall be made receivable as money in payment for any publick taxes or revenues as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the clauses, The clauses in

provisoes, powers privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, to

and disabilities contained in the said full recited act relating to the this act* exchequer bills authorised to be -made by the said act (except as

herein mentioned), shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said first recited act, or as if the said several provisions and clauses had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted, That it shall and Bank of Eng-may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of Eng- lami raa^i*n<* land, to advance or lend to his Majesty, in like manner, at the on the credit receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of all or any of the aids of this act, or supplies which have been or shall be granted by parliament for notwithstand-the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of three £*0, or* millions, any thing in an act, made in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for granting to their Majesties several rates and duties upon tonnage of ships and vessels, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for securing certain recompentes and advantages in the said ail mentioned^ to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the.sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war against Franee; or any thing in an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend and continue, until one 38 Geo. 3. month after the conclusion of the present war, the provisims contained c. 1 in an ail passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-fixib and

- by

thirty-

Bank may advance for the publick service in cadi or builion, any sum granted this lcffion for foreign sub-Udica.

[Preamble.]

His Majesty may grant licence to any British subject to import goods (nor prohibited) from countries in America belonging to any foreign European Sovereign or ft.lte, ia neutral ships* on payment of the same duties as if imported in Bri-tiih {hips.

Sugar and coffee to be warehoused: immediately on importation, &c.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 34, [1800.

thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty^ chapter ninety-one, vide-licet, On the twenty second of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven^ for the restriction on payments of cash by the bank, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England, to advance for the publick service, in cash or builion, any such sum to be remitted abroad> as they shall judge expedient, from time to time, not exceeding in the whole the amount which has been or shall be granted in this session of parliament on account of foreign subsidies or services abroad; any thing in any act to the courtary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act to permit the importation of goods and commodities from countries in America, belonging to any foreign European sovereign or flally in neutral ships, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and one.

[May r, 1800.]

WHEREAS by the laws now in force no goods or commodities whatsoever, of the growth, production, or manufacture of America, can (except in certain cases) be imported into this kingdom, but in Briti (h-built ships, owned and navigated according to law: and whereas it is expedient, under the present circumflanus, to permit certain goods and commodities to be imported, under restrictmf, in foreign ships belonging to subjects of flates in amity with his Majesty; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords' spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and1 after the pacing of this act, and until the twenty-ninth day of September one thou fend eight hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to grant licence to any British subject or subjects to import into this kingdom, for his or their own account, or for account of a subject or ihbjeds of any state in amity with his Majesty, from any country in America belonging to any foreign European sovereign or state, any goods or commodities of the growth or produce, whether manufetfured or otherwise, of any such country, not prohibited to be oftd or consumed in this kingdom, in any ship or veflet belonging to any state in amity with hrs Majesty, and under such rules, regulations* restrictions, and securities, as his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council* shall approve, and subject to the same duties as such goods and commodities would be subject to if impoFftedin any iSri/^-built Slip of vessel, and to the same rules, regulations, restrictions and securities, penalties and forfeitures, receding the payment of the same^any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IE Provided always, That all sugar and cofflfee imported hi pursuance of this act shall be warehoused immediately on importation, and shall not be taken out of warehouse to be used or

consumed

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 55. 559

consumed in this kingdom, but only for exportation to foreign NoJicmce to parts. beranJ5d to

III. Provided always, That no such license shall be granted not

to any person or persons who shall not have exported, or given have exported such security as shall be required for exporting from this kingdom goods to such according to ]aw, to the possessions in America belonging to e^e bearirT^such same European sovereign or state, any goods or commodities, proporfio^in bearing such proportion in value tcf the goods so to be imported, value to the.as his Majesty, by and with the advice aforesaid, shall think goods to he reasonable, and shall direct.

IV. provided always, That if any question shall arise in any case, whether any thing which shall be done was authorised to &c.

be done by virtue of any such licence, the proof that such thing proof, in case was done under the circumstances, and according to the terms of dispute, to and conditions in such licence to be expressed, shall lie on the }* cn°"]*j^Per" person or persons respectively claiming the benefit of such licence.^of the licence.

CAP. XXXV.

An qfl for granting a bounty on the importation of oats, until the frjl day of October one thousand eight hundred.

[May 1, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that encouragement should be ghen

1 for a limited time, to the importation of oats into this king-"f dom_: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice-and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this A bounty rf^ ad, for oats imported or brought into this kingdom in British imported ships or vessels, or in ships or vessels belonging to persons of any before 0&, x, kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, however the same 1800.

may be navigated, there shall be paid and allowed the following N?2 bounty; (that is to say), whenever the average price of oats, ascertained and published in the London Gazette under the authority of any act or acts of parliament, shall be less than forty (hil-lings per quarter, there shall be paid and allowed on every quarter of oats, (each Winchester bushel whereof shall weigh thirty-six pounds avoirdupois or upwards), a bounty equal to the difference tits* between such average price and forty shillings per quarter, and which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the: first day of October one thousand eight hundred, from any port of Europe, or any port in the Mediterranean, or in Africa, or from any of his Majesty's .colonies in-'America^ or the United States,

II. And be it further enacted, That the said bounty (halt be ^der th^ under the management of the commissioners of his Majesty's ^agemento^" customs in England and ScolJand respectively, and shall be paid the commis-out of any monies in their hands arising by any of the duties or (toners of cuf-revenues under their management respectively, to the respectivetom8# importers or consignees of such oats; provided always, That Entry to be fit. a due entry shall be made with the proper officers of the customs, ^c^V*

\ at the port into which the same shall be imported: provided also, porution, and jl*VoL. XLII, Oo That proof given

5<$°

that the oats

at certain places,

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 35. [1800.

That the collector or other proper officer of the customs of the w^tuiefr0m ^OT} w^ere oats be imported, do receive full and

satisfactory proof, that the said oats for which the bounty herein allowed is claimed, are wholly and entirely without mixture of any other corn or grain, or of grain the growth of any other country than in respect whereof the said bounty is claimed, and that in default thereof, the said bounties shall not nor shall any of them be allowed or paid, to be allowed III. Prov*ded always, and be it enacted, That the bounty unless the oats granted by this act shall not be paid, allowed, or received, un-are imported Jcfs the oats shall be imported or brought respectively intofome one or other of his Majesty's ports, (that is to say). The ports of London, Aberystwyth, Barnstaple, Beaumaris, Berwick, Biddefori, Bofion, Bridgewater, Bridport, Bristol, Cardiff, Cardigan, Carlisle, Carnarvon, Chester, Chichester, Colchester', Cowes, Dartmouth, Dyer, Exeter, Falmouth, Fowey, Harwich, Hull, Ipswich, Loncaster, Liverpool, Lyme, Lynn, Malden, Milford, Newcastle, Newhaven, Penzance, Plymouth, /W<r, Portsmouth, Preston, Rochester,$W-tu/VA; Scarborough, Shoreham, Southampton, t Stockton, Sunderland, Swansea, Wells, Weymouth, Whitehaven, Whitby, Wijltach, Yarmouth; Aberdeen, Ayr, Alloa, Borrowfloness, Campbeltown, Dumfries, Dunbar, Port Dundas, Dundee, Grangemouth, Glasgow, including Par/ Glasgow, Greenock, Kirkcaldy, Kirkcudbright, Z«7i, Lerwick, Montrose, Perth, and Wigton.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any of the said oats imported or brought into this kingdom for bounty under the officers of the regulations of this act, shall be delivered out of the charge the customs of the proper officer or officers of the customs of the port where the same shall be respectively so imported or brought, such oats shall be carefully and attentively inspetfed or examined by such officer or officers of the customs as the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively shall think fit to diredfc for that duty, and two indifferent and disinterested persons experienced in the nature of the article to be so inspected or examined; which two indifferent and disinterested persons shall be chosen by the principal officers of the customs at such port, or any two of them, whereof the collector for the time being shall be one; which said officer or officers of the customs so directed by the said of of the customs respectively, and the said two indifferent and disinterested persons, so chosen as aforesaid to inspect and examine the said oats, shall, upon having reviewed the same, certify and declare upon their corporal oaths, first administered by the said principal officers, or any two of them, whereof the collector shall be one, (who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same), whether the said oats are or are not merchantable and fit for making meal; and if the same shall appear by such certificate merchantable and fit for making meal, the bounties respectively granted by this act shall be paid and allowed thereon; but if the same shall appear by such certificate not to be merchantable or fit for making meal, no bounty granted by this act shall be paid or allowed thereon.

Oats imported, to be xnfpected by and two ikil-ful persons, who are to certify whether they are fit for making meal.

a

I

'Sitei

K*iv

jCDJi'

1

t&er

11

l-5eci

1 ,

Gr

-L

c[

h

't'l;

: e; s

;C>

'y.£':

k'

of'"*'

r:, If*

; 5

i

1L*'

J

i

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 35* 561

V. And be it further enacted, That the said indifferent and Recompence disinterested persons, so chosen by the said principal officers to 7adetlie inspect and examine the said oats, shall from time to timebempe °r8# paid by an order of the commissioners of his Majesty's custojms,

or any four or more of them, in England\ or the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, out of any monies in their hands, arising by any of the duties or revenues under their management respectively, the following sums, by way of recompence or reward for their trouble in so inspecting, examining and certifying, (that is to say), the sum of one penny per quarter for all oats inspected and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater ot less quantity.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Commission-any oats shall be so imported or brought from any of the ports *fvboun-or places herein mentioned into any of the respective ports herein [y^onoAts also enumerated, subsequent to the time limited by this act, but imported be -before the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred, it foie Oct. 15, shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's

customs in England and Scotland respectively, to order the bounty having f^i^d

or bounties respectively to be paid thereon in like manner as if at such times,

the same had been imported within the time limited by this act; that they

provided proof shall be made, to the satisfaction of the said com- ndgntinthe*.t ordinary

missioners respectively, that the ships or vessels on board of which COUrie of their

respectively such oats shall be so imported or brought, actually voyage have

and bona fide set fail from such respective ports or places, for Great arrived before

Britain, in such time as they might in the ordinary course of their

voyage have arrived in Great Britain before the first day of October

one thousand eight hundred; and proof shall also be given, and

entry shall be made, and the oats inspected and examined and

certified in like manner as is required by this act, to authorise the payment of bounty on the said oats imported within the time limited by this act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any ship or vessel Vessels arriv-has arrived or shall arrive at any port in Great Britain, where, ^ere the^ according to the regulation of this act, the bounty is not allowed, ^0unty j9 not the said ship or vessel shall and may lawfully depart from such allowed, may port, without molestation or hindrance, with the oats on board, fail to one and may carry the same to any other port in Great Britain atwhercitis# which the same may be entered for the bounty, and there enter,

land, and deliver the same, subject nevertheless to each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, and restrictions of this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue Continuance in force, until the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight of aft; hundred.

IX. Provided always, That any part of this act may be altered, which may be

varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present altered or re* session of parliament.'SSfom thl*

002

562 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 36. [1800.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to enable courts of equity to compel a transfer of foci in,

without making the governor and company of the bank af England, or the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or the governor and company of merchants j/'Great Britain trading to the South Seas, or other parts of America, part) thereto.

[May i, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

aii lx

»bli «i»a, i it paid ii

a dm

jte

WHEREAS great expence arises in suits in courts of equity from the practice of making the governor and company of the hank of England parties thereto, for the mere purpose of compelling, or authorising the said corporation to fujfer any transfer oj foci standing in their books to be made which ju/iice may require \ be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority Any court of of the same, That it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's order the^ courts of equity, before or upon hearing any cause depending bank^of Eng- therein, to order the governor and company of the bank of inland to (iisser hnd to suffer a transfer of stock (landing in their books to be a transfer of made, or to pay any accrued or accruing dividends thereon, be-inade10^ to or Ending in the names of any party to a suit, as

pay divi-to courts may deem just; or to issue an injunction to reftram

denas, be- them from differing any transfer of such stock, or from paying longing to, or any dividends or interest accruing or accrued thereon, although

standing in such governor and company are not parties to the suit in which the names of A.5__________l.__________..u-

Siiusj

asm i

*10;

*91

: -feS

'0*'

any party to c*ccree or order shall be made, such courts being satisfied by

a (uit, or if- the certificate of the accountant of the said corporation, duly sue an injunc- signed by him as herein after is directed, that the stock required tionto re- to be transferred is (landing in their books in the name of the

transferor persons or person required to transfer the same, or of the persons

payment, al- or person to whom they or he are or is the legal representative;

though the and that after due service of a short order upon the said gover*

bank be not a nor ancj company, or their proper officer, which shall contain no par y, &c. rCcital Gf their pleadings, or other matter than the title of the cause, and the ordering part of such decree or order which respects the said governor and company, and for which the sum of eighteen shillings and no more, shall be paid, like process shall issue to enforce such order or decree as to enforce them against any party to a suit depending in such court.

II. And for the better enabling any party to afuit to obtain andpro* OnrequeO; of ^nce jvck certificate in court, be it enacted, That upon request in courtYnd^he writing signed by the clerk in court (or other officer answering solicitor of the thereto) and the solicitor concerned in the cause for the" party party, the applying, which shall state the cause, and for what parties they bank shall de- are concerned, the governor and company of the bank of England cate stating - deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the said clerk in court, the amount of or other officertnd solicitor, or one of them, a certificate signed such stock or by their accountant, dating the amount of such stock or divi-dividends, tlends, and in whose names or name (iich stock is (landing in their

'/i

'm

&c. for which

:« r[»: i

/tefc

c:

p if civ

tv ice %: T»ponl« ifr

c: ji: &': njk b£

me.; bade -

jHV to i

aSas*

Is 01 fer.

orai

', CP

: pK'

; V

J

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 36. 563

their books, and, if it be particularly required (but not otherwise) the fees here-when such stock or any part thereof was transferred, and by whom, for the signing of which request in writing, there shall j-

be paid to such clerk in court or other officer, a fee of six shillings and eight-pence, and no more, and to such solicitor, for the drawing, copying, and delivering at the bank, a fee of thirteen shillings.and four-pence, and no more, and to the officer making out and delivering such certificate, a fee of two shillings and sixpence, and no more: provided nevertheless. That nothing Act nottoex-herein contained shall extend to any case where any further dif- d?ico

covery is wanted than what is herein-beforeexpressly mentioned, very than nor to any case where the said governor and company claim any herein men-interest in or lien upon the said fund, but that in such cases it shall tioned; nor be necessary to make them a party to such suit as if this act had never, been made; and that if any special matter shall arf(e, bankclaim an which, in the opinion of the said governor and company, shall interest in the affect their interests, or which might be objected against suffering fund, &c % such transfer of stock or payment of dividends, it shall be lawful for them to state such matter to the court by motion or petition in such suit, and that execution of process to compel such transfer or payment shall be suspended until final order shall be made thereon.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all suits now depend- In suits de-ingiri which the said governor and company may have put in pending where their answer, not claiming any interest in or lien upon the stock ^"heir^ required to be transferred, no further proceeding shall be had answer, not against them as a party to such suits, but that the bill shall stand claiming any dismissed as against them in such suits 5 and that in all such suits ^tcreft m an order may be made, upon motion or petition as of course, for l^Vcd^o be the taxing of their costs already incurred, and for immediate transferred, payment thereof by the plaintiffs in any such suits, or any of proceedings them, subject however to any further order as between the other shall be stop-parties to such suits, respecttng the final payment of such costs, dShriffed

as by the court int which any suit may be depending shall be 9

deemed just.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the several regulations ^he PrOV*7., and provisions herein-before enacted, shall extend mutatis mutandis

to every case where the united company of-merchants of England to the East Intrading to the East Indies, of the governor and company of mer* dia company chants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas or other parts ^d the South of America, have any stock (landing in the books of such respect where they* tive corporations, which may now be or hereafter may become jjave stock the subject of any suit in equity or incidental thereto, faVing to (landing in the said corporations respectively the like right of being made a their books, party, or applying by motion or petition, in such suits as is before ^omedie reserved or given to the governor and company of the bank of/ubjeft ofa England. suit in equity.

003

5^4 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 37, 38, [1800.

CAP. XXXVII.

- An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in

that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand eight hundmi.

[May 16, 1800.]

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for repealing so much of an act, made in the last fejfrn of parliament, intituled An act for permitting certain goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused; and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, as relates to saltpetre.--[May 16, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an aEly made in the last session of parliament, 39 Geo. 3. intituled An act for permitting certain goods imported

c. 59* from the East Indies to be warehoused j and for repealing the

duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, provision is made for wgrehoufwg any goods, wares, or merchandizes, except tea, cotton, wool, nutmegs, mace, cloves, and cinnamon, and builion, diamonds, and other preciousJlones, upon importation and landing thereof by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in manner therein mentioned, and upon payment of the new and additional duties of customs in the said act mentioned: 'and whereas it is expedient that faitpetre should be exempted from tie operation of the said recited act, and from the duty thereby imposed Recited act thereon > btf it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent so far as re- majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual fptfts salt- and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affem-cd^ano^ch bled, ar>d by the authority of the same, That the said recited act, faitpetre as f° far as relates to faltpetxe, shall be, and the same is hereby remain in the repealed and that the duty thereby imposed on faitpetre shall East India cease and determine; and that, from and after the passing of waTeh^uftshis a<^> t^e fa h pet re which shall remain, or be unfold, in the

and adhere- warehouses of the said united company, and all faitpetre hereafter after im- imported by the said united company, shall be subject and liable ported, shall to l^e same rules, regulations, and provisions, and charged and ' t^ahgtr<i clrargeable with the same duties as were in force immediately dutirs payable before the passing of the said recited act; the said act, or any thing previous to therein contained, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-receited act. (landing.

Duty on salt-

II. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Pa^lnS of this a<^> the duty or duties which before the passing of paid or fe- the fa^ recited act would have been payable on any faltpetere cured as if which shall remain, or be unfold, in the warehouses of the said thenimported. united company, on the importation, shall be paid or secured by the said united company, in like manner as if the same faitpetre had been then imported by them.

ib]

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 39. 56$

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for increasing the rates of fubffiance to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

[May 16, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the present session of parliament,

for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment Mutiny a St of the army and their quarters, certain rates are established in that recited. part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of\Vales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the payment of innholders and others on whom non-commissioned officers and private soldiers, are quartered and billetted, who shall be furnished with diet and small beer at their quarters \ and an option is given to such innholders and others, to fumish certain articles gratis, in lieu of diet and small beer, at the rates prescribed: and whereas the occasion of marching and quartering of troops has increased, and may continue, and the rules prescribed for furnishing soldiers with necessaries are, in many instances, become, from the high price of provisions, inadequate, and are product ive of distress to such innholders and others: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majeslv, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every non-commissioned officer and private Non-commis-soldier who shall be furnished with diet and small beer within the fioned officers aforesaid part of Great Britain, by the innholders or other persons and soldiers, on whom such non-commissioned officers or private soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said act, shall pay and for diet and allow for the same one shilling and four-pence per diem; and small beer that the accounts of the same shall be rendered, and payment garters in thereof made, in like manner as is directed in the said act now Eng 311 5 in force touching the former rates of seven-pence per diem for the cavalry, and five-pence per diem for the infantry.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any innholders or and for arti-other persons on whom any non-commissioned officers or Pr*vate ^avebeen fur men shall be quartered, shall, by virtue of the said option in gratia the said act, furnish such non-commissioned officers or soldiers in lieu therewith the articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furnishing diet of, one half* and small beer, at the rates prescribed by this act, such inn-holders or other persons on whom such non-commissioned an0wed. officers or soldiers arc quartered, and by whom the said articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive, in consideration thereof, one halfpenny per diem for each hon-commissioned officer and soldier, instead of furnishing the same gratis, as required by the said act* which sum of one halfpenny per diem shall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is directed touching the rates aforesaid. For horsefl

III. And be it further enacted, That the sum to be paid to quartered t«. the innholder or other person, on whom any of the horses be- ad. per diem longing to his Majesty's forces shall be quartered by virtue of hayand*ihaw

OO4

566 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1800.

the said act, for hay and draw, shall be one shilling and twopence per diem for eaph horse, instead of sixpence per dim as, directed in the said act.:

IV. And whereas the provisons contained in the said recited act, 1 with respect to the manner of dieting non-commissioned officers and soldiers on a marchy or employed in recruitings and likewise the recruits.by them raijedy have been productive of much inconvenience, as well So much of to the troops as the innholders, be it further enacted, That so much recited act as of the said recited act as relates to the manner of furnishing non-r?Jj^s commissioned officers and soldiers on a march) or employed in dietnon^com- recruiting, and likewise the recruits by them raised, with diet or nnflioned of- other provision, be, and the same is hereby repealed, ficers and > V. And be it further enacted, That all non-commissioned soldiers on a officers and soldiers shall be entitled to receive their diet and crffiting°re* fma^ beer from lnnh°'ders or other persons on whom they pealed. may be billetted', at the rates herein-before prescribed, while on

Regulation the march, as also on and for the day of their arrival at the

with respecto place of their final destination, and on the two subsequent days, dieting non- unless either of the two subsequent days shall be a market day in

officers and an<* for l^e town or P*ace w^erc such 0cer* or soldiers shall be

soldiers on billetted, or within the distance of two miles thereof, in which

their march, case it shall and may be lawful for the innholder, or other person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such market day the supply of diet and small beer, and to fumish in lieu thereof the articles in the said recited act specified, and at the rate hereinbefore prescribed.

Person8 pay-

VI. Provided always, That if any victualler, or other person

ing money to liable by the said recited act, to have soldiers billetted or quar-nou-commis- tered on him or her, shall pay any sum or sums of money to any honed officers non-commissioned officer or soldier on the march, in lieu of aVarch inon fornishing in kind the diet and small beer to which such non-lieu of tur- commissioned officer or soldier is entitled under the said act, milling diet every such victualler or other person may be proceeded again#

beer^Tia'de to an(* ^ncc*> m ^e manner as if he or she had refused to fumiffi be fined1/ or a^ow according to the directions of the said recited at, the federal things respectively directed to be furnished to non-commissioned officers or soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid.

When halted

VII. Provided also, That if any regiment, troop, company, on a march, or detachment, when on the march, shall be halted, either for fioned°officer8 a or indefinite time, at any intermediate place, the norl-

and soldiers commissioned officers and soldiers belonging the reth shall be entitled to entitled to receive their diet and small beer from the persons on diet and small whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate place, for such beer as auxr tjme only for which they would be entitled to receive the same thTir dertina-frer arriving at the place of their final destination, according to tion: this act.

and if such

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen halting ue that any regiment, troop, company, or detachment, when on after ajnvJ3^ marc^» &all be halted, and it shall appear by the marching

and Wtbe a that it is not intended that such regiment, troop, company,

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 39, 40. 567

pany, or detachment, shall halt for any longer time than one market day,

intire day after the day of their arrival at the place of halting,

and the day after such arrival shall be such market day as afore-Ju*tobedif-

said, it shall not be lawful for the innholders or other persons on continued.

whom the non-commissioned officers and soldiers shall be billetted,

+to discontinue, on such market day, the supply of diet and small beer to any such officers or soldiers; but that all such officers and soldiers shall be entitled to receive their diet and small beer, from such innholders and other persons aforesaid, upon such market day as aforesaid, at the rates herein-before prescribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto if such day had not been a market day; any thing herein-before contained

to the contrary Hereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all non-commissioned Regulation# officers and private men employed in recruiting, and the recruits respecting by them raifdd, shall, while on the march, and for two days ^tief and after the day of their arrival at any recruiting station, be entitled recruits on to the same benefits as are herein-before provided in regard to their march, troops upon the march; but no recruit enlisted after the two

days subsequent to the arrival of the party at their recruiting station, shall be entitled to be supplied with diet and small beer at the rate herein-before prescribed, except at the option of the person on whom he shall be quartered: provided also nevertheless. That in case any such recruiting party, with the recruits by them raised, shall remove from their station, an4 after a time shall return to the same place, they, and the recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the supply of diet and small beer for such two days as aforesaid, unless the period between the time of their removal from such place, and their return thereto, shall have exceeded twenty-eight days.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the rates f^ence by an of subsistence directed to be paid* to innkeepers and others, on lift fcf-quartering soldiers by an act passed in the last session of-parlia- fion, to be ment, shall be payable until the commencement of this adfc. payable until

XI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall commence ^ent^f this and take placo from the day of the passing thereof, and be in a*

force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight continuance hundred and one; and that this act may be altered, varied, or ofact; repealed, by an act or acts to be passed in this present session of which may be parliament. altered or repealed this session.

CAP. XL.

An act to enlarge the powers of the directors and guardians of the poor withtn the several hundreds, towns^and dislrifts, in that part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers acts of parliament, for the purpose of the better maintenance and employment of the poor, as to the assessments to be made upon the several partjhes, hamlets, and places therein mentioned^ until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and two.

[May i6, 1800.]

W^ll^ogle

5^8 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1800.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, madi in the thiriy-sixth year (f the Z& Geo. 3. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better'IO* relief of the poor within the several hundreds, towns, and dif-

trids, in that part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers acts of parliament for the purpose of the better main* tenance and employment of the poor; and for enlarging the power of the guardians of the poor, within the said several hundreds, towns, and districts, as to the assessments to be made upon the several parishes, hamlets, and places, within their respective hundreds, towns, and districts, for the suppprt and maintenance of the poor, powers were given to the directors and acting guardians of the poof'y incorporated by acts of parliament, in certain cases, to make such assessments as might be necessary for the support and maintenance of the poory notwithstanding the y might exceed the assessments limited by the respective acts; and it was by the said recitedaft provided) thaty from and after the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty the sums to be ccjfejfed by virtue thereof on any parish, hamlet, or place, should never exceed, in any one ye ary the amount of double the sum at that time raised by virtue of any incorporating aft thbi existing: and whereas, on account of the scarcity of corny in consequence of the late unfavourable harvefly and the advanced price of almost every necessary article of subsistence or utility, the amount of the rates and aJJeJfments, Jo limited by the said recited act to be collected, are become inefficient for the necessary relief and maintenance of such poory who have of late very much increased in number; and it is expedient, that so much of the said recited act as dire fts such limitation, should be repealed, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, So much of That, from and after the passing of this act, so much of the said asdire^sthat^ recitec* a<^ as ^re(^s that from and after the first day of January after Jan. i,one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the sums to be 1798, the sums assessed on any parish, hamlet, or place, should never exceed, in to be assessed any one year, the amount of double the sum at that time raised by virtue of any incorporating ad then existing, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And whereas by the said recited act, the directors and acting guardians of the poory incorporated by acts of parliament as therein mentioned, were empowered, at any of their annualy quarterly, or other general meetings, to make the said assejfments under the limitation in the said act mentioned, whenever the average price of wheaty at the corn market in Mark Lane, London, for the quarter immediately preceding such annualy quarterly or other general meeting, should have ' exceeded the average price of wheat at the same market, during those

fears from which the average amount of the poor's rates was lakeny upon the pojfing of the several incorporating acts respectively: and whereas it is proper that so much of the said recited act as regulates the average price of wheat in the manner before mentionedJbotdd be Instead of the repealed, and other provisions made for that purtqft* be it therefore aflcflmenU further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the said

on any place should not ex cccd Che amount of double the fpm at that time raised, shall be repealed.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 41. 569

bid directors and atSing guardians of the poor incorporated as directed to be aforesaid, shall be empowered to make the said assessments, when-^ait* ever the average price of wheat, at the corn market in Mark t^e directors Lane, London, shall exceed three pounds per quarter; any thing in and guardians

the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding. of the P°°r

" may make

those asseflVnents whenever the price of wheat at the market In Mark Lane shall exceed 3l. per quarter.

III. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue Continuance and be in force until the first day of January one thousand eight of aft, hundred and two, and no longer.

CAP. XLI.

An act for explaining and amending several a Sis, made in the thirty-Jecotidyear of King Henry the Eighth, and the first, thirteenth, and fourteenth years of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, far as respects leases granted by archbishops, bifops, masters and jellows of colleges, deans and chapters of cathedral and collegiate churches» masters and guardians of hospitals, and ethers having any spiritual or ecclesiasticqlliving or promotion.

[May 16, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen whether archbishops, bifops,

masters, and fellows of colleges, deans and chapters of cathedral and collegiate churches, masters and guardians of hospitals, and others having any spiritual or ecclesiastical living or promotion, who are by several affs, passed in the reigns of their late majesties King Henry the Eighth and Queen Elizabeth, refrained from granting any leases of their fates whereon the accustomed yearly rent is not reserved\ can lawfully grant separate leases of parts of lands or tenements which have been usually demised by one Icafe and under one renty reserving on the several parts so demised less than the rent anciently reserved on the iemife of the whole, though the aggregate amount of the rents so reserved on such separate demises sould be equal to or exceed the amount of the annual accustomed rent for the whole: and whereas many such separate leases have been granted, and great inconvenience may arise to persons claiming under such leases, if such leases should not be deemed valid and effectual, in case the amount of the rent anciently reserved on demises of the whole shall appear to have been reserved on the separate demises of the different parts; and the power of dividing tenements, anciently so demised in one parcel at one rent, may in many cases tend to improve the value of the efiates belonging to such ecclesiastical persons and bodies respectively, as well as to the benefit of their lessees and the publick\ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases where any Where any honours, cattles, manors, messuages, lands, tythes, tenements, or of the other hereditaments, being parcel of the possessions of any arch- ^ny ^chbi-bishop, bishop, master, and fellows, dean and chapter, mailer foop, &Cm or or guardian of any hospital, or any other person or persons, or person hav-body or bodies politick or corporate, having any spiritual or j.n8rccle-

ecclesiastical living or promotion, and having been anciently or ing, ^ha)lbe

accustomably demifedby fc-

pal t shall he demited for less than the ancient rent, and the reti-

570 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 41. [1800.

verd leases* accustomably demised by one lease under one rent, or divers tonnerly^de rents issuing out of the whole, now are or shall hereafter be demised by one, m>fed by several leases to one or several persons under an appor-or where a tioned or several rents, or where a part only of such honours, manors, messuages, lands, tythes, tenements, or other hereditaments -as last mentioned, are or shall be demised by a separate lease or leases, under a less rent or fess rents than wa^or were accustomably reserved for the whole by such former lease, and due shall be re* the residue thereof is or shall be retained in the possession or tai<?e<rm thf occupation of the lessor or lessors, the several and distinct rents the Lfibr, °!he reserved on the separate demises of the several specifick parts several rents thereof comprized in and demised by such several leases, shall be

referred on deemed and taken to be the ancient and accustomed rents for the separate such specifick parts respectively, within the intent and meaning l'pecificf p^rts6 an Pa^ in the thirty-second year of the reign of his late shall be taken majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled, Lessees to enjoy thrfarm to be the an- against the tenants in tail; and of an act passed in the first year cient vents of the reign of her late majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act

meaning of giving'authority to the £hteen's majesty, upon the avoidance of any

32 Henry 8. archbishop or hifop, to take into her hands certain of the temporal c. 28. t Eliz. pcjpfftons thereof recompensing the same with parsonages impropriate c. 19.13 Ehz. Qn(i fythes; and of another act passed in the thirteenth year of Eliz TVi4. t^ie ^ame Qlleen> intituled. Fraudulent deeds mode by spiritual persons, to defeat their successors of remedy for dilapidations, shall be void\ < &c. and of another act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of the same Queen, intituled An act for the continuation^ exp Ian a-tion, perfecting and enlarging of divers statutes.

Demise made, II. rrovided always, That nothing herein contained shall before parting extend to confirm or render valid any demise made before the this act not passing of this act, unless the several rents reserved upon the Se rents re- fcParate demises of separate parts or tenements, theretofore ac-ierved be customably demised under one entire lease, shall be equal to or equal to or more than the rent or rents theretofore accustomably reserved on more than the the entire demise of the whole, or in case the whole should not rents accus- be de^fed, but part reserved in the possession of the lcffor or lessors, unless the rents reserved on the parts demised should be so far equal to or more than the whole amount of the ancient rent or rents, that the part not demised should be sufficient to answer the difference.

tomably reserved, &c.

Where the

III. Provided also, That where the whole of any such honours, whole of such castles, manors, messuages, lands, tythes, tenements, or other premises shall hereditaments, accustomably demised by one lease, shall be parts^the ag- demised in parts by several leases after the passing of this act, the gregate rents aggregate amount of the several rents which shall be reserved by reserved shall such separate leases, be not less than the old accustomed rent or rents theretofore reserved by such entire lease; and that where a accustomed Part on^ be demised by any such separate lease, and the rent, and so residue shall be retained in the possession of the lessor or lessors, in proportion the rent or rents to be reserved by such separate lease or leases, (hajTbe notn ProPortion to the fine or fines to be received

lined inpof-^granting such lease or leases, than the rent or rents accustomed

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 41. 571

to be reserved for the whole of the said premises, was in propor- f^Hon by the tion to the fine received on granting the laii entire lease. JeiTor.

IV. Provided also, That no greater proportion of the accus* No greater

tomed rent be reserved by any separate lease hereby confirmed or proportion of allowed to be granted, than the part of the premises thereby e^renT/hdT* severally demised will reasonably bear and afford a competent be reserved by security for any ftp? rate

V. Provided also, That where any specifick thing, incapable lease than the of division or apportionment shall have been reserved or made ^/ed^wiU^ payable to the leflor or leffors, his or their heirs or successors, bear.

either by way of rent, or by any covenant or agreement con- Where any tained in any such entire lease, the same may be wholly reserved spenrick thing and made payable out of a competent part of such lands or tene- shall have been ments demised by any such several lease as aforesaid; and in case, lttfbr it in any lease already granted, and intended hereby to be con- nny be a' firmed, any such provision shall appear to have been made for charge on the the payment and delivery of any such sum or sums of money, stipends, augmentations, or other things as aforesaid, the same im c9c* shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully made, in case the lands and tenements charged therewith shall be of a greater annual value than the payment or other things so charged, exclusive of the rent or other annual payment reserved to the lessor orleflors.

VI. Provided further, That nothing herein contained shall wherel

extend to authorise or confirm any lease whereon no annual rent no annual" is or shall be reserved to the leflor or Ieflors, his or their successors rent to the or assigns. fcflbr is re-

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this act, served*

or any thing herein contained, shall not authorise the reservation Not to autho-or payment of any rent or rents upon any such several lease made^ontfan- or to be made under authority of this act, by any master, provost, IcntonRiif7 presidentj warden, dean, governor, rector, or chief ruler of any such lease. college, cathedral church, hall or house of learning, in the uni- made by any verfities of Oxford and Cambridge, or by the warden or other ^aa^r, c^I head officer of the colleges of Winchester and Eaton, in any other th/imiver

manner or proportions than is required by an act passed in the fities, &c. m eighteenth year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Eliza- any other betby intituled An act for maintenance of the colleges in the universt- f11311^ ties, and of Winchester and Eaton. iSEIizl

VIII. Provided also, That where any such accustomably entire Where pay-leases as aforesaid shall have usually contained covenants on the ments have part of the lessee or lessees for the payment or delivery, or shall been reserved have in any other manner subjected or charged such lessee or to vicars, &c. lessees to or with the payment or delivery of any sum or sums of^ money, stipend, augmentation, or other thing, to or for the use fion fl/alJ be of any vicar, curate, schoolmaster, or other person or persons, made in lease* other than and besides the leflor or leffors', and his or their heirs for the future or successors, all or any such leases as shall hereafter be granted {hereof ^ut of the same lands or tenements in severalty as aforesaid, shall of preriifea and may lawfully provide for the future payment and delivery of of three times such sum or sums of money, stipends, augmentations, or other th* annual

things, va, uc'

I

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 42. [1800.

things, by and out of any part or parts of the lands or tenements accustomably charged therewith, not being of less annual value than three times the amount of the payment so to be charged thereon, exclusive of the proportion of rent or other annual payments to be reserved to the lessor or leffors.

Not to con-

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend firm the claim to establish or confirm the claim of any vicar, curate, school-&cantoTuch, ma^er> °* otficr person or persons, to any such sum or furas, payment, 0 salary, stipend, or other thing as aforesaid, the payment and where it de- continuance whereof shall depend only on the will of the person pends only on or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, granting or

rfon1 rant-6 rcnewln& ^ea^e or ^eases, respectively.

Ing or renew- X. And be it further enacted, That where any person or per-ing the lease. fons now holding, or who shall hereafter hold, any such lease or Persons hold- leases as in this act mentioned, shall or may hold the same, or ing such leases any specifick part of the lands or tenements thereby demised,

in trust, or in trust for any other person or persons, or for any body or bodies granting un- », 3 r^, \ 7, J J.r

der lenses of politick or corporate, or shall have granted any under lease or

specifick parts under leases of any specifick part or parts of his, her, or their undercove- respective holdings, and be under any covenant or engagment newal°may ^or renewa^ thereof to any other person or persons, body or bodies surrender*politick or corporate, when and as often as his, her, or their them, thatfe- own lease or leases shall be renewed, it shall and may be lawful parate leases for such person or persons as first mentioned, at any time or times ed^by^tl^ori- a^tcr PanS t*"8 a<^» to surrender his, her, or their lease ginal leffors*or leases, in order that separate and distinct leases may be granted to the cestui- by the original lessor or leffors of such specifick parts of the same que, trustsand premises as shall have been held in trust, or subject to such on reasonable covenants or engagements for renewal as aforesaid, to the reterms subject spective under lessees and cestuique trusts, upon fair and reasonable to the accus- terms, subject to an apportionment of the accustomed rent or tomed rent, rents, and other payments, according to the intent and meaning of this act; and every such surrender so made, and the new leases to be granted thereon, according to the intent artd meaning of this act, shall be good and effectual in law and equity, notwithstanding such under lessees and cestuique trusts, or any of them, shall ox may be infants,issue unborn, femes covert, persons absent from the realm, or otherwise incapacitated to act for themselves, provided that such new leases respectively be for the benefit of the several persons entitled to the benefit of such surrendered lease or leases respectively, and be express so declared in the body of each such new leases respectively.

CAP. XLII.

An act for the better observance of Good Friday, in certain cajii therein mentioned.

[May 16, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the bank of England and bankers in general are often under the necessity of transacting business on Good Friday, for the purpose of receiving money for bills of exchange and

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 43, 44. 57 j

promissory notes becoming payable on that day, in consequence whereof many persons are prevented observing the same with due solemnity; now, therefore, for the better observance of Good Friday, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and of the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That where bills of exchange and promissory Where bills notes become due and payable on Good Friday, the same shall, of excharge from and after the first day of June next ensuing, be payable on the day before Good Friday: and the holder or holders of such become pay-bills of exchange or promissory notes may note and protest the at>ie on Good same for non-payment on the day preceding Good Friday, in like Friday, the manner as if the same had fallen due and become payable or, the

day preceding Good Fridays and such noting and protests shall [^before,* have the same effect and operation at law as if such bills and and the hold-promissory notes had fallen due and become payable on the day ers thereof preceding Good Friday, in the same manner as is usual in the

cases of bills of exchange and promissory notes coming due on non-payment the day before any Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, and on such pre-before the feast of the nativity or birth day of our Lord, commonly ceding day* called Christmas day.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to confirm an agreement entered into between the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury and the most noble Charles duke of Richmond, in pursuante of an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the of of the treasury to contract with the most noble Charles duke of Richmond, for the absolute purchase of the property of the said duke, and of all others interested, in a certain duty of twelve pence per chaldron on coals shipped in the river Tyne to be consumed in England, and to grant a compensation for the same, by way of annuity, payable out of the consolidated fund.

[May 30, 1800.]

CAP. XLIV.

An act for granting, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, certain allowances to adjutants, serjeant majors, and serjeants of militia, disembodied under an act of this fejfrn of parliament, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to accept the services of an additional number of volunteers from the militia, under certain restrictions.

[May 30, 1800.]

WHEREAS in pursuance of an afi, made in this present session Preamble* of parliament, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty^q^q % to accept the services of an additional number of volunteers from f. c,the militia, under certain restrictions, certain of the adjutants and serjeant majors of the said militia have been and may be reduced, and certain of the serjeants have been and may be difetrtbodied: and whereas it is expedient that some provision ftjould be made for the said adjutants, serjeant majors, andserjeants, during the time, and under the tejlric-tions herein after prescribed: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the*advice and consent of the lords

by

574 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 44 [1800.

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-Receivers gc- liament/assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in neral of the every county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain taxes to pay called England, where any part of the militia shall have been dif-ancestoad-" embo^'cc^n pursuance of the said "recited act, the receiver or jutants and receivers general of the land tax, and other the duties under the serjeant ma- management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, for jors reduced, such county, riding, or place respectively, shall issue and pay, or difen^hodled cau^e to P3^' the whole sums required, in the manner herein-in pursuance aTter expressed, to every reduced adjutant and serjeant major, and of reciteJ att. to such of the disembodied serjeants as shall have served at lead one year as serjeants, and shall have obtained certificates of their good behaviour from their respective commanding officers; that is to say. To every reduced adjutant an allowance of three shillings a day, to every reduced serjeant major, an allowance of one shilling a day, with the addition of two shillings'and sixpence a week, and for every such disembodied serjeant as aforesaid, an allowance of one shilling a day*

II. And> in order that such allowances may be the more eastly made at the respective places of residence of such adjutants, serjeant majors. Commanding and serjeants, be it further enacted, That the commanding officer officers of of every regiment, battalion, or corps of such militia, shall make militia to give or cause to be made out in writing, and shall sign and cause to entitled to the delivered to the adjutant, serjeant major, 'and each serjeant allowance, a entitled to the said allowance as aforesaid, a certificate of his certificate, service as such adjutant, serjeant major, or serjeant, in such f?r^od to the ^orm anc* description as he shall think necessary, spe-

which they cifying the day on which such adjutant, serjeant major, and received pny, serjeant was reduced or disembodied as aforesaid, and the period from which up to which he received pay according to his rank in the militia; ancesihall* anc* every such a(Tjutant) serjeant major, and serjeant shall be commence, entitled to the allowance herein-before expressed, from the termination of the period last mentioned, at the times and in the manner, and for the period herein after mentioned, without deduction or abatement on any account whatever.

Certificates to

III. And be it further enacted, That every such adjutant, beindorsedby serjeant major, and serjeant, upon obtaining such certificate, shall and church^ Procure^Tame to be indorsed with a certificate of the parish or wardens of" place of his actual residence, under the signatures of the tninifter the pljce of and churchwardens (or any two of them) of such parish or place, residence of which certificate such minister and churchwardens respectively an^UTodeedC# are hereby required to give without fee or reward, and shall with The re- forthwith lodge the same so indorsed with the receiver or one of ceivcrgeneral, the receivers general of the county, riding, or place, within who shall pay which he shall reside, to be by such receiver general filed and then^duT^and PreTerve^ T°r the puposes herein-afeer mentioned, such receiver give orde'r to general giving a receipt for the same to such adjutant, serjeant the collector major, or serjeant, and every such receiver general shall forth-of the party's with pay to every such adjutant, serjeant major, and serjeant, demTtorpav- lhc Tull amount of the money then due to him under this act, and ment of the shall within seven days thereafter cause an order to be delivered

to

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 44. 575

to one of the collectors of the said several rates and duties for allowance

the parish or place mentioned in the indorsemene upon any such from to

certificate as the residence of the adjutant, serjeant major, or time> c*

serjeant, to whom the certificate shall relate respectively, for the

payment from time to time of the allowance given by this a#,

either weekly, monthly, or quarterly, as the person entitled

thereto may demand the same, and every such collector shall pay

the allowances directed by any such order to be paid out of any

publick monies he may then have in his hands, or if he shall have no such monies then out of the first publicle monies he shall thereafter receive, as long as any adjutant, serjeant major,

or serjeant, shall reside in the same parish or place, and mall

continue entitled to the allowance under this aci, such coiledtor

taking proper receipts from time to time for such payments;

and it shall be lawful for such collector to retain in his hands, with the consent of such receiver general from time to time,

sufficient of the publick monies received by hint for the payment

in full of all such allowances for the period of one quarter of a

year next ensuing; and all such payments made by such collector

shall be allowed in his accounts with the respective of

of the said duties, and with the respective receivers general, and the said several sums of money, so paid by such collegers and

receivers general respectively shall be allowed in the accounts

of such receiver general out of the bionics arising by the land

tax, which shall be received or receivable by such receiver general.

IV. And be it further enacted, That as often as any such Rules to be adjutant, serjeant major, or serjeant, shall change his place' of^bfervedby residence to any other parish or place within the same county or ahant^nfftheLf riding in which he shall have lodged such certificate as aforesaid, piace3 of re_ the order upon the collector of the parish or place where such fidence within adjutant, serjeant major, or serjeant last resided, shall be voidthe same

and in order to obtain a continuance of his allowance, such ^r^obtain" adjutant, serjeant major, or serjeant, shall give or fend notice of a continuance his change of residence to the said receiver general, together with of the allow-a like certificate as is herein-before required from the minister ances. and churchwardens of the parish or place where he shall intend to reside $ and such receiver general shall thereupon, and so from time to time, cause like order to be given to the collector of such other parish or place, for the continuance of such allowance to such adjutant, serjeant major, or serjeant, -so long as he shall be entitled to the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That as often as any such Rwles to be adjutant, serjeant major, or serjeant, shall change his place of ^hellike^pw1-reiirience into any other county or riding than the one in which pof^when "* such his certificate shall have been lodged as aforesaid, the adjutant?, &c, receiver general with whom the same was lodged shall, upon a remove into demand made for that purpose, deliver up the certificate of service anf other

of such adjutant, serjeant major, or serjeant, after indorsing thereon the time up to which the allowances thereon shall have been paid, and the adjutant, serjeant major, or serjeant, to Vot, XLII, P e whom -0]e

576 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 44. [1800.

whom such certificate shall relate, shall be entitled to receive his allowance by this zGt granted from the receiver general of such other county or riding; and for the purpose of obtaining and granting the same, every such adjutant^ serjeant major, or jeant, and every such receiver general and collector, and other % person, shall proceed respectively, in like manner, in every % respect, as is herein-before directed on the fifft delivery of such certificate,

Adjutants, VI# And be it further enacted, That every such reduced adjure* l° 1Jnt* fc|jcant and serjeant aforesaid, shall at the time of

commanding his transmitting the certificate aforesaid, to the receiver general officer of the of any county, riding, or place, and alb when and so often as militia of the he shall change his place of residence, make a return to, the place of his commanding officer of the militia of the county, riding, or re nee. places to which he shall belong, of the place at which he shall then' reside.

Adjutants

VII. And be it further enacted, That every reduced adjutant,

may take the entitled to any allowance under this act may receive and take together^ith Aich aNowance, together with the pay of any such other com-any emolut mission, or any such other allowance or emolument as is allowed meuttheymay to be held or received by any adjutant of any militia raised, and receiv* Under fervmS under an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his Ma-c. lo^/and W* wign* ititituled. An act for amending and reducing inti m any allowance of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of

they may he Great Britain called England, together with any pay or allowance entitled to as to which he maybe entitled as such adjutant, adjutants.

VIII. Provided always, That no reduced adjutant aforesaid Md'incany Awl!^titled to receive such allowance under this act, who office und<£ hold my office of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty,

his Majesty, other than such as aforesaid.

except as ix. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every entitledtotbe adjutant, serjeant major, and serjeant, shall remain liable to allowance. fe*vc in the militia of the county, riding, or place to which he

Adjutants, shall have belonged, and shall join any regiment, battalion, or

See* to remain corps of militia serving for such county, riding, or place, when-liable to serve ever called upon so to do by the commanding officer of such and to^oin3| ^itia, either for the purpose of supplying any vacancy that when called may have arisen in* the rank he shall have held in the said militia, upon by the or whenever the militia in which he shall have served shall be commanding again augmented in pursuance of the said recited act of this session

officer. of parliament, and that from the time of any such adjutant,

serjeant major, or serjeant, being again called into actual service, and becoming entitled to the pay of the rank in which he had formerly served, or in case any such adjutant shall be appointed captain of a company, or to any higher rank than that of cap. tain, or in case any such adjutant, serjeant major, or serjeant, to The allow- whom such allowance shall have been granted, shall neglect to ance toccafe make such return of his place of residence to the commanding i»<certain officer of the militia of the county, riding, or place to which he

(halt belong, as is required by this act, or shall neglect or refuse to join such militia, according to any notice that utall have been

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 45. 577

given to him for that purpose, unless prevented by sickness or other sufficient cause, to be allowed by the commanding officer of such militia, then, and in any such case, the allowance granted by this act shall wholly cease.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the al- Continuance lowances hereby granted shall continue until the twenty-fifth ofaliowances* day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any such collector as If a collector

aforesaid shall at apy time refuse or neglect to pay any such al- to PW

lowance that shall be demanded in pursuance of any order of any ojf complaint* receiver general granted by virtue of this act, it shall be lawful to a justice, he for the adjutant, serjeant major, or serjeant, entitled thereto, to shall order make a complaint of such neglect or refusal to any one of his Pun<^ual Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, riding, or place, ^y^ne the in which such adjutant, serjeant major, or serjeant shall reiide, collector. and such justice of the peace shall thereupon cause such collector

to come before him with the order for payment of such allowance, and shall make such order for the punctual payment of such allowance then or to become due, as upon such enquiry he shall deem necessary; and if it shall appear to any such justice of the peace, upon any such complaint as aforesaid, that any such col-ieftor hath unnecessarily and without any good cause wilfully refused or delayed the payment of any such allowance, it shall be lawful for such justice of the peace to fine injlanttr such collector in any ium not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, without any other or further information than summons or process as aforesaid, and unless such fine shall be forthwith paid, to cause such fine and ofts attending the same to be forthwith levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such collector, which fine shall be paid to the adjutant, serjeant major, or serjeant, whose allowance shall have so remained unpaid as aforesaid, and the surplus (if any) of the money so levied shall be returned upon demand to the party.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no certificate given under No certificate

this act, nor any allowance to any adjutant, serjeant major, or noranyal-serjeant, or any part thereof, shall be assignable or assigned in law*

of in equity, in any way whatever, nor shall any such allowance

be receivable, or any part thereof received, under any power or disposition thereof, or pny part thereof, nor otherwise than to the sole use and benefit of such adjutant, serjeant major, or serjeant respectively, whose receipt shall be a sufficient discharge for all payments made to them respectively under this act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That no No fee to be

fee or gratuity whatever shall be given or paid by any person

entitled to any allowance under this act, for any thing which rC£fon°t^ in shall be done in relation thereto.' allowance*

CAP. XLV.

An act for making perpetual so much of an act, made in the thirty^fiffch year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the duties on glass, as was to continue in force for a limited time* and to cob-

PPa

578 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 46, 47. [1800.

tinue several laws relating to the granting a bounty anon certain specie* of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and one; to the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain, to the encouraging the manufacture of Bi itifti sail cloth, and securing the duties, on foreign made sail cloth imported, to the securing the duties upon foreign made sail cloth, and charging foreign made fails with a duty, until the twenty.ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; to the regulating the fees of the officers of the customs, and of the naval officers in the British colonies in America, and of the officers of the cultoms in the island of Newfoundland, until the ninth day of May one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; to the landing rum or spirifs of the British sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excise, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; to the encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and parts adjacent from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and to the further support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland Teas and Davis's {freights, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and one.

[May 30, 1800.]

So much of 35 Geo. 3. c. 114. for securing duties on glass as was to have continuance until July 5, 1797* made perpetual. Act 19 Geo. 1. c. 15. for granting a bounty on linens, continued until June h» 1*01. Act 33 Geo. 1. c. 17. for making of sail cloth, continued until September9, 1804. Act 9 Geo. a. c 37. for further encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth, continued until September 19, 1804. Act 19 Geo. 1. c. 17. for securing the duties on foreign made sail cloth imported, continued until September 19, 1804. So much of aft 10 Geo 3. c. 37. u relates to the fees of the officers of the customs, See, continued until May 9, 1804. So much of aft 15 and id Geo. ». c. 15. as rentes to the landing of rum, Sec, continued until September 29, 1805. So much of aft 26 Geo. 3. c. a6. as relates to bounties for encouraging the Newfoundland fisheries, &c. continued until January 1, 1802. Act 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. for the encouragement of the Greenland fisheries; and so much of Sift 29 Geo. 3. c. 53. as relates to those fisheries continued until Decent-ber 25, 1801,

CAP. XLVI.

An act for the more easy and expeditious recovery of small debts, and determining small caulesin that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[May 30, 1800.]

CAP. XLVII.

An act for repealing the rates end fans taken by licensd hachey coachmen, and for establishing other rates and fares in 1'uu thereof \ and for explaining and amending several laws relating to kaefot] coaches and chairs.

[May 30, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the rates and fares to be taken by hackney coach-W men, and persons legally acting under them, for the hire of hackney coaches, have been found in same infiances to he infujfidunt: and whereas it is therefore expedient that same of the rates and farts enumerated in an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 47. 579

his present Majesty, intituled An act for explaining and amending an aeft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for laying an additional duty 26 Geo. 3. on hackney coaches, and for explaining and amending several c. 7*> recited, acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches/ should be increased: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and 'temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing After passing of this act, every person who now is or shall hereafter be licensed Jhis att, the by the commissioners for regulating hackney coaches and chairs, fop^tcTbe or the major part of them, to drive, keep, and let to hire by the taken: hour or day, or otherwise, any hackney coach with horses, geldings, and mares, within the cities of London or Westminster*, or the suburbs of the same, or within the parishes or places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, or any other place or places, which by any of the laws now in being such hackney coachmen are compellable to go, or any person atfing legally under any such licensed person shall be entitled to, and may demand, receive, and take for the hire of any such hackney coach, the rates and fares herein after mentioned; (that is to say),

For every hackney coach hired and taken any distance, at any Fares for time between the hours of fix of the clock in the morning and coaches taken twelve of the clock at night, the rates and fares following, (that

is to say), in the morn-

For every distance within and not exceeding one mile, the ing and twelve sum of one shilling: at night:

For every further distance within and not exceeding half a mile, computed as beyond the first mile, the additional sum of sixpence, and so in like manner the sum of sixpence for every further distance within and not exceeding half a mile, to be computed through the whole didance which such coach shall be driven or go:

And for every hackney coach hired and kept in waiting be- fares for

tween the hours of fix of the clock in the morning and twelve foac*\e? kept

of the clock at night, the several rates and fares following, (that

is to say), ^the morning

For any time not exceeding forty minutes, the sum of one and twelve at

shilling; and for every further period of time not exceeding twenty minutes, to be computed from the expiration of the first forty minutes during the whole of the time which such coach shall be engaged, employed, or kept in waiting, the further sum of sixpence for every such additional period:

And for every hackney coach hired in any part of the cities of fares for

London and Westminder, or the borough of Southwark, or any cc^cb^shired... JJ 1, ..0, 7.Jr where there is

place adjoining thereto, where there is a regular continuation ora regular con-

carriage way pavement from either of the said cities or borough tmuation of

aforesaid, or at any standing for hackney coaches beyond any carriage way

such regular continuation of carriage way pavement, and taken jj* ae

to and discharged at any place from which such coach cannot yon(j such

P P 3 ni/ii+i-7oH h continuation,

miation, of such standing, before fun*(et.

Pares for

580 Anno regni' quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 47# [1800.

anddischarg- be driven to the nearest continuation of carriage way pavement, whe^the^ or ^an<*nS as before sun-set, (estimating the rate

camiot^e^ of driving of such coach at five miles in the hour), then one half driven to such part of the rate or fare allowed by this a#, for all such distance nearest conti- as such coach can be so driven as aforesaid, towards such nearest continuation of carriage way pavement before sun-set; but nevertheless so as that no fraction of any sum less than sixpence shall be demandable or demanded, or payable or paid, where by reason of any such half rate or fare as aforesaid, any such fraction shall arise, and the full rate or fare allowed by this act, for all such distanec as shall remain for such coach to be driven at the rate aforesaid, to such continuation of regular carriage way pavement after sun-set, or where any such coach shall, in either of such last mentioned cases, have been hired or taken at any Handing beyond the regular continuation of carriage way pavement, then to such (landing or to the nearest continuation of carriage way pavement, at the option of the person discharging such coach:

And for every hackney coach hired or kept for the day, (such coaches hired jay not to exceed twelve hours, and to end before or at twelve fort eday.^t^c cJ0ck at night, and the distance which such coach shall be taken not to exceed twenty miles), the sum of eighteen shillings for such day's work, and for any further time exceeding such twelve hours or distance exceeding twenty miles, and also for any time after twelve of the clock at night, then such further rate or fare for such time or distance as is in any case allowed for any further time or distance of the like nature by this act; and also if any such coach shall be taken to and discharged at any place where there is not a regular continuation of carriage way pavement adjoining either of the cities or borough aforesaid, exceeding one mile from the extreme end of the nearest regular continuation oh carriage way pavement, so as that such coach cannot be driven to such nearest continuation or carriage way pavement within such twelve hours, or before twelve of the clock at night, or where the distance of any such last mentioned p'ace where any such coach shall be discharged as aforesaid,

added to the distance which such coach shall have before been driven, shall in the whole exceed twenty miles, then such further and additional rate or fare as is allowed by this act for any further time or distance of the like nature:

And for every hackney coach which shall be hired or taken, or kept in waiting for any time, or taken any distance after twelve of the clock at night and before fix of the clock in the morning, or which shall be discharged at any such time and place, as that such coach cannot be driven to the extreme end of some regular continued carriage Way pavement before twelve oTwh^ch'ftuil ^e clock at night, an additional rate or fare for such time or be discharged distance as aforesaid, over and above the rate or fare before at such time mentioned of one sixpence upon every shilling of such rate or and place that farc> ^ut fQ as that such additional rate or fare shall not be tl-dmwto someowc<*t taken, or received, for any coach hired between the hours

of

Tare* for coaches hired or kept in waiting after twelve at night, and before fix in

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 47. 581

of ten and twelve of the clock at night in any case unless the rate regular condor fare according to the time for which such coach shall be kept, p^ment or the distance which such coach shall be taken, shall, according before twelve to the rates and fares before mentioned, amount to the sum of at night, two shillings or upwards although such coach shall not be discharged till'after twelve of the clock at night.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever the average When the price of oats, made up, computed, and verified, and publishedTerage price in the London Gazette, according to the provisions of an act,

passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, to ^ Geo. intituled An act for regulating the importation and exportation of 3. c. 30. shall corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of exceed 15 s. the bounty on British corn exported, shall exceed twenty-five (his-lings per quarter, it shall be lawful for the commissioners for oners for licensing 'and regulating hackney coaches and chairs, or the Hcenfinghack-major part of them, if they shall see fit, to cause an addition to ney coaches be made to the rates and fares herein-before mentioned and ^tion^be allowed, to be demanded, received, and taken, for the hire of made to the any hackney coach, in the proportion herein after mentioned*fares, that is to say.

Upon every rate or fare, amounting to two shillings, the ad- Additional ditional sum of sixpence: fares.

Upon every rate or fare amounting to four shillings, the additional sum of one shilling:

And so, in like manner, upon every increase of two shillings, or any rate or fare above the rate or fare of four shillings aforesaid, the additional sum of sixpence for every such increase of two shillings.

III. Provided always, That such additional rate or fare shall Additional not be demandable, or payable or paid, in respect of any such

rate or fare as aforesaid, unless such coach shall have been taken coach be taken the full distance, or kept in waiting the full period, which such the full dif-coach may be taken or kept respectively, for such sum of two 5ance>

shillings or four shillings respectively, or any such further e

crease of two shillings as aforesaid; which additional rate or salt for which shall and may be recovered in like manner as any other rate or allowed, fare for the hire of any hackney coach may be recovered $ and The commis-such of, or the major part of them, shall, whenever fionerstopub-they shall think fit to increase such rates or fares in manner !isti n°tice°i aforesaid, publish notice thereof in the London Gazette, specifying J"resIn the in such notice the period at which such increase is to commence. Gazette; and for which such increase shall continue, so as that the period which increase of such commencement shall be seven days at the lead from the may be conti-time of such notice being published in the Gazette; and it shall days after the be lawful for such of to continue such increase of average price rates and fares as aforesaid, until the average price of oats, so of oats shall published as aforesaid, shall be reduced to one pound and one be reduced to shilling a quarter, and for such further time, not exceeding thirty

e by 1 ^.

The of may appoint in-spe&ors of hackney coaches and horses;

and suspend the licence of any person whole coach shall he defective, or horses unfit;

and may annul licences if the inspectors are refused to examine coaches, &c.

Hackney

coachmen, where coaches are Handing i 11 any place>

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 47. [1800.

days, after the average price of oats shall be reduced to one pound and one shilling per quarter, as they shall see fit.

IV. And whereas it is expedient that some regulations should be made for the purpose of more effectually cornpelling perfom licet, led u drive, keepy and let to hire hackney coaches, to provide safe and clean coaches, and able and sufficient horses, and such as shall be fit for the accommodation of persons hiring the fame\ be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby authorised to appoint some proper person or persons of competent (kill and judgement, with such moderate allowance as the said of shall think fit for his or their pains'and trouble, to inspetft all hackney coaches licensed by such of as aforesaid, and the horses which shall be used in drawing the said coaches; and such person or persons shall, four times at the ieaft in each and every year, and also atall times whenever the of shall think fit, survey and inspect all hackney coaches, and the horses which shall be used in drawing them, or such and so many of such hackney coaches and horses as they shall be required to survey and examine by such of, and ascertain and examine the state a/id condition of such hackney coaches and horses, and report the same to the said of; and it shall be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby authorised to suspend the licence of any person or persons whose hackney coach shall be found defe<Slive, either in respect of the safety, (late of repair, or condition or cleanliness thereof, or whose horses shall be deemed unfit or inefficient, and to continue such suspension of such licence until the same shall be properly rectified; and if any person or persons to whom any such hackney ccach shall belong, or who shall be licensed to drive, keep, or let such hackney coach, or any person or persons employed by or acting for him or them, shall refuse to permit any person or persons, (fccmgfo appointed by such of as aforesaid), to survey and examine any such hackney coach, or the horses used in drawing them, or shall produce to any such person or persons any other coach than the coach bona fide and ordinarily driven under the licence granted for that purpose, or the horses which they shall have ordinarily used in or for drawing the same, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby authorised to supersedc such licence, and render the same null and void.

V. And whereas many hackney coachmen who are in the firetts with their coaches, in the course of their employment withdraw firm those parts of the streets where they ought to fiand and ply for hire, and also attend with their coaches about the theatres, and places of publick r forty and under pretence of being already hired, refuse U go with persons desirous of hiring such coaches; be it therefore enacted, That every hackney coachman whose coach shall be found (landing in any street or place, and whose coach shall not be actually hired, shall be deemedand taken to be plying for hire, although such coach shall not be on any (landing or place ofually appropriated for

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 47. 583

the purpose of hackney coaches (landing or plying for hire; and comm liable to every such coachman who shall not be actually hired, shall be ^rfb^elir-obliged and compellable to go with any person or persons ddirous J.us oi firing of hiring such coach; and if any complaint shall be made.to the them} and in said ctfmrnissioners, of the refusal of ar.y such hackney coachman case of refusal to go with any person or persons desirous of hiring inch coach, ^nk-fs*such hackney coachman shall be obliged to give evidence of the^prove having been and being hired at the time of the application made their Icing to hire such hackney coach; and in calc any such hackney coach- hired, man cannot or shall not produce sufficient evidence of having been so then hired as aforesaid, he or they shall be subject and liable to such and the like penalty or penalties, and punishmens, as may by any act or acts, or law or laws now in being, be imposed or inflicted in caies of refusal to carry for hire by licensed hackney coachmen.

VI. Provided always, That in every such case, where any If a coachman coachman who shall have been summoned for any inch refusal,

shall produce sufficient evidence of having been then hired as p, a)i pruvehis aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such of, and they are having beei\ hereby authorised to require the person who shall have summoned hired, the such coachman, to make to such coachman such reasonable to^equir^the allowance for his loss of time, as to such of shall in pa,tVto make their discretion seem proper in that behalf. him iatisfac*

VII. And whereas it is expedient that some provifan should he t ion for loss made for the better ordering and regulating the drivers of hackney 0 time*

ioaches, and afo the persons attending as watermen and alants at hackney eoach fundings and at places of pubmk rejort, be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said com- The comirif-missioners, and they are hereby authoris'd to require all and loners may every person and persons licenced to keep, drive, or let to hire any hackney coach, to enter, in a book or books, to be kept to keep hack-for that purpose at the oihccof the said of, the name m.y coaches and names, and reiuicncc or rehdenees respectively, of the person ?ntTat or persons driving such licensed hackney coach, and it shall and re-

thereupon be lawful for the said of to grant leave in iidtncea of the such manner and form as they shall think fit to such person or drivers, to persons to drive such hackney coach; and at any time or times ^hom they upon complaint made by any pet (on or persons, or information ^ve^mdrive given of any mifeomiud of any such driver as aforesaid, oi* any and revoke or complaint made by the owner of any such coach or person em- suspend the ploying-such driver, to revoke or suspend, for such time as they hme, as also shall think necessary, such leave; and if any person or perform^keeping licensed to keep or Jet to hire any such hackney coach shall hackney omit to enter the name or names, and residence or residences, of coaches of the driver or drivers of any such hackney coach, or shall permit Pr*jon8 or suffer any person or persons not so duly entered as aforesaid, en' 2he t(\ and to whom no such leave shall have been granted as aforesaid, names of their (unlefe for any period of time between the time of any such drivers, or driver having left the driving of any such hackney coach, and the next day of meeting of such of), then and in such J^rect case it shall be lawful for the said of ta revoke or to drive.

by the commissionera, liable to penalty*

The commissionera may

584 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 47, [1800.

suspend, for such ticnc as they shall see fit, the licence of such person or persons.

Ferfomat-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tending as passing of this a<S, it shall not be lawful for any person to attend watermen to at any hackney coach standing, or at any place of publick resort, coJchinen as a waterman or assistant to hackney coachmen, unlefe such not authorised PCTf°n shall be authorised under the hand writing of the said of so to do; and if any such person shall prefuroe to attend as such waterman or assistant as aforesaid, without being so authorised as aforesaid, he shall be liable to such penalty and forfeiture for so doing, as shall be imposed in that behalf by the said of, by any order, rule, or ordinance made by them in pursuance-of this act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said of for the time being shall have full power and authority to make,

make rules for fraLme$ and fct down in writing, such reasonable rules, orders, hackney 8 and ordinances, for governing and regulating all persons who coachmen shall drive any hackney coaches, and also all persons who shall and watermen attend as watermen or as assistants to hackney coachmen,at any attending^hackney coach {landings, or at any places of publick sefort, and nexpenalties"° anne* reasonable penalties and forfeitures for the breach of such rules, orders, and ordinances, not exceeding forty shillings nor less than five shillings, for any one offence; and such rules, orders, and ordinances, or any of them, from time to time, to alter or amend.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, no person or persons shall presume to carry any

frircln8* sedan Person or Perons for hire in any sedan chair, (unless such sedan chair, (unless chair shall have been or shall he hired by such person or persons hired for a for the whole of the day of twelve hours at the least, in which he, day), within {he, or they shall be carried in such sedan chair), within the ^Vhout a ltS> c, t*es London or JViflminJhr, or the suburbs of the same, or licence, " on within any of the parities places comprized within the weekly penalty of bills of mortality, without having first obtained a licence for 40s. such carry ing a hackney chair from the commissioner for licensing

and regulating hackney coaches and chairs; and if any person shall offend herein, he shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of forty shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied, as any penalty or fine may by any act or acts, or law or laws now in force, be recovered, levied, and applied, for the carrying any person or persons in any hackney chair for hire within the same cities, suburbs, or places, without such chairman or carrier being licensed by the of aforesaid.

Hackney

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any such hackney

coachmen ex- coachman, his renter or driver, shall exadf or take more for his

thro their^ or t^c*r *rc t*lan ^cvera* rates kerety limited, he or they tart liable to ^or every fhch offence be subject and liable to such and the the penalties, like penalties, forfeitures, and punishments, to be levied, re-antlthe fares covered, suffered, and inflicted by such persons, and in such and r^verable^ jjfce manner and form, as by any law or laws now are in m>win being! ^ing respecting such hackney coachmen, their renters or drivers;

and for breach thereof.

No person shall carry

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 48. 585

and that the several rates and fares herein-before mentioned shall and may be recovered in such and the like manner as the fares of hackney coachmen aqp»by any act or acts of parliament now recoverable.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any hackney coach- in case of ar-irien, his, her, or their renter or renters, shall, from and after rearjs

the passing of this act, be in arrear of payment of any rent or C

rents, reserved or made payable by any licence or licences granted, they may be or to he hereafter granted by the said of, or the major revoked, and part of them, for any longer time than is or shall be expressed in the arrears such licence or licences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the^cr said of, or the major part of them, to revoke such owner or licence or licences, and to levy the rents and sums of money renter, reserved, and thereby made payable, either upon the goods and chattels of such owner or owners, or renter or renters, in such and the like manner and form, as they may by any law now in being do with respect to such owner or owners.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons General issue shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for maV. P, cad* any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this e

aft, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, for his and their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pais for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non^ suited, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs Treble costs. awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act to repeal the duties on sugar and coffee exported, granted by an afly passed in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for allowing British plantation sugar to be warehoused \ for reviving so much of an act, made in the thirty-feco'id year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the average price of sugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof > and for allowing certain drawbacks on sugar exported, until the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and one.

[May 30, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of reign of his present Majesty\ intituled An act for granting 39 Geo. 3.

to his Majesty certain additional duties on sugar imported and c. 63, recited, exported, and on coffee exported, and for reducing the drawbacks now -allowed on the exportation of sugar, amongst other things, certain duties were granted on the exportation of sugar and coffee: and whereas it is expedient that the said duties should be repealed for a limited time: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritaal and temporal, and commons, in th?s prdent parliament assembled, and by the authority of thfc same. That, and so much

from ^reof as 1m-

586 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 48. [1800.

-pofc8 duties from and after the paflin'g of this act, and during the continuance tatioifof cof" thereof, much of the said recited act as imposes the said duties fee'and^ugar on exportation of coffee and sugar (kail be, and the same is repealed, and hereby repealed} and that so much of the said duties imposed by such duties as the said recited acts as became due and payable between the able betPay" thirteenth day of October one thousand fevert hundred and ninety-Oa. 13, *799, n, ne* an<* l*me of this act, shall not be paid or pay-

and thepsfiing able, and that any bonds which may have been entered into for this act shall payment of any such duties shall be, and the same are hereby able* declared to be null and void, and the same shall be cancelled

accordingly.

II. And whereas it is expedient that further time should be given for the payment of the duties on British plantation fugaf imported or to be imported into Great Britain after the thirty -first day of March one thousand eight hundred, for which the duties have not already ban Till May to, paid-, be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing t$oi, bond of this act, and until the tenth day of May one thousand eight tortiuf duties burred am* one' lt &all bs lawful for the of of the on British customs for the time being in England and Scotland respectively, plantation to take bond to his Majesty from the importer or importers, sugar import- proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees of any British*1*8^ or* planlatlon sugar for the payment of the duties chargeable upon upon such^u- ai>y ^uch sugar imported into any port in Great Britain at any gar, the duties time after the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hun-whereon shall dred, of upon any such sugar in respect whereof such duties shall D°*tinaVf t>€Cn not have been Pa'd before the passing of this act} and all sugar passing this f° bonded as aforesaid shall be lodged and secured at the (ole aft, which expence of the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, sugar shall be consignee or consignees thereof under the joint locks of his Ma-andifth^du anc*mPorter or importers, proprietor or proprietors,

tics be not*consignee or consignees thereof, in such warehouse or warehouses paid within as shall be fit for that purpose, and shall be approved of by the certain pe- said of of the customs in England and Scotland\ as the riods from the case mav be. ancj such sugar rtiall not be delivered, cleared, or jt^jraybeffld! ta^en from any fu°b warehouse, unless or until the full duties due and payable thereon, shall be first paid to the proper officer of the customs; and if the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees of such sugar, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to pay and farisfy all the duties due and payable iri respect of such sugar as shall be entered in the usual and accustomed manner on or before the tenth day of September one thousand eight hundred, within six months from the date of any bond given under this act for the payment of the duties upon such sugar as aforesaid, and with respect to any such sugar as shall be imported into the port of London, and so entered between the said tenth day of September and the said tenth day of Marche within three months from the date of any bond so given, and, with respect to any such sugar as shall be imported into any other port of this kingdom, and so entered between the said tenth day of September and the said tenth day of March, within two months from the davf of any bond so given, it shall be lawful for the

of

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 48. 587

of of the customs in England and Scotland respectively, at the expiration of such periods as aforesaid, to cause such sugar to be publickly sold to the best bidder at such places as the said of of the customs in England and Scotland respectively shall think proper, and out of the proceeds of such sale to satisfy such duties, together with all such expences as shall have arisen, relating to any such sugar, and the overplus (if any be) shall be paid to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees of such sugar, or such other person or persons as shall be authorised to receive the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That no bond taken by virtue No bond shall and in pursuance of this act, shall be discharged either in law or be discharged equity, without the full payment or satisfaction of the principal TOen^of prfn-cnoney due or to become due thereon, together with interest, at cjpa) and in-and after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be terelt. reckoned from the date of such bond until the actual paynvnt or satisfaction thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and Fees and

may be lawful to deduct and retain out of the principal and interest stamp duties that may become due on any bond to be taken in pursuance of rC'

this act, the fees and stamp duties that shall have been paid on

any such bond.

V. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the Recital of reign of his present Mayefly, for granting to his Majesty certain addi- 39 Geo. 3. tional duties on sugar imported and exported, and on coffee exported, certain and for reducing the drawbacks allowed on the exportation of sugar, visions of certain provisions of an act paffd in the thirty-second year of the 3 % Geo. 3..reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the allowance of the draw- c. 43- were back and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar, and for rcPeale<h other purposes, as far as the same related to the ascertaining the average

price of sugar in manner in the said act mentioned, or of regulating _ the allowance of the drawback or the payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar were repealed: and whereas it is expedient that the 36 Geo. 3. full drawback and bounty directed to be withheld by an act of the c* fj anci thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and by an act hefted

the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, should be al-3>' L lowed in certain cases: and whereas it thereby becomes necessary that the several provisions of the said act of the thirty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the ascertain-itig the average price of sugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback or the payment of bounty on the exportation of sugar, should be revived: be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth From May 5, day of May one thousand eight hundred, the said act passed in 1800' the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, and all far ^rchre* the clauses, provisions, powers, authorities, directions, and regu- to ascertaining lauons therein contained, as far as the same relate to ascertaining the average the average price of sugar in the manner therein mentioned, or of andrefththr-regulating the allowance of drawback, or the payment of the the drawback bounty on the exportation of sugar, shall be, and the same are on exporta-hereby revived, and shall be and remain in full force during the tion> revived, continuance of this act, except as any such provisions, directions.

From May 5, 1800, till Nov. 10, 1800, the drawbacks on the exportation of fu-gar, withheld by recited acts of 3^ Geo. 3. and 39 Geo. 3. to be allowed, and the duty imposed by 39 Geo. 3. upon sugar imported by the East India company, discontinu-d on such as shall be exported.

If on Nov. jo, 1800, the average price of muscovado sugar, taken as directed by 32 Geo 3. c. 47. shall not have exceeded 758. per cwt. the drawbacks withheld by 36 Geo. 3.and 39 Geo. 3. shall be paid, and the said duties on sugar imported by the East India company to be discontinued on delivery f( r exportation. 0

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 48. [1800.

or regulations are herein altered, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if all the said clauses, provisions, powers, authorities, and directions were repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act; any thing in the said act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of May one thousand eight hundred, and until the tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, the whole of the drawbacks and bounty paid or payable on the exportation of sugar, directed to be withheld by the said acts of the thirty-fhth and thirty-ninth years of his present Majesty's reign, shall be paid and allowed in like manner in every respect, and subject to, and under and according to the like rules and regulations as any drawbacks or bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of the f'Jd act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and during all such time as aforesaid, the whole of the duty imposed by an act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, upon sugar imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and warehoused according to law, and sold at the Tales of the said company, shall, as to all such sugar as shall be exported during the time last aforesaid, be, and the same is hereby wholly discontinued; anything contained in the said act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if on the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, it shall appear bjr notice in the London Gazette, in manner directed in the said act of the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, that the average prices of brown or muscovado sugar, taken in manner directed by the said act made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the six weeks preceding, shall not have exceeded seventy-five Shillings for an hundredweight, inclusive of the duties of customs paid or payable thereon on the importation into Great Britain, then and in every such case the whole of the drawbacks and bounty paid or payable on the exportation of sugar directed to be withheld by the said act of the thircy-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, and by the said act of the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, shall be paid and allowed in like manner in every respect, and subject to, and under and according to the like rules and regulations as any drawbacks and bounties were paid and allowed before the patting of the said act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, by any act or acts of parliament, except as any such rules or regulations are altered by this act; and the whole of the duty imposed by an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty upon sugar imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and warehoused according to law, and sold at the Tales of the said company, shall, upon the delivery

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49- 589

thereof out of the warehouses for exportation, during the time of any drawbacks or bounties being paid or allowed under this act, be, and the same are hereby wholly discontinued; any thing in the said act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the draw- Hrawhack t» back and bounty payable on the exportation of sugar, by virtue j?e and in pursuance of this act, shall be paid and allowed on all o/waterborii sugar which shall be shipped or laden on board any ship or ships, with intent t* or water-born with intent to be shipped or laden on beard any be thipt, for ship or ships in Great Britain. exportation.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall, as to all Continuance the matters 2nd things herein contained relating to the paying of aft. and allowing any drawback or bounty, or discontinuing any duty under this act, have continuance until the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for the better ascertaining and collecting the duties granted by federal acts passed in the last session of parliament, relating to the duties on income; and to explain and amend the said acts.

[June 20, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that provision should be made for

better collecting the duties upon income, imposed by several acts af the l*ft session of parliament: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, no person or persons All persons shall be allowed to separate or divide the sum intended to be deliver contributed into several portions, nor shall elect to pay the ^mc whleth^made by payments to be made in different divisions in separate propor* jointly or fc-tions; but all and every person and persons, whether any such paratdyvcom-statement'shall be made jointly by two or more persons, or fe- pretending parately, shall deliver a statement, comprehending the whole^deTtobc sum intended to be contributed by him, her, or them, in respect contributed of the whole of his, her, or their income, from-whatever source for the whole the same shall arise, or in respect of the whole of the income income from received or receivable by him, her, or tItem, as trustee, agent, jp0urccVart(i«ir receiver, guardian, committee, tutor, or curator, or in any or receivable other capacity, on account of any other person or persons, in onehs tniltee, &c. and the same division, and to the assessors for the same parish or j.n one and the place, or of, as thp case may require, for the same t*whe« district, whether they shall be commercial of or engaged in of for the purposes of the ac5is on income, except indifferent con* the cases where the same persons shall be engaged in different cerns; Md concerns of trade or manufacture in partnership, or separately, in ^thcwhole divers places; and such person or persons shall be charged and by the same assessed to the whole of such income by the same description of description of of* and not in different portions by of coramiffioa-

yoc

59°

Every person carrying on trade where commercial

tinguish in their statements how much of rhe

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 48. [1860.

of different districts or by different of, (except as aforesaid); any thing in the said acts, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it futher enacted, That every person carrying on trade or manufacture, within any city, town, place, or district, where commercial of have been or shall hereafter he of appointed to act, and shall act as such commercial of, act, (except except as herein after is otherwise provided, shall deliver in the ^rovkkd^ter ^atement required to be returned by him or her in pursuance of shall deliver the said acte and this act, to the commercial of for Jus ltatement such city, town, place, or district; and the income of every such

to them, and person shall be cognizable only by such commercial commit

his income J

111 rill be cog- 1, oners-niz.ible by them only.

Persons in

III. And be it further enacted, That every person engaged in trade to dif- jra(|e or manufacture shall specify and distinguish, in the statement delivered by him or her under the said acts or this act, (whether the fame-shall be delivered to commercial of or of for the purposes of the said adds), or to assessors inref*ovv rouch of the sum of money contained in such statement is incomeariffng Payab!e in respect of income anfing from trade or manufacture, from trade, and how much thereof in respect of income, derived from any andhowrmuch other source or fourtes; and every such person shall be assessed in respect of according to the same rate to the whole of the duties payable in i'rom^ther118 respe<^ of the whole of his or her income in one sum, from what-source, but ever source or sources the same shall arise, distinguishing never-bcafiWTed theless in such assessment the proportion assessed in respect of a^co^u, n^ to income arising from trade or manufacture, and the proportion for th^whote thereof arising from any other source or sources. in one sum. I VS And be it further enacted, That every person engaged in

Persons in trade or manufacture shall, in his or her (btemeur, specify

the district where his or her Itatement if any was delivered in the preceding year, and whether the same was delivered to aflliTors or to commercial of, and also whether the income in relpeCI whereof the same was delivered, was calculated on an

Wii<JIU Uicy r r ,; c c

were delivered average or years, or on one year only; and it on an average or the preceding years, then the particular years and number thereof; and where year, and any two or more persons shall be engaged in trade or nrmufac-tacomeVas* ture as Partners togeflier, then the statement or statements of calculated on such partners, whether the same shall be delivered in jointly or an average of separately, shall also specify the name and residence of every years, and the partner, and each partner shall respectively state whether the number^and ^atement or statements delivered in by him in the preceding year partners*to of such partnership income (if any such were delivered in) contained the joint or separate income of such partners, and also where and before what of such partner was assessed; and whether such statement or statements was or were calculated on the income of the preceding year, or on an average of any and what number of preceding years.

trade to specify in their statements wiu re and to whom they

specify the name and re fid t nee of each, and whether the statements

delivered in

the preceding year contain jtheir joint or separate income, and where assessedandhow calculated.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49. 591

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Statements of statemenrs delivered by any persons trading in partnership to- ^eUv^red^n^ gether, whether joint or separate, shall be delivered in the divi- the^tvifioii fion or place, and to the respective of, where the where the trade or manufacture shall be carried on, notwithstanding the trade is car-same person maybe engaged in dill inct partnership concerns;*01? and if any such trade or manufacture shall be carried on in divers in diver8 places, then the same shall be delivered in at some one of such places, then places, at the election of the principal partner or person having at such one as the larger Share or interdl in such partnership concern, and being resident in Great Britain; or if the respective Shares and interests [JentTn Great of several of such partners in any such partnership, who are re- Britain shall spectively resident in Great Britain, shall be equal, then at the elect; and election of such of the said partners who shall be so resident, and ^re who shall be first named in the deed, instrument, or other agree- equal, auhe ment of copartnership, or when there shall be no such deed, instru- election of meat, or agreement of copartnership, then at the election of the resident such of the said partners who shall be so resident in Great Britain, and shall be named singly or with priority to the other partner or deed, and partners in the usual copartnership name, Stile, and firm j whereof where there such partner is hereby required to give notice to every other is no deed, at partner in such trade or manufacture residing in Great Britain: recent

provided also, That where no such partner shall be resident in part£ernamed Great Britain, then the Statement of the income of such partner- first in the Ship shall be delivered by their agent, manager, or factor in firm, who is Great Britain, jointly for such partners: provided also, That tice

where certain of the partners shall not be resident in Great Bri- every°other tainy and any other or others shall be resident therein, and the resident part-partner or partners who is or are so resident, shall be desirous of ner. Where delivering separate Statements, the partner or principal partner j^ere 18 rc* of those who are resident in Great Britain, shall deliver the Slate- the statement* ments of income arising from such partnership, of all the partners tobedelivered not resident in Great Britain; and every statement of the joint by the agent, income of any such partnership, where the partners shall be de- Where the firous of being charged jointly, shall comprize only the income resident part* arising from such trade or manufacture as aforesaid, or from such of

lands or tenements occupied for the purpose of such trade or delivering fern a nufa Sure; and a distinct afleSTrfient shall be made upon the parate state-partners jointly upon the whole as a separate income^ without ments, the any division thereof into Shares or portions according to Sd^nt^shal?"* respective interests of such partners, and without any addition dejjvcr the of any separate income: provided 'always, That if any or either stateroents of of such partners shall be chargeable in respect of his or her fepa- the non-refi-rate income, amounting to less than two hundred pounds, every ^nd wheieYhe such partner shall declare his or her proportion in such partner- partes are 6 Ship, in order that the separate income may be added thereto in desirous of be-making the act'eSTment, or in default thereof he or she shall be »ng charged chargeable for the tenth of such separate income, whatever may jointty»the be, the amount thereof. ShaH comprise

only the income arising from the trade and premises 5 and a distinct assessment shall be made upon the partners jointly upon the whole as a separate income. If a partner shall be chargeable in respect of his separate income for less than aool. he shall declare his proDOrtion in the partnership, or be liable to pay a tenth. Goods

592 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49. [1800.

The comm if-

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

of ailing in the execution of the acts relating to distriftin duties on income, within any district in which any person shall which persons be assessed according to the rules and regulations in the said acts jo trade shall or any or either of them or this act contained, for assessing persons (except the en£aScc*n tra<*e or manufacture, (except the commercial com-commercial missioners for the city of London and its vicinity), to appoint commissionersfomc proper person or persons, and such as can give competent for London security to the satisfaction of the said of, (which tilt security the said of, or any two of them, are hereby

appoint per- authorised to require and take in their own names, and insert fons to receive therein such conditions as shall be required by the of the duties for the affairs of taxes in that behalf), to receive the duties assessed trMers wdiofe ^7 of in any such dffirid upon persons engaged affilfments in trade or manufacture, whose assessment shall not be included shall not have in any warrant to any collector or collectors of the said duties; been included or who shall not have given notice to pay the same into the bank ranTtoThe" Enghwd-y and it shall be lawful for the said respective com-cohedors^r missioners to allow to the person or persons so appointed as afore-who shall not said, such salary or reward for his or their attendance and have given trouble therein, as shall be agreed upon between such commis-noticetopay sioners and the person or persons as aforesaid, and as shall be the bank ^nd aPProvcd of by the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, not may allow exceeding the ' rate of one penny halfpenny in the pound of the them such sum paid to the receiver general as after mentioned; which rec^m.Fbnce salary or reward the person or persons so appointed is and ate approved^f hereby empowered to detain out of the payments of the last by the com- instalment payable in respect of the duties receivable by him or missioners for them as aforesaid 5 and every such person shall on same day in taxee. every week, to be named in the security entered into by him,

Such person9 pay or remit to the receiver general of the county, riding, shire, !° ^ewartry> or P^acci where such duties shall be paid as aforesaid,

ceiver general whole amount of the duties that shall from time to time be the money collected by virtue of this ach

collected.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no per-Na trader son engaged in trade or manufacture, and entitled by the said whose pro-_ ac1s to be affe/Ted by the commercial of appointed E°tIonCftiaU* w, t^n and for the city of London and its vicinity, whose cootri-not amount bution, in respect of income arising from such trade or mami-to aol. shall facture, which shall be returned in the statement delivered in by be entitled to him or her, shall not amount to the sura of twenty pounds, shall, be afTcffed by from anj after passing of this act, be entitled to be adefied cial commis- the commercial of of the city of London and sioners for its vicinity: provided always, That nothing herein contained London, but shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any persons partners engaged in trade or manufacture in partnership, whose joint* contribution contribution in respect of income arising from such trade or amounts to manufacture, which shall be returned in-one statement as upon that sum may a partnership income, and to be assessed as such, shall amount to be assessed by the said sum of twenty pounds, from being assessed by such com-Ulcra# mercial of, although the whole income of any one of -

such partners might not amount to such sum as aforesaid.

593

Tracers whole proposal contribution shall not amount to aol. residing within the jr.rifdidfion of th. commer-ci tl commis-Gonerstor London, shall be a defied by the commissioners for executing the income suits, to who/e clerks they may deliver statements as to the commercial of, and shall be fled as traders.

X

A

(i*

V'

t

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all persons engaged in trade and manufacture, whose contribution so returned as aforesaid, as anting from trade or manufacture, shall not amount to the said sum of twenty pounds, and residing or carrying on any such trade or manufacture within the jurisdiction of the commercial of for the city of London and its vicinity,

shall, from and after the passing of this act, be a tic (led by the commissioners for the purposes of the said acts and this act, acting for the district within which such persons respectively shall carry on such trade or manufacture; and it shall be lawful for such persons respectively, by him, her, or themselves, or his, her, or their agents, to deliver or cause to be delivered their respective statements to the clerks to the said last mentioned of, in such and the like manner, in every respect, as if such statements were delivered to the commercial of; and such persons shall thereupon be assessed by all or any of such rules, directions, and regulations, as are in any of the said acts and this act contained, with respect to persons in trade or manufacture.

affc

IX. And be it further enacted, That every person engaged in Traderswith-trade or manufacture, within the limits of the district of

commercial of for the city of London and its vicinity, mercjaj COI^Jv who, by reason of any of the provisions of this act, shall not be missioners for entitled to be assessed by such commercial of as afore- London, not said, and every person engaged in trade or manufacture in any 3^ b° city, town, place, or district, where no such commercial com- and missioners as aforesaid shall act, may on the delivery of his or traders in any her statement to the commissioners for the purposes of the said district where; acts in the district where such trade or manufacture shall be car- ^ocommercial ried on, require to be afiefled to the said duties, under the like atfTmay^on* rules and in all respects in like manner as if such statements had delivery of been delivered to- commercial of; and the comtnif- statements to sioners for the purposes of the said acts, in every such district, ^hecommif-.shall, on the receipt of any sealed statement which shall have pu"pJJc°of*been delivered to them and not to the assessors, proceed to charge the income such person in like manner, and under the like powers, rules, a^s.beaflVfled* regulations, and directions, in all respects, as any commercial ^eudeSvcred of might have done; provided that such ooinmif- locommer, sioners fof the purposes of the said acts, and their respective clerks, cul commis-and such receiver or receivers as they shall appoint 4s herein- sioners; such before provided, shall, before they act therein, take the oath of ers^theij*011" secresy required to be taken by commercial of and an(j

their respective clerks, by virtue of the said act$ or any of them, the receivers.in addition to the oath required to be taken by other com-to take the missioners.

X. And be it further enacted, That any income arising from ore^property in any of the British plantations in America, and im- incomearifing ported into Great Britain from thence, shall be ftaced, proved, from property ascertained, and assessed, before and by the respective commis- in the British

2 sioners P, ailtation

59+ Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49, [1800.

in America sioners for the purposes of the said acts and this act, acting for and imported tflc district within which the person or persons to whom any such BriuinV shall ProPerty shall belong shall reside, in every case where the amount be assessed by of contribution in respect of the income arising from such pro-the commis- perty as aforesaid shall not amount to the sum of twenty pounds, 5?rc?for*he in hke manner and under the like rules as income arising from

S^dTSlr =».

owner shall reside, where the contribution shall not amount to 201. as income arising from trade.

So much of /

XI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said

acts as retrain recited acts, or any of them, as restrain commercial of

from enquiring into statements of income delivered to them before commmioners.«r

from enquir- fne expiration of twenty-one days from the day of receiving the ing into state- same, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, ments before

ai days after delivery, repealed.

The commercial of, and the of aftinj

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the several commercial of, and the commissioners for the purposes of the said acts, acting ?s ig such commercial of, shall, in their respective boob such, fhalT of assessments, enter and cause to be entered the several amounts aflbffed^n re*- ^ums by them in respect of income arising from

spect^fin-6* trac^e or manufacture, separate and apart from all sums assessed come arising by them in respect of income arising from any other fourcej and from trade, shall, from time to time, make out and cause to be made out, anc* tran^n*t or cau^e to transmitted to the of respect ofother for the affairs of taxes, distinct accounts of the amount of inincome, and come assessed by them as arising from trade or manufacture, and transmitto of the amount of income assessed by them as arising frompro-d of RcC' perty in any of the British plantations in America, and also from counts of the any ot^er ftmrce orsouroes, distinguishing the amount arising on amount of each head of income; which accounts shall severally be made income af- out with the particulars and in the manner required by the said a(^s ^or accounts respectively j and shall also from time to

from proi*rty t*me ma^c out or cau^e to macle out> an<* ^ranfinit or in America, 7 cause to be transmitted to the commissioners for the affairs of and from any taxes, lifts containing the name, description, and place of refi-^7ftOUfth ^ence a^ an^ every persons or person assessed by them respectzumes Ac.*tively, as soon as the same conveniently can be done; which of all persons lifts shall be made out according to an alphabetical arrangement assessed by of the respective parishes or places of residence, classing together than, made a]j panics and places in the same county, riding, shire, or

tical arrangement of the places of residence.

In addition to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in addition to the r^uired^be cert^cate required by the said acts to be given to every person giveiTto the to be assessed by commercial of, the said commercial persons af- of shall, at the same time at which the certificate

iefledby the before-mentioned shall be delivered, deliver to the person so com^fioni assessect, or to some person on his or her behalf, another certificate

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49. 59$

cate, containing the proper name, description, and residence of ere, they shall the person so assessed, and certifying that such person hath been ^fJIvcr an' charged to the said duties on income, according to the provisions fag th^name] of the said acts by the of granting such certificate; &c. of the which certificate shall be signed by the clerk to the said commis- personalfessed, sioners, and shall be exhibited forthwith by the party, to the commissioners for the purposes of the said acts, within the ^argtdc"0 the <fiftri& where such person might otherwise lawfully be assessed, to duties which Be by them returned to the party exhibiting such certificate after shall be signed having taken a copy thereof, to be by the said of ky^e, r clerk, kept and filed; and in default of such certificate being ex- ^ the Tcom^ hibited within a reasonable time, unless a sufficient excuse be missioners for given to the satisfaction of such of, it shall be lawful executing the for the commissioners for the purposes of the said act in such income district, to proceed to assess such person to the said duties, in like may betaken manner as persons not engaged in trade or manufacture may be and filed, and assessed thereto. if not exhibited

- in a reasonable

time, they may assess the party as a person not concerned in trade.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the com-When the mercial of shall, according to the provisions of the of said a<Ss, have allowed to any person, any abatement of the sums fa^i^ave116 assessed for the year ending on the fifth day of rfpril in any year, granted a

on account of diminution of income, and shall have granted a certificate of certificate thereof in the manner directed by the said acts, or any an abatement aft relating to the said duties, or referred to and made applicable djJ^n!Son of thereby, it shall be lawful for the governor and company of the income, the bank of England to direCI their cashier or cashiers to repay to bank may such person such sum as it shall appear has been overpaid on such dire^ P?X- assessment, out of any publick monies in the hands of such cashier ^cr-pay- C or cashiers, .] who shall from time to time replace the same out ment. of the first monies that shall come into the bank of England of the said duties upon income; for which payment the certificate of the said of shall be a sufficient authority.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the rules prescribed in The rules

the schedules of the several acts for granting duties ori income, prescribed in or either of them, as far as relates to the mode for ascertaining the schedules, income arising from land occupied by the owner, or by a tenant ascerUUn^ at rack rent, shall be and are hereby repealed. fag^ncome"

arising from land occupied by the owner, or by tenant at rack rent, repealed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the income arising from land occupied by a tenant at rack rent, shall be taken in the proportions herein after specified to the aggregate amount of the following articles; (videlicet),

Rent for one year payable to the landlord or landlords: Parochial and other rates and assessments charged on the said lands, or upon the occupiers in respect of such lands, on an average of the three successive years ending on the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or

3y

Income arising from land occupied by a tenant at rack rent, robe taken in certain proportions to the aggregate amount of the following articles, viz-rent, taxes, r tythes.

59^ Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49. [1800.

on an average of the three successive years ending the twenty-ninth day of September of the year immediately preceding the date of the existing lease, contract, or agreement by virtue of which such lands are held or occupied; provided such lease, contrail, or agreement bears date of its commencement within fifteen vears previous to the passing of this act, or in case the date of the commencement of the said leafp shall go beyond fifteen years from the parting of this ac, then to an average of any three successive years within the said period of fifteen years; and provided the said parochial and other rates and assessmentt are'payableby the occupier for the time being;

And the value of all tythes as the same would be worth to be let when taken in kind, or the sums paid or payable for the same, or agreed to be paid in satisfaction for the same, within or for the lad preceding or the current year.

If such aggregate amount be under three hundred pounds a year, then the income shall be taken at one half of such amount; and if at three hundred pounds a year, or upwards, tl)enat three-fifths of inch amount.

Income arising from land occupied by the owner to be taken at the aggregate amount of rent of like lands in the neighbourhood, and a proportion of whatwould be computed to be the income of the tenant at rack rent.

Occupiers of land thinking themselves aggrieved by such afTtlf-ments may appeal, as allowed by the income acts, and if it be proved that the sum so estimated exceed* the clear income, the of may amend the assessment, so

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case of lands occupied by the owner, the income arirtng therefrom shall be taken at the aggregate amount of the rent at which the same arc worth to be let by the year, according to the ordinary rent of lands of the like quality, and under the like circumstances, in the same neighbourhood, and a certain proportion of what would be computed to be the income of the tenant at rack rent, as above mentioned; that is to say, If such aggregate amount be under three hundred pounds a year, then the income shall be taken at such rent and two-fifths of such amount, and if.at three hundred pounds a year or upwards, then at fqch rent and one*half of such amount; except always where the lands shall have come into the occupation of the owner within eighteen months part, on the expiration of a lease or the death or failure of a tenant, in which case the same shall be valued at one year's rent only of lands of the like quality as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by pursuing the rules before-mentioned, any occupier of land shall think himself aggrieved by the assessment to be made thereupon, i* shall be lawful for such occupier of land to appeal from such assessment, at such time and in such manner as appeals may be made under the said acts; and if upon the hearing of such appeal, it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the of, that the sum so tftimated as the income arising from such lands by virtue of such rule, doth exceed the amount of the clear income adlpally received by such occupier from such lands, on the average of three years preceding (if such person shall have occupied such lands during three years] or on the average of the period for which he shall have occupied the same (iflefsthan three years) it shall be lawful for such of, and they are hereby required, to amend such assessment in such manner as

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49. 597

according to all circumstances proved to them, shall appear just that no occti-and reasonable to be charged in respect of such actual income, chTr^ed with computed on the average and in manner aforesaid; so that in no more than a such case the occupier shall be charged with more than one tenth of the tenth part of his actual profits from the land so occupied by adhial profits

J from the land.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several provisions Provisions of the said recited acts, or any of them, which exempt from the which exempt duties thereby granted persons being in Great Britain for some ^enfs^not temporary purpose only, and not with any view or intent of to extend to establishing their residence therein, shall not be extended, in any persons who case, from and after the passing of this act, to any person who have conti-shall have continually resided in Great Britain for the space of JJx monTlis Cd six calendar months prior to the time required for the delivery of prior to the his or her statement of income; but every person who shall have time for de-continually so resided during the period before-mentioned, shall livery of fiat e-be chargeable to the said duties on income in the manner directed ^nbecharRe-by the said recited acts, as a person actually residing in Great able to the Britain, whether such person shall be a subject of his Majesty or duties, not; any thing in the said acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Temporary and every person who shall be adjudged, by reason of temporary residents residence in Great Britain, to be chargeable to the duties granted ^r^et0 by an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his pre- granted^by sent Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an aid 38 Geo. 3. and contribution for the prosecution of the war, shall be charged c. 16. to be thereto in the manner herein after directed. charged there-

XX. And be it further enacted, That in every case where the after directed. said respective of shall adjudge any person to be where the chargeable to the duties granted by the said last mentioned act, of as a person residing in this kingdom for a temporary purpose shall adjudge only, it shall be lawful for them, in their respective divisions or

districts, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby re- to°th elutes quired, to issue their precept or precepts to the respective assessors, under the aid or one of them, of the duties on houses, windows, and lights, and contribu-and other the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, granted by two acts passed in the thirty- cepts'to^lie*" eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the one thereof assessors of the intituled An act for repealing the duties on houses, windows, and duties granted lights, on inhabited houses, and on clocks and watches; and for G<: 0* granting to his Majesty other duties on houses, windows, and lights, £0 cause are*and on inhabited houses, in lieu thereof 5 and tire other thereof turn to be intituled An act for repealing the dunes upon ?nale servants, car- made of the riages, horses, mules, and dogs; and for granting to his Majesty particulars other duties in lieu thereof \ and acting for the parhh or place dutieTfo^ where the person or persons intended to be charged shall reside which such or be, or for any other parish or place where such person or pei son shall persons shall have returned to pay the duties or any of them charged charged by virtue of the said acts, requiring such affdfors, or the T^af^iT-one or more of them respectively, to cause a return to be made, ment under on a day and at a place to be fixed in every such precept, of the the said acts,

004. particulars or*'J0

ment has been

59§

made for the current or preceding year, or he shall not have been charged to the full amount, then to cause a return to be made of the hou&and window duties, and of the greatest number of male servants, &c. kept by him.

The a(Te flora to whom precepts shall be delivered, shall cause previous aflcflTnients to be computed upon the parties, in proportion to the duties granted by the said two acts of 38 Geo. 3. in respect of dwelling houses then occupied by them, and of the greatest number of male servants, &c. kept by them, which shall be the basis of an assessment to be made by the of under the income acts, according to the aid and contribution ad, but no aflVflment8 to the duties granted by the said acts of 38 Geo. 3. made for the purpose of this act, shall

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49. [1800.

particulars and amount of the duties for and to which such person or persons shall stand charged by virtue of the last assessment or assessments made upon such person or persons by virtue of the said last mentioned acts within their respective parities and places, in case any such assessment or assessments shall have been jnade; alnd if no such assessment shall have been made upon such person or persons for the current or preceding year, or if he, she, or they shall not have been charged to the full amount that is or might be chargeable by virtue of the said acts last mentioned, according to such return as is directed to be made by this act, then such assessors, or one of them, shall cause a return to be made of the house and window duties, and of the greatest number of male servants, carriages, horses, and dogs retained, kept, or used by such person or persons as aforesaid, at any time during the period herein after mentioned, or which he, she, or they shall then retain, keep, or use respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in every case where any such enquiry as aforesaid shall have been directed, it shall be lawful for the respective assessors to whom such precepts shall be delivered, and they are hereby required, according to the directions therein contained, to cause a previous assessment or assessments to be computed upon the person or persons mentioned in such precepts respectively, in proportion to the duties granted by the said two acts passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in respect of all and every dwelling houses or house which, or any part whereof, shall be then occupied by such person or persons, and whether any other person or persons shall have been charged for the same or not, and also in respect of the greatest number of male servants, carriages, horses, and dogs retained, kept, or used by him, her, or them, at any time within the period for which the before-mentioned return is hereby directed to be made, according to the respective description, and at the respective rates contained in the said last mentioned acts; which assessment or assessments so computed, being confirmed as herein after ifc directed, and returned to the said respective of appointed under the said acts for granting duties on income, shall be the basis of an assessment to be made by the said of upon such person or persons to the said duties on income, according to the said act for granting an aid and contribution to the war as aforesaid: provided always, That no assessment to the duties granted by the said acts of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign respectively or either of them, made for the purposes of this act, shall be deemed a charge upon any person or persons to the duties granted by the said acts, any farther than such person would be liable to if this act had not been made: provided also, That in cases where a sufficient assessment shall have already been made upon such person or persons to the said last mentioned duties, as required by this act, it shall be lawful for such assessors to cause a copy of such assessment to be returned to the said respective of

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49 599

for the purposes of this act, instead of making an assessment as he deemed a

herein-before is directed to the

laid duties

farther than the person would be liable if this act had not been made. Where a sufficient assessment has already been made, the assessors shall return a copy to the of instead of making an assessment.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every assessment of the Afltflinent* sums computed under the authority of this act, shall be returned by the assessors making the same to the proper of of turned tefthe the division for the duties granted by the said last mentioned acts, of for their confirmation, such assessors giving notice thereof to the of the division party or parties; which assessment shall be subject to appeal, ^ntedli^the within ten days after such notice, in the manner directed by the (^mention* said acts; and which appeal shall be determined by such com- ed acts, the missioners as soon as conveniently can be done, on ten days assessorsgiving general notice to be given by them in the manner directed or the Tct used in other cases of assessed taxes j and every such assessment so ^ent* confirmed or determined, shall be transmitted to the commission- subject to ap^ ers for carrying into execution the said acts for granting duties peal, which on income, to be by them used and applied in the execution shall be deters thereof, herein i, direSeJ. S^of

assessed taxes, shall be transmitted to the commissioners for executing the income acts.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, if If any person any person, whose ordinary residence shall have been out of nary^efi^nce Great Britain, shall, during the continuance of any charge made isoutof Great upon him or her, under the said first-recited acts or this act, by Britain, shall, reason of temporary residertee therein, depart from Great Britain during the and go into any parts beyond the seas, such charge shall continue until the end of the current year, unless notice of the time of made upon such departure be delivered to the clerk of the of by him on ac-whom such charge was made, and a receipt or receipts be pro- count of tem-duced to such clerk, of the payment or satisfaction of all sums rc"- which had accrued or might accrue upon such charge prior to beyond^he the time of such departure; in which case it shall be lawful for seas, the the said of to vacate such charge from and after the charge shall period of the actual departure of such person from Great Britain, the end^of^he whenever the same shall be certified to the said of by current year, the collector of the customs, or his deputy, or by any officer of unless notice the customs authorised by such collector or deputy, at the port of of departure departure of such person; which certificate every such collector or deputy shall give or cause to be given whenever required so to of the com-do by such person for the purposes aforesaid: provided that no missioners, and person, being a subject of his Majesty, shall be entitled to vacate a receipt pro-such charge in respect of income arising in Great Britain, by f^a£crued occasion of his or her departure from Great Britain within the prior thereto, year for which such charge was made: provided also. That in m which c^c* default of a certificate upon such departure, the said duties may the charge be levied for the whole of the current year as any debt to his Majesty upon record may be levied by.law. tificate from"

the officer of the customs at the port of departure; but no subject of his Majesty shall be entitled to vacate such charge in respect of income arising in Great Britain within the year. In default of certificate, the duties may bp levied as a debt upon record to his Majesty.

600 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49.

[1B00.

Ko lodger

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing chargeable in herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge any assessments l°dger in respect of the amount of any assessment computed upon upon the dn- the duties on houses, windows, or lights, for any greater pro* ties onhouses, portion of the house than what shall be in his or her actual oc-Scc. in any cupation: and that in every such case the part a£hially occupied portion than by forger be considered, for the purposes of this act, as for the part in a fe pa rate and distinct dwelling house. his occupation, which shall be considered as a fepr»rate dwelling house.

Where the of shall alll'fs any person at a greater amount than the sum delivered in, or shall discover that any increase ought to be made to any aflVfi-ment, they may charge for such increase a proportion not exceeding double the amount of the increase, unless it be

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in every case where the commercial of, or of aftingforany division, dial) assess any person or persons at any greater amount than the sum delivered in, in the statement of such person or persons; or where the said of shall at any time within the space of twelve calendar months after such aueflinent shall have been made, discover that any increase ought to be made to such assessinenr, it shall be lawful for the said of, or any two or more of them, to charge such person or persons for every such increase beyond the sums delivered in in such statement, or the sum contained in such assessment, as the case may i require, with a proportion not exceeding double the amount by which the duties with which such person would otherwise have been chargeable under or by virtue of the said acts or this act, shall have been so encreased; unless such person or persons shall make it appear, that the omilSon complained of did not proceed from any fraud, covin, art, or contrivance whatever, or any gross or wilful negledh

made appear that the omission did not proceed from fraud, &c.

Upon enquiry

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

into the for tfte of acting in and for each division, upon any amount of.? c»j a;

any income, enquiry into the amount of any income, or of any deduction to

or of any de- be made from any income, to summon all high constables, church-

duftiontobe wardens, and overseers of the poor, and all clerks to com&iif*

froin the* fl0ners of land tax and supply and assessed taxes, and all collectors,

of fopervifors, and other officers of excise, or any of them respect

may summon tively, within the division of the said respective of,

high conlta- and also all inspectors and surveyors, assessors and collectors of

bles, church- assessed taxes adiing for such division or any part thereof, whom

WAmf'O /*'

overseers t^le ^1^ of shall judge able to give evidence of the

clerks to amount of income or reputed income then under enquiry, or of

of the amount of deductions to be made thereout; ind all persons &lanbtfh', n summoned shall attend the meeting or meetings of the said bringwhh*1 of mentioned in such summons, and bring with them them all such before the said of, for their inspection, all such paro-documents as chial and other publick rates and assessments, and all books, may be re- documents, and papers relating thereto, and all other publick ^uirc*books, documents, and papers, as to such of respectively may seem necessary, and which they shall require; and it shall also be lawful for such of to examine upon oath, or solemn affirmation', as the case may require, all such high

constables,

I

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49., 601

constables, churchwardens, and overseers of the poor, and clerks The commiC to of, and all such collectors, supervisors, and officers ^xamine^h of excise, and inspectors and surveyors, aiTessors and collectors of constables, >0 taxes as aforesaid, touching any matter within the jurisdiction of &c. on oath, the said of in the execution of the said acts or this act, and touching any matter contained in such rates or asself-tnents, or such books, documents, and papers, as may in any Persons sum-way relate thereto, or that may better enable such of to ascertain the annual amount of any income, or which ought p^r or to to be ascertained or charged to the said duties, or to the amount bring the do-of any deduction to be made from such income; and every per- cuments reson so summoned as aforesaid, who shall neglect to appear before to

any such commissioners, Or to bring or produce any such rates or assessments, or any book, document, or paper required by any forfeit not ex-such of as aforesaid, or to answer to any such com- ccedin* 20L missioners any question, on oath or affirmation, touching any matter relating to the execution of the said acts or this act, shall, or y for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding the sum of demand a twenty pounds; and it shall be lawful for any inipedor or lur- cepy gratis, veyor to insped at all feaionable hours, or demand a copy gratis of any such rate or assessment, or any book, document, or paper coqimiifiunets relating to any such rate or assessment, or any other publick may think book, document, or paper, as the respective of in necessary to their respective divisions, or any two or more of them respectively may think needfary to further the enquiry of such of, them!or of or of such inspector or surveyor, in any manner relating to the the inspectors execution of the said acts or this act, and w^ich shall be in the or surveyors, hands of any such officer or person aforesaid, 1 whenever the fin'd of, or any two or more of them, shall authorise any commidlon-such inspector or surveyor so to do, by writing under their hands era. and seals; and if any such officer or person aforesaid shall wil- Persons neg-fully neglect, or refuse to permit such inspection, or to grant such letting to copy of any such rate or assessment, or any book, document, or permit such paper, required by such inspector or surveyor, under the audio- j" ^inT such rity of this act, every such officer or person shall forfeit and pay COpy, to for the sum of twenty pounds. it it aol.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after where it shall the passing of this act, whenever it shall appear to any of the said appear to the respective of for the purposes of the said acts, or to of any commercial of, that any statement or statements n^n^hisbeen

hath or have been delivered to them, or to any affieflor or afte/Tors, delivered to

contrary to the directions of the said acts or this act, or by miffake, them, or any

and contrary to the intent of the party, and such of aflvflbr, co"-

shall be of opinion that the income declared in such statement [ncoimeadt,

ought to be ascertained by other of, or whenever it or by mistake,

shall appear to any commercial of, that any person and they shall

delivering a statement to them, is not entitled to be a/fefled by he of opinion

them, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such after-

respective cpm missioners, and they are hereby respectively re- tainedbyother

quired forthwith to transnrrit such statement or statements to the commission-

of for the affairs of taxes, to be by them forthwith pr*» whe11

sent shall appear

(5* © W COfltt-

602 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49. [1800.

mercial com- sent to the of to whom such statement ot statement* miflSonersthat 0Ught> in the opinion of the of transmitting the same* livenng°a*to have been delivered; and the said respective of to statement to whom such statements were first delivered, shall cause notice them is not thereof to be given to or left at the usual place of abode of the atTcffed b°* person or persons who flwll have delivered such statement or them^ they statements, if the same shall be known; and if the same shall not ill all transmit be known by such of, then for the said of the same to the Gf taxes to cause notice thereof to be given, in such manner as order to^ein ^ey convenlendy can> either by delivery of notice to the party, fentCto°theing or by leaving the same at his or her last or usual place of abode, proper com- or by publick advertisement in one or mord of the London newt* missioners, and papers or gazette; and it shall be lawful for the respective comm'^Ioners to w^om any dement or statements shall be trvtbe parties; transmitted by the commissioners for the affairs of taxes as aforesaid the com- said, and they are hereby required, within a reasonable time missioners to after the receipt thereof, to proceed to make an assessment, upon statements* ^ie Person or Perons mentioned in such statement, in like manner IhahlbeVanf-n every respect as if such statement or statements had been first mitted from delivered to them, or to the assessor or assessors within the divi-the tax office fion of such of., shall, within

a reasonable time, make an assessment upon the persons mentioned in the statements, is If they had been first delivered to them or to the assessofs of the division.

foil fci, h ofjj

The commis-

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every instance put questfonsn which of are authorised by the said acts, or in writing any of them, to out any* question to any person or persons re-and demand lative to his, herj or their income, it shall be lawful for such signedanlwers of to put such question or questions in writing, and come and* to demand an answer accordingly from such person or persons, issue precepts signed by him, her, or them, and from time to time to issue their requiring precept or precepts, requiring true and particular answers to be them, and if given to such questions; and if at the end of the time or times the nines m limited in Inch precept or precepts, no answer in writing shall be limited may given to any such question so put by the said of, or (unless applied an answer which shall not be satisfaciory to the said of, to to proceed jt stall be lawful for them, orany two or more of them, and they wamination) are hereby required, (unless the Taid of shall be ap-make assess-'plied to by the party to proceed to viva voce examination, in ments accord- which case they shall summon the party accordingly, and proceed ing to their to a viva voce examination, as directed by the said accord-< Jud8ement# ing to the best of their judgement, to settle and ascertainin what sums such person or persons ought to be charged by the said acts or this act, and to make an assessment accordingly.

If any person

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-

arth*r ^ons from af, d a^ter Pa^ng of this he resident in ad nffide in any distri# or division wherein such person or persons shall not a district have been before charged to the said*duties on income for thecurrent wherein he year, the assessor or assessors, collector or collectors, or any in-he*11 hef haVC fPc<^or or ftwveyor, shall give or leave notice in writing to or charged for for cvcry Person f° reading within the limits for which such

assessors,

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49. 603

assessors, collectors, inspectors, or surveyors respectively act, to the current make out and deliver, within fourteen days next ensuing the ^1^1^ day of giving of such notice, a declaration in writing signed with jj^avcC* his or her proper name, which declaration shall specify the name notice for him of the parish or place, and county or counties, wherein such to deliver a person shall have been assessed Jto the said duties on income for ^ed decla-that year; and also to produce the certificate of such assessment, fyingnthePeCl" or in default thereof, to deliver a statement of his or her income, parish and for the purpose of being assessed to the duties upon income; and county in if any such person (as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to make out and sign and deliver such declaration as aforesaid, within the IncUo time before-mentioned, or shall make any false or untrue return produce the therein in any particular thereof, every such person shall for every certificate of such offence forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of t°r

twenty pounds; and when, in any such case, it shall not appear Oliver a state-that any such person or persons shall have been assessed to the said mentofhis duties upon income in any other parish or place, then, and in income, and such kcale, it shall be lawful for the respective of for default of acting for the said district, and they are hereby required, to pro- ^declara-ceed to assess such person to the said duties on income, in like tion, or if he manner in every respect as if such person had been resident in flidlmakeany such distriit at the time of the publication of notices as directed by the said a£s; and if any person or persons assessed to the said ^I; and 61 duties on income, shall remove out of the parish or place where when it shall he, she, or they shall have been assessed to the said duties, without appear that first paying or discharging all the said duties upon income charged j"uch perf011 upon him, her, or them, which shall then be due and payable, affefr^d iifany or without leaving in such parish or place, sufficient goods and other place, chattels whereon the said duties in arrear may be raised and levied, the coromif-and the same shall remain in arrear and unpaid for the space of finers shall twenty days after the time appointed by the said a&$ for payment jfhehaTbeen thereof, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit and resident at the pay (over and above the said duties so left unpaid as aforesaid) timeofpub-the sum of twenty pounds; and also in every such case it shall be hcation of lawful for the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, to certify notICC8# to the of of the district within which such person or If any person persons shall then reside, the whole amount of the assessment made upon such person or persons, together with the amount of the duties what maybe in arrear and due thereon; and such last mentioned or 1 leaving of shall thereupon issue a warrant of distress for the sufficient ef-recovery of the whole of the duty that shall then be in arrear, same shall together with the whole amount of the remainder of the said main in arrear assessment for the vear for which such assessment shall have been for 20 days ij made as aforesaid; and if goods or chattels pannot be found after theap-whereon such distress can be fully made, then and in every such case the whole of such arrear of duty, and remainder of assessment aforesaid, or such part thereof as cannot be so levied and collectedolv and on by distress as aforesaid, shall be recoverable as a debt upon record certificate to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.,

taxes the of of the district may fffue a warrant of distrefe for the arrears, together with the remainder of the assessment for the year, and if sufficient distress cannot Be found, the money unfortified ftiaill be recoverable as a debt upon record to his Majesty.

n r HhCo(MX' And

604 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49. [1800.

Commission-

XXX. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any

for hearing appeal, for part of a county or riding, or of the three divisions of Lincoln shire, may aft within any part of such county, riding, or division, and ar-

flr hHT*miecl Persons may have been appointed to be of for hearing and determining appeals for part of a county or riding, or of the three divisions of the county of Lincoln, it shall be lawful for such persons, by virtue of such appointment, to act as such commissioners in the hearing and determining appeals arising within any part of such county or riding, or of the divisions in the said county of Lincoln, and to select and arrange amongst themselves for what part of such county, riding, or division, they will so aft, giving due notice thereof to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; provided always, that no such person shall act as a commissioner of appeal^, and also as a commissioner for the purposes of the said acts, within the same part of such county, riding, or division as rangeamonRft last aforesaid. themselves for

what part they will aft, giving notice to the tax office; but no such person shall act as a commissioner of appeals, and as a commissioner for the purposes of the income acts within the same part.

Qualification

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, ot commis- from and after the passing of this act, any person shall be capable fiontrs for Gf acting as a commissioner for the purposes of the said acts, or as fneome acts C a ctnmissioner for hearing and determining appeals, within or or of commit for any of the counties at large within the dominion of Woles', sioners of ap- or in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, who diall be peal for coun- possessed of a personal estate of the like value, or be feifedor i^Walcsor posse/Ted of an estate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of Scotland, a the like nature and of two-fifths of the value, as is required as personal estate the qualification of a commissioner for the purposes of the said of the like acts, or of a commissioner for hearing and determining appeals reaUftate^of respectively, within and for any other county at large in Greet the like nature Britain, without being subject to the penalties in the said acts and two fifths contained for acting without the qualification therein required in of the value such cases.any thing in any act or acts to the contrary thereof "5E, r no, wilhftancHng. for counties at large in Great Britain.

If the direc-

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the provisions

tions for ap- or directions of the said acts for nominating and appointing commiifoners commissioners for the purposes of the said acts, or commission-for executing ors for hearing appeals, or any of them, shall have been or shall be found, reputed, or deemed inapplicable to any liberty, town, or place in England, or to any stewartry, sheriffdom, or place, or any part thereof in Scotland, by occasion whereof or for any other cause such commissioners shall not have been appointed, of having been appointed shall have declined to act as such of respectively, in such liberty, town, or place in England, or in such stewartry, borough, or place in Scotland, it shall be lawful

the income acts, or for hearing appeals, shall be found inapplicable to any liberty, &c. in England, or any

stewartry, &c. for the sheriff of such liberty, town, or place in England, for the in Scotland, time being, or in case there be no sheriff^ for the mayor, bailiff, and commis- coroner, or chief magistrate of such, liberty, town or place in noThave been ^H^nd for the time being, and f6r the sheriff or sheriff depute appointed, or of such stewartry, sheriffdom, or place in Scotland fac the time shall hare being, and such officers respectively are hereby required, from

time

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49. 605

time to time as often as there shall be occasion, to summon the declined to

persons named in the commission of the peace, having authority artjthesheriff,

toast as justices or conservators of the peace within or for fuel) nio^the

liberty, town* or place in England, or such stewartry, (hcriftdom, son^riamed^n

or phee in Scotland; and such justices or conservators of the the e mmif- 1

peace so summoned respectively as aforesaid, shall, if in England, h°n tile

fde& a suffi.ient number of persons qualified as required by the said arfits in the cases of towns in England, not being counties of sufficient

themselves, and if in Scotland, shall leledt the like number of per- number of

Tons qualified as required by the said acts in the cases of stewar- persons to be

tries in Scotland, to be of for the purposes of the said

acts, for such liberty, town, or place in England, or such stewartry, jjftg of quaii-

sheriffJom, or place in Scotland; and also a sufficient number of tied pettoru

persons, qualified as required by the said acts, in the cases of laid before

counties in England, and shires and stewartries in Scotland respectively, to be of for hearing and determining ap- qUjmjto "

peals therein respcrSlively; which persons shall be so selected hoin iumrr.on such

the lifts of persons so qualified, which shall he prepared and laid persons, and

before them at such meeting by the respective officers herebyhe com*-

o /*/ fionc-i s or

required to summon such persons, (and which lifts every such taxes Ul

officer is hereby required to prepare and make out and lay before laud, and

such persons at such meeting), with power for the of barons of

for the affairs of taxes in England, and the barons of the exchequer in Scotland, at the request of any person so qualified, 10 the request of

require his and their name and names to be inferred therein, and any qualified

also for such persons to select a sufficient number of persons also person, may

so qualified to supply vacancies arising therein from time to time;

and if the persons present at the said meeting or meetings shall in^fe^there-

not find in any such lifts sufficient numbers of persons qualified to in, and if a

be of, they shall felcdl such number of persons so sufficient

qualified from any adjoining county in England, or shire or (lew- number be

arty in Scotland; and the names of such persons shall be returned th^y^shall

to the comtniflloners for the affairs of taxes, and such persons (deft them

who shall be so selected shall be of respectively for from any ad-

the purposes of the said aefts, and for hearing and determiningj0, »'nbr county

appeals, in the order in which their names shall be returned^ as

aforesaid. of the persons shall be returned to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That w henever it shall When tire in-happen that the acts relating to the said duties upon income can- come acts not be executed in any year previous to the time appointed fur ^"fprevkms the payment of the first or any subsequent instalmein of the said to the time duties, it shall be lawful for the commissioners who shall have of paying any made any afllllinent after the period appointed for any such pay- instalment the ment, (which they are hereby declared to be competent to do dl°have whenever the same shall be necessary), to settle and adjust atraacjcajiy what time and in what proportions the instalment or instalments, nfteftiuent of which the time or times for-payment shall then have elapsed, after the pe-shall be paid, in such manner as to them shall appear just and reasonable; regard being had to the amount of such assessment, mlnt/mzy*

and settle at what

6o6

income chargeable to duties, may appoint proper persons with salaries, with the approbation of the treasury, to make out

or the commercial of, statements of such income. The treasury

the duties on income. Persons so appointed shall make out statements as

a(Ve Aments, and transmit them to the respective courts, that directions

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49. [1800.

rime, and in and the number of days appointed for the payment of instalments what propor- t|, en to co: ne in such year, tions the in- J

ftalment8 shall be paid.

Every court

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful*having con- for every court of equity, or other court having the direction and lnrni?^Cr any controul over any income chargeable to the said duties on income, mm* whether such income shall be under the controul and direction of any such court by reason of any suit depending therein inre-sped of such income, or of any property from*which any such income shall arise, or whether the same shall belong to any infant, lunatick, or other person or persons, to appoint some proper person or persons, with such assistants, as may by any such court be deemed necessary, and with such respective salaries or rewards as to such respective courts shall, with the consent and approbation thecomr^f-° the of of the treasury, seem reasonable and fit; sioners for and which salaries and rewards such of of the treasury, executing the or any three or more of them for the time being, are hereby au-income acts, thorised from time to time to direct the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, or any receiver general, as may be most convenient to advance and pay out of the duties granted on income, received or receivable by them respectively, and for payment of which the order of such of of the treasury as afore-rde th^be a ^uc*ent voucher and discharge, to make out and Slanes tobe C deliver to the respective of for the purposes of the paid out jof said acts and this act, or to the commercial of, as the

case may require, acting for the respective districts within which such courts shall respectively fit, statements of all such income as aforesaid; and the persons so respectively appointed as aforesaid shall, as soon after they shall be so appointed as the same can conveniently be done, make out such statements, and from time soon as can be to time^ in making out the same, take the direction of the court, doneC and de- un(^cr the direction and controul whereof any such income shall liver them to be, and deliver the same to such respective of as afore-the commit- said; and the respective of to whom any such state-sioners, who^ ment shall be delivered, shall thereupon proceed to assess all such afoffments* C income as aforesaid, and shall, as soon after such assessment shall have been made as aforesaid as the same can be done, Cause the same to bq transmitted to the respective courts having the direction and controul of such income as aforesaid, in order that such courts respectively may give such directions therein as may roay be given be necessary for the payment of such assessments. for payment.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Such parts of parts of the said acts as require certain forms of notices for and the said acts returns of income to be delivered by assessors, shall be and the cer^nforms ^ame are hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of of notices for this act, such forms for notices and returns shall be delivered and returns from time to time as shall be requisite, and so as tao be conform-of income to able to the provisions of the said acts and this act, and the true SorTre y ^tent and meaning thereof, pealed, which shall be delivered from time to time as shall be requisite.

All things

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all matters and relating to things

It c

3np

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 49. 607

things in this act contained, relating to any person or persons persons liable liable to be aflfcfled to the said duties upon income, shall be applid to, and the same are hereby declared to extend to all bodies, cor- &c-

"porations, companies, fraternities, and societies whatever, as far'as any such matters and things can be or are applicable to any bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, in like manner in evefy respect aS if such matters had been expressly extended to such bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies;

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Persons afieff-person or persons (h3ll have been or shall be assessed, in one di- ^v-^0^npen(t vifiort or place, to the duties on his, her, or their income, and m ano, shall have been, or shall be again assessed in* another division or ther n: ayap-place for the same income, or any part thereof, it shall be lawful ply to the for such person or persons to apply to the of acting, for the several parishes or places in which such person or persons ph^s

shall have been so assessed as afo'resaid, for the purpose of being for relief, and relieved from such double assessment; and the commissioners the committing for the division or place within which such person or per- fJ?ner8 r the fons mall have been first assessed to the said duties, shall upon such she^first af-"*

" application give, 'or cause to be given, a certificate under the foment (halt hands of any two of such of of the amount of the af- certify the feflTment there made, with the particulars of the income there

assessed; which certificate shall be given gratis; upon the produc- ther*

5 tion of which certificate to the of of any other divi- Upon produc-v Con or place within which such person or persons shall have been tion of which assessed in respect of the same income, or any part thereof, such to titecom- of shall, upon being satisfied that such person or per-

forts has or have been so doubly assessed as aforesaid, cause the piace they assessment made in such division or place to be vacated, so as that shall cause the such person or persons may not remain charged by more than'one assessment assessment for the same income.

y XXVIII. And whereas doubts have arisen iti what manner the heme arising from houfts kept by the owners for the purpose of being owner kt out wholly or in part in lodgings, ought to be tharged under the said Of recited acts \ be it declared and further enabled. That the Owner houks* of any such house shall be chargeable for such house, or such part chargeable for thereof only which shall be a&uajiy occupied by him or her, for the P: trts they his or her own house j and that for such house, or such part for the1profits thereof which shall be let out in lodgings, or kept for that pur- arising from pose, the owner thereof shall be chargeable in respect of the in- the parts let come arising from the profits made thereby, out*

XXXIX. And whereas doubts hate arisen whether persont having Persons holder holding any perpetual curacyshould be charged to the said duties upon perpetual income, in respect of attyjiipend paid to a curate; be it therefore tobe charged enacted, That no person having; or holding any perpetual curacy in respect of shall be charged in respect of any stipend which he shall pay to ftipendspdd any curate or curates for doing the duty, or any part of the duty for doing the bf such perpetual4 curacy.

XL. And be it furthef enacted, That it shall be lawful for tfhe 'The commis-commissioners siting in the execution of any act or acts /elating Vot.XLII. R*

608 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. p.

[1800.

may determine offences, subjecting to pecuniary penalties as; uf-tices of the pence might, and the penal* ty shall be added to the assessmc nt, and collided therewith.

to duties upon income, to hear and determine any offence against the same, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty, in like manner in every respect, and by all such powers and authorities, ways and means, as any justice of the peace might have exercised and used in pursuance or by virtue of the said acts, or any of them; and every such penalty that shall be adjudged by such of in pursuance of any such act or actsor this act, against any person who shall have been or shall be liable to be assessed to the duties granted by the said acts, in respect of his or her income, shall be added by such commissioners to the assessment of the person who shall have forfeited the same, if such penalty shall be forfeited within the district within which the final assessment upon such person shall have been of is to be made in pursuance of this act; or if such penalty shall be forfeited in any other district, then and in every such case, the of by whom such penalty shall be adjudged, shall certify the conviction thereof to the of of the district by whom the final assessment upon such person shall have been or is to be made, and such commissioners shall forthwith add the same to the final

assessment upon such person, and such penalty shall be levied and collected therewith and as part of the said assessment", subject nevertheless to such distribution of the penalty so levied, and to the like costs, as by the said acts, or any of them, is or are directed.

The prAvi-

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the* hicome'acts^ provisions of the said acts, or any of them, except where the (except where lame are expressly varied by this act, shall, in the execution of varied by this) this act, be severally applied and construed, in like manner as if and of this the said provisions were severally and specially enacted in this act; conftluccHo anc* an<^ every provisions of this act shall, in the execution gerher as one. r^e r^ited acts, be severally applied and construed in like act. manner as if the same provisions several lyjipraed a part of the said acts, and were specially enacted therein.

Aa may be

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this act, or any of the pe^lld this* provisions herein contained, may be altered, varied, or repealed* Mlioa, by any act or acts to be made in this session of parliament.

CAP. L.

An act to extend thf provisions of an act made in tie seventeenth jar of the reign of King George the Second, iutiluledt An act (0 amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and d i for derly per tons, and to houfo of correction.-^[June 2Q, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS idle and disorderly persons frequently assemblt ad officiate themselves to support and afjijl each other in the defirutt'tcn of game, in the nighty and are( if interruptedy guilty of great violence by Shoot: ngy mat mingy and beating, to the great terror: of his Majesty's subjects, and to the encouragement of idlenefi and immorality j and such practices arc found by experience to lead to tie

1800."{ Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 5^. 609

iomrfnjjton of crimes and felonies: for the suppression thereof may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any persons to the number of two or more Persons to the shall, after the passing of this act, enter into or be found in any number of forest, chase, park, wood, plantation, paddock, field, meadow, or other open or inclosed ground, in the night, that is to say, foreU &c.at Between the hours of eight of (lie clock at night and fix in the the times morning from the first day of October to the first day of February, herein speci-or between the hours of fen at night and four in the morning havin? - from the first day of February to the first day of October in each engine^dth and every year, having any gun, net, engine, or other iuftru- intent to kill silent for the purpose and with the intent to destroy, take, or or game, kill, Or shall wilfully destroy, take, or kill, auy hare, pheasant, partridge, heath fowl commonly called Black Game, or groule with offensive commonly called Red Game, or any other game; or if any per- weapons, may son or persons shall be found with any gun, fire arms, bludgeon, beapprthend-or with any other offensive weapon, protecting, aiding, abetting, or assisting any such persons as aforesaid; it shall and may be keJor!e a juf. lawful to and for the ranger and rangers, and to and for the owner rice /half be dud owners, occupier and occupiers of any such forest, chase, deemed park, wood, plantation, paddock, field, meadow, or other open g*lc* or inclosed ground, and also for his, her, or their keeper and wnhin the keepers, servant and servants, apd also for any other person or meaning of persons, to seize and apprehend, oi so assist in seizing and appre- 17 Geo. a. hending such offender or offenders, by virtue of this act, and by c. 5> &c* the authority of the same to convey and deliver such offender or offenders into the custody of a peace officer, who is hereby authorised and directed to convey such offender or offenders before same one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county or place where such offence shall J>e alledged to have been committed; or in case such offender or offenders shall not be so apprehended, then it shall and maybe lawful for any such justice, on information before him on the oath of any credible witness or witnesses, to issue his warrant for the apprehension of such offender or offenders $ and if, upon the apprehension of any such offender or offenders, it shall appear to such justice on the oath of any credible witness or witnesses, that the person or persons so charged hath or have been guilty of any or either of the said offences, every such person shall be deemed and taken to be a rogue and a vagabond, within the true intent and meaning of an act, made in the Seventeenth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act to amend and make more effectual the laws' relating to rogues and vagabonds and Other idle and disorderly person and to housescorrections and shall suffer such pains and punKhments as are drredled to be inffidted by any law or statute in force and effect on rogues and vagabonds; and in case any person or persons being so convicted shall again offend against any of the provisions of this act, such person or persons shall be

610 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1800.

deemed and taken to be an incorrigible rogue* and shall suffer such pains and punishments as by any law of statute in force and cfredt are directed to be tafli&ed on incorrigible rogues.

CAP LL

An act to permit blubber from the Greenland fishery and Dayis's Srreights to be boiled into oil after the arrival of the ships from tit fishery, and for charging the duty thereon; for altering the convoy duty now payable in the importation of opium; for repealing the duties on the importation of oil of turpentine and tar, and charging other duties in lieu thereof; Jot exempting burr fonts, and Jims used for the purpose of paving or the making or mending of roads, from the duties charged thereon when carried coastwise \ for obliging tnajlers of ships laden with tobacco to remove the same from tbtir moorings when their cargoes are discharged; and for extending bonds given on licensing ships, vessels, or boats, to all cases wherein ships, vessels, or boats may be liable to forfeiture* — [June 20, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

'vt j WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of (he

38 Geo. 3. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better c' protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new

and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported, j and on the tonnage of certain ships entering outwards or inwards j to or from foreign parts, until the signing the preliminary articles of peace; amongst other things a duty of fixtten shillings and ten-pence per ton is 'imposed on the importation of oil or blabber: and whereas it is the practice on board ships or vessels employed in (be J out hern whale fishery to boil the blubber (being the produce of whales and other creatures caught and taken in the said fishery) during tie voyage, and to import the oil only into Great Britain, which predict is not observed on board ships or vessels employed in the Greenland whale fishery, in consequeme whereof the importers tf blubber in the (did last mentioned fishery are liable to pay as much duty for thebbbber as the importers pay for the oil in the/aid first mentioned fishery \ and it is therefore expedient that the blubber (being the produce of wholes and ether creatures living in the sea, caught and taken in the said fishery) should be permitted to be boiled into oil, and afterwards to pay duty accordingly, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament On return of assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and ?ny VC}fe* a^ter Passing and may be lawful, upon

Greenland the return of any ship or vessel from the Greenland Seas or Davis's and Davis's Streights, with any blubber, being the produce of whales or Streights, the other creatures living in the seas, caught and taken in the said blubber may fiftery, to boil such blubber, under the care and inspection ot ofl and d"*0 ProPer officer or officers of the customs, into oil, and after-mitted toen- wards such oil shall be admitted to entry, and the duties thereon try, paid, according to the laws now in force; any act or acts of parliament, or custom or usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

1800.] Anno regni quadra^esimo Georgii III. c. 51. 611

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any blubber has»s mayblub-been imported into Great Britain in any ship or vessel employed veflVl^ in the said fishery lince the twenty-eighth day of June one thou- employed in sand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and such blubber has after- the said fishery wards been boiled into oil, such oil shall be admitted to entry, fnee June and shall be charged with duty agreeably to the regulations and798« directions of this act.

III. And whereas by the said act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Mayefly, amongst other things, a duty of one shilling and two-pence halfpenny the pound weight is imposed on the importation of opium: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said duty cn oprumy and to impose in lieu thereof a duty of three pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of such opium imported; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the eleventh day of May one thousand eight hundred, the duty im- im^ftd^y1 Y posed by the said recited act on opium imported into this king- recited act on dom shall be, and the same is hereby repealed save and except opium repeal-in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof cd> except Which may remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture arrears> relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the passing of this act).

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after thehwofl for' eleventh day of May one thousand eight hundred, in lieu and every°iooi.?n instead of the said duty hereby repealed, there shall be raised, valu of opium levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- imported shall ceflors, in ready money, without any discount whatever, upon be

the importation of opium into this kingdom, a duty of customs of three pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of such opium so imported.

V. And be it further enacted, That the value of such opium The value of so imported shall be ascertained by such rules and regulations, opium to be and shall be subject and liable to such and the like conditions, and huty restrictions, forfeitures, and| penalties, as are prescribed, directed, to be levied^ and imposed by the said recited act, in the case of goods imported directed by into this kingdom, and thereby subject to duty according to the recited value thereof; and that the duties by this act imposed shall be managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in such and the like manner,

and in and by the like ways, means, or methods, as the dudes of customs imposed on goods imported irito this kingdom, and which are subject to duty according to the value thereof, are by the said recited act managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall have con- Continuance tinuance with respect to the said duty imposed on opium during of that duty, such time as the said recited act shall remain in force, and no longer.

VII. And whereas it is expedient that the duties payable on the importation of oil of turpentine should be repealed, and new duties imposed in lieu thereof except so much of the said duties as are payable by virtue of the said act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of

' R R 3

by VjUUVLv

6i*

From Jiriy s,

1800. the import Juries on oil of turpentine, except those p lyable under recited act, repealed,

and instead thereof a duty ot 2d. iq. per lb. shall be paid.

The duties on oil of tuipen-tine to "be subject to the additional duty of 5l. parent. and 5 I. p?r cent, granted by >7 Geo. 3. c 19. and 37 Geo. 3. c. 110.

From July 5, j8oo, the duties payable on tar reported, and the drawbacks allowed on exportation, except those payable and allowed under 38 Geo. 3. c. 36. repealed,

and instead

thereof the

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 5)t.

[180$,

his present Majesty y be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred, the duties now payable by law on the importation of oil of turpentine, except so much of the said duties as are payable by virtue of the said recited a St passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the passing of this ac).

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after fh$ fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred, in lieu and instead of the said duties hereby repealed, there shall jbe raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in /eady money, without any discount whatever, upon the importation of oil of turpentine into this kingdom^ a duty of customs of twp-pence halfpenny the pound weight, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said duties upon oil of turpentine shall be subject and liable to the additional duty of five pounds per centum thereon, payable upon goods, wares, and merchandize imported, by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty certain duties of customs on goods, wares, and merchandize imported into, exported from, or brought and carried coastwise within Great Britain, and for other purposes; and shall a)so be subject and 1/able to the further additional duty of five pounds per centum thereon, payable upon goods, wares, and merchandize imported by virtue of another ad, passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty additional duties of customs on goods, wares, and merchandize imported into, exported from, or carried coast wife in this kingdom, and for other purposes.

X. And whereas it. is expedient that the duties payable an the importation, and the drawbacks allowed on the exportation of tar, Jbouli be repealed, except so much of the said duties as are payable by virtue of the said act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of bii present Majesty, and that new duties should be imposed, and drawback allowed in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred, the duties now payable bylaw on the importation of tar, except so much of the said duties as are payable by virtue of the said |ecited ad, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of Ins present Majesty, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, and the draw, backs now allowed by law, on the exportation of tar, shall Bo, and the same are hereby repealed save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, paying, or allowing, any arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the passing of this act).

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and ^fter the

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 51.

fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred, in lieu and instead; of the said duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, coiledled, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in ready money, without any discount whatever, upon the importation of tar, the following duties of customs, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; and on the exportation of such tar to foreign parts there shall be allowed the following drawbacks, and so in proportion for any greater or iefs quantity; that is to say.

Duties. Drawbacks.

Tar, not being the production of any of the dominions or plantations of the crown of Great Britain, videlicet, imported in a British-built ship, the last containing twelve barrels, each barrel not exceeding thirty-one gallons and a half -

Tar imported in a foreign ship, the last containing twelve barrels, each barrel not exceeding thirty-one gallons and a half Tar of the product of any of the dominions or plantations of the crown of Great Britain, the last containing twelve barrels, jeach barrel not exceeding thirty-one gallons ?nd a half -

s.

d.

O94

o 10 o

083

X. d.

8 4

9 4

7 3

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said duties upon tar shall be subject and liable to the additional duty of five pounds per centum thereon, payable upon goods, wares, and merchandize, imported by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty certain duties of customs on goods, wares, and merchandize imported into, exported from, or brought and carried coastwise within Great Britain, and for other purposes; and shall also be subject and liable to the further additional duty of five pounds per centum thereon, payable upon goods, wares, and merchandize imported by virtue of another act passed in the thirty-seventh vear of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty additional duties of customs on goods, wares, and merr chandize imported into, exported from, or carried coastwise in this kingdom, and for other purposes.

XILI. And be it further enacted, That the duties hereby imposed, and the drawbacks allowed, shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, cohered, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, applied, and allowed, in such and the like manner, and in and by such and the like ways, means, or methods by which the duties of customs hereby repealed on the like goods, wares, or merchandize imposed and payable by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the Vign of hi's present Majesty, or by any other act or acts

' R R 4 r^of

by VjjU

613

following shall be paid and allowed.

Duties and drawbacks.

The duties on tar shall be subject to the additional duty of 51, per cent, and S 1. per cent, printed by 3 7 Geo 3. c. 15. and 37 Geo.

3. c, no.

The said duties and draw-backs shall be managed, le^ vied, and allowed as the former, and the powers of all afrs for teen ring the revenue of customs ftnll fftehd to this act;

614 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 5T.

[1800.

1 of parliament in- force on or immediately before the passing of

this act, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, /collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, applied, and allowed, and the goods, wares, or merchandize so, by this act made chargeable with the said dqties, and on which the said drawbacks are allowed, shall be, ajid the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, r, ules, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, to which any goods, wares, or merchandize, upon which any duties of customs are imposed and payable, or any drawbacks are allowed, were subject: and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this act; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture for any offence whatever committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this act, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby dirtfted and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, 1 and put in execution, for and in respect of the duties hereby charged, and the drawback hereby allowed, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, pains, penaltie$? and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.*j

34 Geo. 3.

XIV. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-fourth sear cj P* she reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to j

his Majesty certain duties of customs on date, stone, and marble, fmong/l other things certain duties are imposed upon allfont, tilt production of Great Britain, (except as therein provided)} which shall he brought coastwise by sea from any port or plate within the kingdom of Great Britain to any other port, or to any place within the limits of any other port within the said kingdom, and it half amongst other things in the said act provided, that any Jim cut or % anufactured into millflows, or manufactured/lone used for the purposes of husbandry, shall not be charged with the duty thereby imposed 011 stone the produ ft ion of Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that all stone cut or manufacture4 into burr stones, and distones fed for the purpose of paving, or for the purpose of making or mending roads, fhottla be exempt from the payment of duty; be it therefore Bqrr and pay- enacted, That all stones whatever, cut or manufactured into ing stones; burr stones, and all stones used for the purpose of paving, or for meliding*or PurP^c ma^ing or mending roads, shall be, and the same roads, shall are hereby declared to be, exempt from the duty by the said be exempted recited act upon stone the production of Great Britain, provided from the duty tjic same shall be accompanied with the usual cqaft dispotches, 3s iwtedaft ifn ca^e &ooc*s Parried poaftwife free of duty $ and that the pro-accompanied prieror or proprietors, or consignee or conhgnpes thereof, shall, with the usual previous to the same being unshipped or landed from on board ihe co.iil dif- ship or vessel in which the same shall have been brought coast-

wife,

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 5$. 615

wife, make, with the proper officer of the customs at the port patches, and or place where the same shall be brought coastwise, a regular conditions^ entry of such goods, and shall make oath thereon before the said herein men-officer^ who is hereby authorised and required to administer thetioned be tain^ that such goods are of the denomination or description complied aforesaid; and, with respect to paving stones, that the same arewitii: intended for the purposes of being made use of in paving or making or mending of roads only.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all stone exempt from but (tone so duty by thi$ ad shall be subject and liable to such and the like conditions, restrictions, forfeitures, and penalties as are prescribed, ^athe regula-directed, and imposed by the said recited act, as fully and effec-tiona pre-tually to all intents and purposes as if all the clauses, powers, scribed by directions, and authorities of the said recited act, were particularly recited Repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

XVI. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty to prevent other ships than those laden with tobacco from1 mooring and discharging their lading at the places appointed by an act passed in the twenty'ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties on to-9 Geo. 3. '

bacco and fnuffi and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, andc«

for other purposes, it is amongst other things enabled, That it shall not be lawful for any ship or vessel, other than such ships as shall be

laden in the whole or in part with tobacco, to be moored, or the lading

thereof discharged, at or within the limits of any of the places appointed,

or io be appointed, for the mooring of ships laden with tobacco; and in

case any ship or vessel shall be moored, or the lading thereof discharged,

contrary to this a St, the master or other person having or taking the

charge or command of such ship or vessel, and wilfully offending herein,

shall for each and every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds: and whereas the provisions of the said recited act are not fuffeient to prevent inconvenience to the mqfters of ships or vessels laden with tobacco for want of its being expressly declared, that after ships or Vessels laden with tobacco have discharged their cargo, such ships or vessels shall be removed from the mooring places to make room for other ships or vessels which may arrive with tobacco for the purpose of Jff charging their cargoes \ for remedy thereof be it enacted, That as WhenreflTcU soon as conveniently may be after ships or vessels, laden in theladen whh Whole or in part with tobacco, have regularly discharged their u°^act*f cargoes respectively, such ships or vessels shall be removed from ed^eircar* the place or places appointed for mooring of the ships or vessels goes, they shall laden with tobacco; and in case the matter or other person he removed having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or from the vessel shall omit, neglect, or refuse to remove such ship or vessel of

from such mooring place or places, such master or other person % o\.

shall for each and every offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds

XVII. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty fourth year of* Geo. 3. the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more0*47* effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom, andj'several other acts, certain ships, vessels, and boats therein particularly der

616 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1800.

scribed, are in certain cases to forfeiture., unless the owner

thereofshall have a licence for navigating the same, as therein directed, from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners the admiraltyfor the time being, or any ptrfott author'tfed by them, to grant the same: and whereas the owner of every vejfl, or boat,

so licensed, is required to give certain security, as in alls direSiei,

'before such ship, vessel, or boat should proceed to, or fail out of ary

port, harbour, or creek, in this kingdom: and whereas it is expedient that the terms and conditions of such security should be extended to alt tofes wherein such ship, vessel, or boat may be forfeited or liable to forfeiture for or on account of any offence contrary to or in breath of arty acts or act of parliament now in force j and that, over and above the security in the said acts dircded, further security should be givttt by bond in manner dir eded by the said acts by the said owner before any such ship, Vessel, or boat, Jh proceed to sea, or fail out of any port, harbour, or creek, in this kingdom, that such vessels, and

/hall not be used or employed in hovering within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, or in any other manner, or in any trade or employment,

The ownrr of contrary to law: be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the every vessel pgffing of this a cl, the owner of every ship, vessel, or boat, which the recited W shall be licensed in pursuance of the said recited 9ft, or any sub-a<ft, shall, sequent act or acts of parliament, shall, before any such ship, before it fails, vessel, or boat, shall proceed to sea, or fail oat of any port, har-fhV» th"f hour, or creek, in this kingdom, give security by bond, in the shall not be manner directed by the said recited acts respectively, that such found within ships, vessels, and boats, shall not be found at anchor, or hover* certain limits ing within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or ^>ec*' within four leagues of the poaft thereof, nor discovered to have been within the said limits or distance contrary to the said recited

aft, passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and also that such ship, vessel, or boat, shall not be found within the distances and situations particularly described and set forth in an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repealing so much of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, as directs, that no cambrick or lawn shall be imported from Ireland and for making more effectual an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom, and for other purposes, contrary to the directions and provisions of the said recited act } and also, that such ship, vessel, or boat, shall not be employed, nr be feund or discovered to have been out of the limits within which such ship, vessel, or boat, shall or may be licensed to navigate or trade, contrary to the directions and provisions of an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making further provisions in regard to such vessels as are particularly described in an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom, and for extending the said act to other vessels and boats not particularly described therein,

1800] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 52. 617

and for other purposes; and also that such ship, vessel, or boat, and also th.it shall not be engaged for or used in any trade or employmentQet vhatc/er, other than that described and set forth in the licence gaged in any forft|: h ship, vessel, or boar, contrary to an act passed in the other trade thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent or employ-vessels licensed by the admiralty from being engaged in any trade or employment not permitted by their licences; and also that forth in the such ship, vessel, or boat, shall not be used or employed in any licence, &c. other way or manner whatever, contrary to the laws in force relating to the revenue of customs on and immediately before the passing of this act.

CAP. LII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

[June 20, 1800.]

#16, 250l. to be raised by a lottery, to consist of 60, 000 tickets at 13]. 25s.

5 d. each. All persons who have made deposits of il. 53. 5d. for each ticket pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at the time following, viz. al. 10s. by July 14* 1800. — al. by Aug. 29. — 2l. by Off. 20* — 3l. by Dec. 5. — and th* remaining 3l. by Jan. 23, 1801, and the contributors for each 131.15s. sd. advanced, shall be entitled to such lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and those that pay contributions before Dec. 4. to be allowed discount at 3l. per cent, per annum, and to have lottery tickets delivered at 13l. jjs. jd. each. Cashier to give fecuxky, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money p?.id in by the cashier. 590, 000l. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets^ and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same.

Cashier* to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of money received and paid in Undifpoica tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or silk; and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box, to be locked up and sealed.

Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. One prize of 30, 000k — one of 20, 000k — two of io, ooook — four of 5, 0001. — five of 1, ooool. — t enos 1, ooool. — sixtee n of 5 ool. — fi fty-four of 1 ool. — one hundred of50l. — seventeen thousand two hundred of iSl. — 10, ooool. to theownerof the first drawn ticket on the twenty-fifth day, -«-ao, ooook to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the twenty-ninth day, — 30, 000k to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the thirty-third day, — andooook to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the fortieth day. — Tickets in the outermost column of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), &c. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on March 2, 1801 Method to be observed in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Forging tickets, &c. felony. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty to receive a pardon and fifty pounds reward. Managers to be sworn. Cashier may receive the sums lublcribed; giving a note for the same, which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 13l.

15s. sd. paid. After July 14, 1800, the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the sum attually subscribed; and shall give receipts for the residue of such sums, after value of the tickets so delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the time limited,

n rtqtfefc Ip

VjVJtJV LC

618

[Preamble.]

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. 0, 53. [1800.

forfeit their dcpoGts, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, &c. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, &c. as they shall think fit. The 500, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, tqbe charged on any suppliea granted this session; and shall be' paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on Aug. i, x&oi, Sec. Managers to ghre notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and signed, &c. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expence attending the execution of this act. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies for rectipts, &c. on penalty of 20l. No person to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing unit fa employed as a clerk by the managers or licensed so to do. Persons so licensed, to receive from the stamp office numerical books which shall be stamped on every leaf. Commissioners to grant such licences Only on account licensed lottery offices. Penalty On unlicensed persons taking down or publiftung the numbers of tickets drawn, &c. On complaint, the magistrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Persons in the aftttal commission of such offence may be apprehended by any person, and carried before a magistrate, who may jeommit the offender it penalty be not paid. Penalty of 50l. on persons summoned as witnesses not appearing, &c. CommiHi-cmers shall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, wnless it shall appear that the party is able to answer the penalty required by law, and lie shall have deposited a certain number of tickets, &c. Persons to whom licences are granted to give bond agreeably to u Geo. 3. c. 47. At the end of twelve months after the expiration of licences the of may give up bonds or put them in suit. Licences of persons neglecting to deposit or divide into shares 50 tickets to be void; and the defaulters to be published in the gazette, &c. In cases where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void, in such cases licences granted after the commencement of this act shall be void for offence! against this act, or % y Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may he refused to perfow convicted. Twenty pounds penalty on persons continuing on their houses the words Licensed, See. after expiration of their licences, &c. Executors, &c. may be authorised to carry on business for the residue of the term of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other shares than halyes, quarters, eights and sixteenths, on penalty of fifty pounds. Perfoirs counterfeiting shares, &c. guilty of felony. Persons preparing orhavingin their culiody any register or lift of tickets but as in this act particularised; or keeping any place for examining tickets, by any other than such lift, Sec. to forfeit 50l. On complaint on oath of offences 3gainst 47 Geo. 3. c. x. whereby the parties may be liable to punishment as rogues, justices may authorise persons to break open houses, 8cc. Persons discovered in such houses concerned in carrying on illegal transactions, to be punished as rogues, and may be arrested, &c. Persons obiirufting officers may be imprisoned. See. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal transactions to be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Manner in which act ions for penalties shall be commenced- Where the amount of penalties sued for is not inserted in writs, the defendant to be served with a copy of the process, Sec. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not removeable by certiorari. General issue. Treble costs-

CAP. LIII.

An for granting a bounty on the importation of rye, until tie fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred\ — [June 20> 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that encouragement should be give* to the importation of rye into this kingdom, for a limited time: may it thcieforc please your Majesty that it may been acted: aa4 be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

with

i?oo/

1 fish

led co

I'i'.bii

fci

nabc

buntv

liCtlTci

km i bafc II, 4(1

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 53. 619

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and after the parting of this A bounty aft, for rye imported or brought into this kingdom in British ships or vessels, or in ships or vessels belonging to persons of any beforeOft, u kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, however the same iXcc* may be navigated, there shall be paid and allowed the following bounty; (that is to say), Whenever the average price of rye,

ascertained and published in the London Gazette under the authority of any act or acts of parliament, shall be less than sixty-five shillings per quarter, a bounty equal to the difference of stich average price and such rate of sixty-five shillings shall be paid on every quarter of rye which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the first day of October one thouianid eight hundred.

II. And, in order that the bounty shall be governed as near as may County to he

be by the average price of rye at the time of importation, be it en- paid acrord-acted, That such bounty shall be paid upon such rye according to, n£ to the the average price of rye in England and Wales, so ascertained and^7y/piih^ published in the London Gazette in the second week after such rye lifted in tJx shall have been imported. London

III. And be it further enacted, That the said bounty shall be Gazette, under the management of the commissioners of his Majesty's B°unry to be customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid JJ"gement li*" out of any monies in their hands arising by any of the duties or the commis-revenues under their management respectively, to the respective iiontrsof cuf-importers or consignees of such rye: provided always, That atom8*

due entry shall be made with the proper officers of the customs, at the port into which such rye shall be imported: provided aI(o, Entry tp That the collector or other proper officer of the customs of the made at the port where such rye shall be imported, do receive full and satis- Port factory proof, that the rye, for which the bounty herein allowed h claimed, is wholly and entirely without mixture 6f any other that tl4 rye corn or grain, and that in default thereof, the said bounty shall is free from stot be allowed or paid. mixture-

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the bounty No bouirty to granted by this act shall not be paid, allowed, or received, unless he avowed die rye shall be imported or brought into some one or other of his Majesty's ports, (that is to say), Thf ports of London, at certain* Aberystwyth, Barnfaple, Beaumaris, Berwick, Biddeford, Boston, place*. Bridgewater, Bridport, Br'tfol, Cardiff, Cardigan, Carlisle, Carnarvon, Chester, Chichejhr, Ctdchefer, Cowes, Dartmouth, Dover,

Exeter, Falmouth, Fowey, Harwich, Hull, Ipswich, Lancaster, Liverpool, Lyme, Lynn, Malden, Milford, Newcanle, Newhaven, Penzance,

Plymouth, Poole, Portsmouth, P ref on, Kochefer, Sandwich, Scarborough, Skoreham, Southampton, Stockton, Sunderland, Swansea,

Wells, Weymouth, Whitehaven, Whitby, Wisbeach, Tar mouth;

Aberdeen, Ayr, Alloa, Borroufoness, Campbeltown, Dumfries, Dunbar, Port Dttndas, Dundee, Grangemouth, Glasgow, including Port Glasgow, Greenock, including Kirkcaldy, Kirkcudbright, Leith,

Lerwick, Montrose, Perfh, and Wigton.

6io

Rye imported, to be in-fpc&ed by the officers of the customs and two skilful persons, who are to certify whether it h fit for making meal.

ecompence lobe madethe iufpe&ors.

Commissioners ofcuftonas may pay bounty on rye imported

bdorcOtt.is* lSoo, on proof of the vessels having failed at such times, that they might in the ordinary couife of their voyage have ax rived before O&.i.

An^no r£gni quadragesimo Geor&ix III. c. 53. [1800.

V. And be it further enacted, That before any of the rye, 1 Imported or brought into this kingdom for bounty under the regulations of this act, shall be delivered out of the charge of the proper officer or officers of the customa of the port where the same shall be respect'rvely so imported or brought, such rye shall be Carefully and attentively inspected and examined by such officer or officers of the customs as the of of the ctistoms in England and Scotland respectively shall tfiink fit to dire# for that duty, and two indifferent and disinterested persons experienced in the nature of the article to be so inspected and examined; which two indifferent and disinterested persons shall be chosen by the principal officers of the customs at such port, or any two of them, whereof the collector for the time being shall be one; which said officer or officers of the ctistoms so directed by the

fa id of of the customs respectively, and the said two indifferent and disinterested perforrs, so chosen as aforesaid to inspect anc^ examine the said article, shall, upon having viewed the same, certify and declare upon their corporal oaths, first ad-niiniftered by the said principal officers, or any two of them, whereof the colletf or shall he one, (who are hereby authorised and required to admirtifter the lame), whether the said rye is or is riot merchantable tfnd fit for making meal; and if the same shall appear by such certificate to be merchantable and fit for making meal, the bounty granted by this act shall be paid and > allowed thereon; but if the same shall appear by such certificate not to be merchantable or fit for making meal, no bounty granted*by this act shall be paid or allowed thereon.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said indifferent and disinterested persons, so chosen by the said principal officers to inspeef and examine the said goods, shall from time to time be paid by an order of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, in England, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, out of any monies in their hands, arising by any of the duties or revenues under their management respectively, by way of recompence or reward for their trouble in so inspeiiing, examining, and certifying, the sum of one penny per quarter for all rye inspected and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and fq in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any rye shall be so imported or brought from any of the ports or places herein mentioned into any of the respective pom herein also enumerated, subsequent to the time limited by this asst, but before the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, to order the bounty to be paid thereon in like manner as if the same had been imported within the time limited by this act; provided proof shall be made, to the satisfaction of the said of respectively, that the {hips or vessels on board of which such rye shall be so imported or brought, afttially and torn fidi set fail from such

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 54* 621

respective ports or places, for Great Britain, in such time as they might in the ordinary course of their voyage have arrived in Great Britain before the said first day of October one thousand eight hundred; and proof shall also be given, and entry shall be made, and the rye inspected and examined and certified in like manner as is required by this act, to authorise the payment of bounty on the said article imported within the time limited by this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any ship or veffri Vessils arriv-has arrived or shall arrive at: any port in Great Britain, where, at a Port according to the regulation of this act, the bounty is not allowed, ^tvis not the said ship or vessel shall and may lawfully depart from such allowed, may port, without molestation Or hindrance, with the rye on board, full to one and may carry the same to any other port of Great Britain at wh.re it is. which the same may be entered for the bounty, and there enter,

land, and deliver the same, subject nevertheless to each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, and restrictions of this a £t.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue Continuance ih force ttntil the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight ofadt* hundred.

X. Provided always, That any part of this act may be altered, which may be varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this prdent alte.re^ rc" session of parliament/

CAP. LIV.

An act for more effectually charging publick accountants with the say* ment of interest \ for allowing inter ejl to them in certain cases; and for compelling the payment of balances due from them.

[June 20, r8oo.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide more effectually, in certain Preamble cases, for charging publick accountants with the payment of interest upon publick monies received by and due from them: may it therefore please your majesty that it may be enacted; and be it tnaded by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases where any person employed in the Where pub-collection or receipt; of any part of his Majesty's revenues, shall, ick account- from and after the passing of this act, die, or go out of office, being indebted to his Majesty at that time, in respect of his indebted to said office, to the amount of five hundred pounds or upwards, the his Majesty, proper officer or officers to whom it does or may belong by Iaw5°°l* °rup-to ascertain the balance due to his Majesty, and demandable war^erofficer from such person or his lawful representative or representarives, compute shall compute interest, after the rate of five pounds per centum interest on the per annum, upon the whole of such balance, from three months balance, and next after the time of such person going out of office, or from twelve months next after the death of such person (as the case p^efemauve maybe), unto the day of ascertaining such balance \ and the notice of the said amount of

VJVJ T\-

(>2i

Parties think-mgthcmselves aggrieved by charge of interest, may within six months ap*-1y to therourtof exchequer; but no such proceeding shall prevent recovering balances, tx-chifive of interest.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgxi III. c. ^4. '[18do*

said officer or officers shall thereupon forth with catife a notice in writing to be given to such person, or his lawful representative or representatives, or his or their agent, specifying the amount of such balance, and also of such charge for interest; the total amount of which said balance and interestshall and may be Aied for and recovered, by such process, and ih such manner, as any other debt due co his Majesty, together with interest thereon, to be computed in such manner as herein after directed: provided nevertheless, That if such accounting party, or hisrepresentativeor representatives, shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by such charge for interest, it shall and may be lawful for him or them to apply (within (lx months from the receiving such notice), to his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, by motion in open

matter, and allow or disallow the said charge for interest, in the

If the party doe8not apply or the charge for imerelt be allowed by the court, interest upon the interest to be charged for the intermediate period.

Theaggregate amount of the original balance, and of the interest, shall bear interest till paid; and K the ba. lance has been

whole or in port, as to the said court shall feerri just and reason able: provided also, That no such proceeding touching such charge for interest shall prevent or delay the suing for or recover* ing the balance aforesaid, exclusive of such inte-eft, in such manner as the same might heretofore have been lued for or recovered.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said person or persons shall nevertheless neglect to apply within the said period of six months to the said court of exchequer, in manner aforfc-said, or if upon application to the said court the said charge for interest or any part thereof shall he allowed by the said court of exchequer, thereupon the aforesaid officer or officers to whom it does or may belong by.law to ascertain the said original balance, Aall, from and after the expiration of the said period of six months, or upon the determination of the said court (as the case may be), proceed to compute a further sum, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for interest upon the amount of the said charge for interest, or upon so much thereof as shall have been allowed by the said court, from the time when the said balance was so 'ascertained as aforesaid, until the expiration of the said period of six months, (in case no application shall have been made within that time to the said court of exchequer), or until such application shall have been finally disposed of by the said court (as the case may be); which said further sum focom* puted for intermediate interest shall be added to the amount of the said charge for interest, (or so much thereof as shall have been allowed by the said court), and shall together therewith become a debt due to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be sued for1 and recovered accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That the aggregate amount of the said original balance so ascertained as aforesaid, and of the charge for interest thereon, shall' bear interest after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the time when the said balance was so ascertained as aforesaid, until the same shall have been paid by or recovered from the said accounting party* or his lawful representative or represenutbes»and in case the said

balance

hi i iffio

court; which court shall proceed to hear and determine theftid

infer

25;

lf-c

(by

'0)71

'JC

kw

h

fall

titr-

to 2 15 is, = £ ttCo i; crt i'll! liicf

fre.

6al

to!

:n

I'O;

: va

-Cl

I

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 54. 623

balance shall have been paid, then and in that case the aggregate paid, the ag-amount of the said charge for interest, or so much thereof a3 g^gate of the £ha]] have been allowed by the said court, and of the further Ihefiirthei* ° interest thereon, so directed to be computed and added thereto intcreit Diall as aforesaid, shall in like manner bear interest at the rate of five bear interest, pounds per centum per annumy from the expiration of the said period of six months, or determination of the said court of exchequer, until the same shall have been paid by or recovered from the said party or his lawful representative or representatives; the amount of which growing interest shall in either case be deemed a debt due to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon any audit which The commis-shall take place after the passing of this act, of any ordinary or loners forau-extraordinary account, where it shall appear to the of

fot auditing the publick accounts, that any publick accountant whtre an ac-

is indebted to his Majesty, upon the balance thereof, in the sum count^ntowes

of five hundred pounds or upwards, (such account not being an a balance of

account current) it shall and may be lawful for the said commis- a^s°/raup"

sioners, at their discretion, to charge the said accounting party count8 cur-

with interest, upon the whole or any part of the said balance, for reuttxcepted)

such period of time past, and at such rate of interest, as they charge

shall deem to be just and reasonable; so that the said rate of interest do not exceed five pounds per centum per annum; and the ticetobegiven

said of are hereby required, in all cases where they to the party

shall Charge the accounting party with interest as aforesaid, to or his repre-

cause a notice ih writing to be given forthwith to such account- tentative, of, ., r P c.w the amount of

ing party, or his lawful representative or representatives, or his the balance,

or their agent, specifying the amount of such balance, and also and of the in-

of such charge foF interest, and the grounds upon which such terect, and of

charge for interest has been made; and also to set forth the

amount of such charge for interest, together with the grounds it^ and?hafi

thereof, in the said account, when they shall cause the same, state the same

according to the nature thereof, either to be declared by their to the.trea-

own authority, or to be prepared for declaration, or to be stated fury#

to the lords of of his Majesty's treasury for their

confuleration: provided nevertheless, That nothing herein con- The treasury

tained shall prevent or delay the said lords of from

proceeding, and they are hereby required to proceed, to allow apow balances

or disallow the amount of such balance, or any part thereof, of accounts

upon any account so prepared for declaration, or stated to them prepared for

as aforesaid, distinct and apart from the said charge for interest; ^dUna^rom

which said charge for interest they shall and may nevertheless in interest.

such case proceed afterwards to allow or disallow, in the whole

or in part, as they shall think just: and reasonable.

V. And be it further enacted, That after any extraordinary After warrant account shall have been stated to the lords of of his Sranted* to Majesty's treasury, and they shall have granted their warrant to extraordinary prepare the same for declaration, the said of for audit- account for ing the publick accounts shall proceed to compute interest, after declaration, the rate of five pounds per centum per dnnum} upon the amount

VOJL' XIII. Ss C?(r>alp

624

compute intermediate interest from the time of dating the account to Jan. 5, or July5, preceding the declaration, which shall be added to the balance, and interest allowed by the treasury.

When any account (not being an account current) shall be declared, the party shall be charged with further interest upon the.sum due till it is paid or recovered.

Balances af« certainedtobe due from revenue officers, and balances

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 54. [1800.

of the said balance so dated by them as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall have been allowed by the said lords of of his Majesty's treasury, and shall then remain due; and also upon the amount of the said charge for interest so fated as aforesaid, or upon so much thereof as shall have been allowed by the said lords of of his Majesty's treasury, such interest to be computed from the time when the said account was so Rated, until the fifth day of January or the fifth day of July (as the case may be) next preceding the time when the said account of balance or interest (as the case may be) shall bepre-fented for declaration; and the amount of such further interest for the said intermediate period of time shall be added to the amount of the said balance and charge for interest respectively, which shall have been allowed by the said lords of of his Majesty's treasury, and shall therewith form the total sum with which the said accountant shall be charged as due to his Majesty on the said accounts of balance or interest, when the same shall be respectively presented for declaration.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the time when any account, not being an account current, shall be declared, the said party accountant, or his lawful representativeor representatives, shall be charged with interest, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, upon the amount of the sum due upon every account which shall be so declared (whether the same shall be for principal or interest) in manner following; (that is to say). Upon every account declared by the said of for auditing the publick accounts, the said interest shall commence at and be computed from the time of such declaration 5 and upon every ordinary account prepared by them for declaration, the said interest shall commence at and be computed from the time when the same was so prepared 5 and upon every extraordinary account, dated by them to the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, the said interest shall commence at and be computed from the said fifth day of January or fifth day of July (as the case may be) next preceding the time when the said account was presented for declaration; and in each and every of the said cases, the said interest shall grow due and be payable from the periods severally above mentioned, until the said sum shall be paid or recovered by due course of law; the amount of which growing interest shall be deemed a debt due to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and may be recovered in the same manner, and by the same means, as the sum due upon the said declared account; and no accountant shall be deemed-even and quit, according to the course of his Majesty's exchequer, until he shall have fully paid and discharged the amount of such growing interest, together with such sum so declared to be due as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all balances, which before the passing of this act have been ascertained to be due from persons employed in the collection or receipt of any of his Majesty's revenues, and also, the ^balances of all accounts which

before

1S00.

store

iwcou

f his 5

crreco

15; Inn a be

CirsrC

toivb

ITOTD 21

or eco Udcer atf ib

tiia? r v: h in romfi is: the

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 54. 625

before the passing of this act have been declared, according to of accounts the course of his Majesty's exchequer, by the lords of ^l^4irv of his Majesty's treasury, or so much of the said several balances before pairing so ascertained or declared respectively as hath not yet been paid this act and or recovered to and for the use of his Majesty; and so much of not yet paid, any sum now depending before the said lords of as and bilances shall be declared a balance, and shall not have been paid or dif- j1^ ancTnot charged at the time of such declaration, shall severally and respect paid at the tively bear interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, time of decla- from and after the passing of this act until they shall be duly paid or recovered) the amount of which growing interest shall also efHYompaf-" be deemed a debt due to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, sing this act: and shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly. until paid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- No surety to thing herein-before contained shall operate to charge any surety he.<jh

with interest for delay of payment by the principal debtor, except tT^call^dupon from such time only as such surety shall be called upon to answer to aniwtr for for the default of the principal. default of the

IX. And, for the better enabling the said of for auditing principal.

the publick accounts to ascertain what sums of money have been or The commis-tnay be hereofur paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by 3 th» publick accountants, in or towards the discharge of balances which pubLckfac-'" have been or may hereafter be declared to be due to his Majesty, his counts to heirs or successors; be it hereby further enacted, That the said transmit to of shall, within seven days after every declaration of ^che^uer accounts, transmit to the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, a schedule of for the information of the tellers of the said exchequer, a schedule the sums de-or account, specifying the sums declared to be due upon such clared to be declaration of accounts, and the names of the persons from fbec, naa^g of whom the said sums are declared to be due respectively; and the tj^ debtors, said auditor shall, within seven days after the four usual quarterly and he shall days of payment, in every year, transmit to the said commissi- quarterly oners an account of all monies paid into the exchequer, within tran^rTl1^to the the preceding quarter, by or on behalf of the several persons an^ccount6^ whose names have been so transmitted to him as herein-before of the monies directed. paid in by or

X. And be it further enacted, That when any re-payments °" beha!f of shall be made by sub-accountants to the paymaster general of his the Part, e8# Majesty's forces, the treasurer of the navy, the treasurer of the Accounts of ordnance, or to any other principal accountant, of any sums of byPfu^ac-3 money which shall have beeniffued by such principal accountants countants to to the sub-accountants respectively, accounts of such re-pay- principal ac-ments, for the six months preceding, shall be transmitted to the (habb^trans of for auditing publick accounts, on the fifth day of

January and the fifth day of July in every year, by the principal of accountants, and that the principal officers of the ordnance, the for auditing of of his Majesty's navy, the commissioners for accoulus^ victualling his Majesty's navy, and the commissioners for sick half-yearly, and hurt, shall, on the same days, in each year, transmit to the and the prin-said of for auditing the publick. accounts, an account cipal officers

882 forot the ord-

nance, &c.

6i6

/hall transmit to them half-yearly accounts of all imprefts cleared by them. The treasury to allow interest upon sums amounting to 5001. and upwards, ascertained or declared to be due to publick accountants, till the whole be discharged.

The of of customs and excise, for stamps, and for taxes, the poltmaster general, and the principal officers employed in any other branch of the revenue, shall proceed to recover all balances due from persons employed under them.

The commissioners for auditing the publick accounts and the

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 54. [1800.

for the six months preceding* of ail imprefts cleared by them for money issued to any sub-accountants.

XI. And whereas it is just and reasonable that interest should bt allowed to publick accountants for monies advanced by them for the publick service, and remaining due to them upon the balance of their accounts, not being accounts current \ be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, and they are hereby required, to allow and direct interest to be paid, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, upon every sum of money amounting to five hundred pounds and upwards, which hath already been, or hereafter shall be so ascertained or declared as aforesaid, to be due upon the balance of such accounts from the publick to any person or persons whatever; such interest, in respect of fuel) sums as have been already so ascertained or declared as aforesaid, to commence at and be computed from the passing of this act; and in respect of such sums as shall hereafter be so ascertained or declared as aforesaid, to commence at and be computed from the time of the complete delivery of such accounts into the office for auditing the publick accounts, which said interest shall in every case continue to grow due, and be payable in respect of the said prin* cipal sums of money, until the said principal sums and every part thereof shall be fully satisfied and discharged.

XII. And whereas it is expedient to provide more efftfluady for compelling the payment of balances which are or may become due fro* j publick accountants; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the commissioners of the customs and excise in England and Scotland respectively, and the commissioners for stamps, and for the affairs of taxes, and also his Majesty's postmaster general, and the principal officer or officers employed in the collection and management of any other branch of his Majesty's revenue?, shall and they are hereby severally required forthwith to proceed with all due diligence, by legal process or other lawful ways and means, to recover all balances and sums of money which have been ascertained to be due and now remain due to his Majesty from any person or persons heretofore employed in the collcdion or receipt of any of his Majesty's revenues under the management of such several of and officers respectively; and so from time to time, when and so soon as any balance or sum of money shall be ascertained

to be due for principal and interest, or either of them, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from any person dying or going out of office, who now is or shall hereafter be employed in the collection or receipt of any of his Majesty's revenues under the management of such several of and officers respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the said of for auditing the publick accounts, and the auditors of the land revenue of the crown, shall, and they are hereby severally required forthwith to proceed

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 54. 627

with all due diligence, by legal process or other lawful ways auditors of and means, to recover all balances and sums of money which have been heretofore declared to be due to his Majesty, and now proceed tore-remain due, (except balances due on accounts current), and so cover balances from time to time when and so often as any account of the now due, and receipt or expenditure of publick money, which shall have been of ^ub" audited by the said of and auditors above-mentioned, j; ck money shall be declared to be due for principal and interest, or either of audited by them, (except in the case of accounts current), the said commis- them shall be sioners and auditors shall without delay cause the same to be re- ^ue^th^ foal? corded in the offices of his Majesty's remembrancer, of the lord requirethe treasurer's remembrancer, and of the clerk of the pipe; and shall parties to pay thereupon, by notice in writing, require the parties indebted the balances upon inch declared accounts, or their representatives, to pay the^amount of the balances due from them into the receipt of the^three*exchequer within three months from receiving such notice; and months, and in case the said balances shall not be paid, and legal proof of such not paid, payment be not exhibited to the said of andauditors, Recover the within the said three months, they the said commissioners and money. auditors respectively are hereby required to proceed forthwith with all due diligence, by legal process or other lawful ways and means to recover the said balances and sums of money in which the said parties or their representatives stand indebted.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- This act not

thing herein-before contained, shall extend to prevent any charge topreventany of interest on any accountant, on the ground of any special cir- tkc

cumstances on which such accountant might have been charged ground of any with interest if this act had not passed. circurastances

on which it

might have been charged before this act.

XV. Provided also nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Not to That nothing herein contained shall extend to abridge or alter

the rights and powers of his Majesty, his heirs and succestorr, to Majesty to* controul, suspend, or prevent the execution of any process or controul, fuf-proceeding under this act, or otherwise, for recovering such pend, or prebalances or monies, or any part thereof*, but that all such rights the exe-and powers shall remain in full force and eftedf, so far as by law proc^fsfor^re-they now exist; any thing herein-before contained to the con- covering ba-trary notwithstanding. lances, &c.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the lords of The treasury of his Majesty's treasury shall cause to be laid before both houses shall cause to of parliament, within fourteen days after the commencement of p^i^nt every session, a list of the publick accountants, in respect of within 14*whom the execution of any process or proceeding under this days after the ad, or otherwise, for recovering any balances so ascertained or cotnmence-declared to be due from them for principal or interest, or any part thereof, hath been controuled, suspended, or prevented by of publick. the authority of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, within one accountants year preceding the commencement of such session, specifying in in respect of such lift the amount of the balances originally ascertained or de-dared to be due from such persons respectively, and the several process hath 7

s s

sums been con-

628' Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 55.

[1800, trouled, fuf- sums stil] remaining due from them, and the causes for which rL* execution of such process or proceeding has been controuled,

prcVcIUvU Oy r r < i

authority of Impended, or prevented, his Majesty within the preceding year.

CAP. LV.

An act to amend so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament > for the augmentation of the salaries of the judges of the courts - in Westminster Hall, and also of the lords of fefft: n, lords commisswners of judiciary, and barons of exchequer in Scotland, as relates to the salaries of the judges of the courts ofsession, juficiarj, and exchequer in Scotland.

[June 20, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

39 Geo. 3. c. no.

The salaries herein specified, to be paid to the judges of the courts of session, justiciary, and exchequer, out of those revenues which were appropriated for supporting

courts, by the acts of 7 and so Anne.

Salaries to be payable quarterly.

WHEREAS doubts have arisen upon the constructm of an obi, made in the last bffwn of parliament, intituled An act for the augmentation of the salaries of the judges" in the courts in Westminster Hall\ and also of the lords of felTion, lords of of judiciary, and barons of exchequer in Scotland \ and for enabling his Majesty to grant annuities topersons in certain offices in the said courts of IVcfin.infer Hall, on their resignation of their respective offices; so far as relates to the lord presidetit of the court of session, the lord chief baron, the lord justice clerk, the lords of session, lords of of justiciary, and barons of exchequer in Scotland; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the*lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the pasting of this act, there shall be issued, paid, and applied in every year, out of the monies that shall arise from any of the duties and revenues in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which, by several adk made in the seventh and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the payment of the fees, salaries, and other charges allowed, or to be allowed by her Majesty, her heirs or successors, for keeping up the courts of session, justiciary, and exchequer in Scotland, to the judges after mentioned, so much money as will make up their respective salaries to the annual sums herein after mentioned; videlicet, To the lord president of the court of session three thousand pounds; to each of the other lords of session, who is not lord justice clerk, or a lord commissioner of justiciary, one thousand two hundred pounds 5 to the lord justice clerk, two thousand four hundred pounds; to each of the other lords of session, who are lords of of justiciary, one thousand seven hundred pounds; to the lord chief baron of the court of e^hequer, three thousand pounds; and to each of the other barons of the court of exchequer, one thousand two hundred pounds; which said Aims of money, to be issued in pursuance of this act, shall from time to time, from thenceforth, be payable and paid quarterly, clear from all taxes and deductions whatever; the first payment to be made on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred*

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 56. 629

CAP. LVI.

An act for relief of persons entitled to entailed efiates to he purchased with trust monies.

[June 20, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by the practice of courts of equity, in cases in which

money under the controul of such courts is subject to be laid out in the purchase of lands, to be limited to uses capable of being barred by fine, the fatacourts dir eft such money to be paid to the party or parties who could by fine bar the uses to which such lands, in case the same had been purchased^ would have been limited^ and do not require or compel the actual investment of such monies in the purchase of lands, notwithstanding other persons might take efiates or interests therein, if the same were purchased^ and be entitled to hold such efiates or interefis until such fine was actually levied: and whereas neverthe-/(/}, where money under the controul of the said courts is subject to be invefied in the purchase of lands, to be limited to uses not capable of being barred by fine, but capable of being barred by recovery, the said courts, according to the practice thereof refuse to dire ft the same to be paid to the party or parties who, in case such lands had been purchased, could by recovery have barred all the uses to which the same would have beeA limited, and require and compel the actual investment of such monies in a purchase or purchases of some lands $ and such lafi mentioned practice is attended with great inconvenience and expence to the party or parties who by a recovery could bar the uses to which such lands are to be limited when purchased^ and the interefi and benefit of others\ who might take efiates barrable by such recovery when suffere f is not according to such lafi mentioned practice materially promoted or securedy and it may therefore be expedient to alter such practice: and whereas it may also be expedient to provide some satisfactory and summary proceedings whereby trustees possessed of money subject to be laid out in lands, may be required in proper cases to pay such money to the parties entitled, and under this act to become entitled to receive the same: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Where mo-aft, in all cases where money, under the controul of any court hc

of equity, or of or to which any individuals as trustees are pof- chancery? sessed or entitled, shall be subject to be invested in the purchase &c. shall be of freehold or copyhold hereditaments, or both, to be settled subject to be upon any person or persons in such manner that it would be r

competent in case such money had been invested in the purchase premises, tobe of real estates, for the person or persons who would be the tenant settled in such or tenants of the first estate or estates tail therein, either alone or manner that together, with the person or persons who would be the owner orlt would he owners of the particular preceding estate or estates therein, ifbalTestates ° any, by deed, fine, or common recovery, or any of them, or tail and re-other lawful aft, in the case of freehold hereditaments, or by mainders, it surrender and recovery, or either of them, or other lawful aft, in the case of copyhold hereditaments, to bar the first estate or £Jh 0

S S4 £statCS on«y M-

630 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 57, 58. [1800.

tually invert- estates tail, and the rights and intercrts of all persons in remain- ! cour^of chan^r' lt not necc^ary 10 haye such money actually inverted eery, oi/peti- m ^anc's or hereditaments, in order that such estates tail and tion of the remainders over may be so barred; but that it shall and maybe parties, may lawful to and for the high court of chancery, or such court of Glone ^to'be ecJu^y un<^er t^le controul of which such money shall be, and in patcUo them, ca^e of trustccs* to at*d fc>r she said high court of chancery, or applied as' in a summary way, upon petition of the person or persons who they shall ap- \vould be tenant or tenants of the first estate or first estates tail, point. and of person or persons who would be the owner or owners

of the antecedent particular estate or estates, if any, in the lands and hereditaments in case the same were purchased, such petitioners being adults, and in case where any of the parties are or is femes covert or a same covert, they, (he, or they being first separately examined in court, or upon a commission, and consenting, to order the monies subjccied to fuc h trusts to be paid to the petitioners or any of them, or to be paid and applied in such manner and for such purposes as the petitioners shall appoint and the court shall approve of such^onc^ And it further enabled, That in all cases where monies j

may trans- subjected to be laid out in the purchase of hereditaments to be ferred under fetrled as aforesaid, shall happen to be inverted in government or an order of real or other securities, all such securities shall, for the purposes the court of Of th; s avc^ Considered as money, ai: d shall and may accord-eery, c. ingly be transferred, artigned, and disposed of, under an order j of the respective courts aforesaid, made in a summary way upon the petition of such persons, and with such examination and con-, sent, where necessary, as aforesaid, in such and the same manner

as monies subjected to be laid out in thje pu'chafe of hereditaments, to be settled as aforesaid, are herein-before authorised to be paid, applied, and disposed of.

CAP. LVII.

An act for enabling the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland to advance so the lord provoll and magistrates of the city of Edinburgh, for the purpose of computing the improvements of the harbour of Leith, a certain sum, being part of the money which by an act of the last session of parliament was directed to be paid into the fud court of exchequer by the proprietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation.

[June 20, 1800.]

CAP. LVIII.

An act for further continuing and amending an act, made in the hfl session of parliament, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exjwr* tation and permit the importation of corn \ and for allowing the importation of other articles of provifm without payment of duty.

- [June 30, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the thirty-ninth year of the 39 Geo. 3. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enabling c. 87, recited, his Majesty to prohibit the exportation and permit the importation of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles

1

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 59, 631

of provision without payment of duty, to continue in force until six weeks from the commencement of the next session of parliament: which act was further continued by an at1 passed in the second Jeff on of the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, until the thirtieth day of September one thousand eight hundred: and whereas it is expedient that the said act should be further continued for a limited time:, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and further and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament alfern-continued till bled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall the^com- be, and the same is hereby further continued until the expiration mencement of of forty days after the commencement of the next session of the next fef-parliament. lion-

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Corn, &c. corn or other articles as aforesaid shall be imported into this kingdom subsequent to the period fixed by any order in council tr^ although" made in pursuance of the said act for the importation of com imported and other articles as aforesaid free of duty, such corn or other subsequent articles shall be admitted to an entry in like manner as if they had arrived before the expiration of the said period; provided ^erincoun-proof shall be made to the satisfaction of the lords of his Majesty's cii, proof most honourable privy council, that the ship or veflil on board being made of which respectively such corn or other articles shall be so im- fhat the vessel ported, did actually and bond side set fail for Great Britain, at C

such time that they might in the ordinary course of their voyage the t'me of have arrived in Great Britain before the expiration of the said her failing, period. might have

n a t> t tv arrived before

L, A r. La A. the said pe-

An act to remove doubts arising from the construction of an act, made ri°d* in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled,

An act for permitting certain goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof. —

[June 30, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirty-ninth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for permitting 39 Geo. \ % certain goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, c. 59* and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof; some of the duties for or in respect of certain goods imported fro?n the East Indies, by the united company of merchants trading to the East Indies, are repealed, and certain new and additional duties of cufoms are tmposed for and in respect of such goods: and whereas doubts may arise whether the duties of excise by the laws in force immediately before the passing of the said act, imposed for or in respect of spirits, wine, gtafs> cocoa nuts, and coffee, respectively imported by the said united company from the East Inaie9, are not by the said recited act repealed; be it declared and enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

The duties of excise on spirits, wine, glass, cocoa nuts, and coffee, imported by the Bast India company, not repealed or altered by the recited act.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 6o.

[1800.

same, That neither the said act of the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, nor any clause, matter, or thing therein contained, was intended to extend, nor did nor doth extend, nor shall be deemed or construed to extend, or to have extended, to repeal or alter any or either of the duties of excise which were by any or either of the Jaws in force immediately before the passing of the said act of the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, imposed for or in respect of spirits, wine, glass, cocoa nuts, and coffee respectively, or any or either of them, imported by the said united company from the East Indies $ and that all and Angular the duties of excise which were imposed by any or either of the laws in force immediately before the passing of the said act of the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, for or in respect of spirits, wine, glass, cocoa nuts, and coffee respectively, of any or either of them, imported by the said united company from the East Indies since the passing of the said act of the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, remained and continued, and still remain and continue in force, as the same respectively were immediately before the making of the said last mentioned act; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary in anywise not*

withstanding

CAP. LX.

An act to lessen the duties on wine and spirits the produce of the British settlement of the Cape of Good Hope; and to empower the importers to land the same before payment of the duties of excisef and to lodge the same in warehouses; and to allow the same to be flipped free of duty as Jlores, to be consumed on board merchants flips on their voyages.

[June 30, 1860.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the castle^ Jown^ and settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, with the territories and dependencies thereof are now in the possession of his Majesty; and for the encouragement of the trade and commerce to and from the same> it is expedient to lessen the duties payable on the importation of wine and spirits, the produce of the said jeltlement> or the territories or dependencies thereof and to make such provisions as are herein after mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the From July 5, authority of the same, That no wine of the.produce of the Pritish tSoo, wine of settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the territories or depen-Goc^lfoe ^enc*es thereof, and which, from and after the fifth day of July imported into one thousand eight hundred, shall-be imported into the kingdom Great Britain, of Great Britain, shall be subject or liable to any greater or to be liable to higher duty or duties, but the same shall be subject and liable to ties^and the ^ame or duties as are by law imposed for or in respect

lame draw- of Portugal wine imported into this kingdom; and upon the ex-back to be portation of any such wine, of the produce of the said settlement, allowed on territories, or dependencies, and for or in respect whereof the as^Portu^al* duties by this act directed shall have been paid, and which shall wine^ 61 be exported, as merchandise to any port or place beyond theseas,

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 60. 633

there Hull be paid and allowed the same or the like drawback and drawbacks as are by law directed to be paid or allowed for or in respect of Portugal wine exported from Great Britain as merchandize to such port or place, any acfts or act of parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the duties by this act pay- A drawback able for or in respect of wine of the produce of the said settlement °ftj, e duties of the Cape of Good Hope, or the territories or dependencies there- vdne for^of, shall be allowed for or in respect of such wine intended for tj, e coufump* the use of admirals, captains, or other commissioned officers tion of naval employed in his Majesty's service, for their actual consumpnon officers on on board such of his Majesty's ships as they shall respectively ^gY4m!tted serve, in like manner and under the like provisions, conditions, by 33 Geo. 3. and restrictions, as a drawback of the former duties paid on the c. 4.8. and importation of wines into Great Britain are directed to be allowed 35 Geo. 3. by an act passed in the thirtyrthird year of the reign of his pre- c*I0#

sent Majesty, intituled An act to allow the drawback of the duties of tufloms and exeije upon wines consumed by admirals, cat) tains, and other commissioned officers on board ships of war in actual service, and to allow such ships to be supplied with tobacco duty free; or by another act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign aforesaid, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on foreign wines and fiueets.

III. And be it further enacted, That no spirits of the produce Spirits of the

of the said settlement, territories, or dependencies, and which 9aPe to^shall, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand eight duties hundred, be imported directly from thence into this kingdom, on importa-shall he subject or liable to any greater or higher duty or duties tion, and the of customs or excise, but the same shall be subject and liable to same draw-the same or the like duties of customs and excise, as are or shall ^owedon^x-be by law imposed for or in respect of rum or spirits of the portation, as growth, produce, and manufacture of the British sugar plantations spirits of the in the West Indies, imported into this kingdom directly from the British West said sugar plantations 5 and upon the exportation of any such, pIanU*

spirits of the produce of the said settlement, territories, or de-

pendencies, and for or in respect whereof the duties of customs

by this act directed shall have been paid, and which shall be exported as merchandize to foreign parts, there shall be paid and allowed a drawback of such customs duty, any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the duties of excise by a°d the duties this act directed for or in respect of spirits imported directly from ^hereon^ni-the said settlement, territories, or dependencies, may be bonded be^nded^in and secured, and shall be paid and payable in such manner only, the same

and under such regulations and restrictions as the duties of excise manner, imposed for or in respect of spirits, being of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the British sugar plantations in the West Indies may be now bonded and secured, and are by law paid and payable.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the rules, Regulation! regulations, restrictions, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, rSI(n*'

of the British

634 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 60. [1800.

West India which in or by any act or acts of parliament now in force, are Laapp?iedSto0 conra'ne^' provided, settled, or established, for or in respect of spirits from the importing rum or spirits of the growth, produce, and manu- the Cape* failure of the British sugar plantations in the West Indies, or landing the same before payment of the duties of excise, or lodging or securing the same in warehouses for that purpose provided, upon the proprietor or importer giving bond as therein required; and all and singular the fines, penalties, and forfeitures for or in respect thereof shall be used, applied, practised, and put in execution for or in respect of spirits imported directly from the said settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the territories or dependencies thereof, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if all and every the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

and the duties

VI. And be it further enacted, That the duties of excise and on afipphig customs by this act directed for or in respect of spirits imported thereof to be from she said settlement, territories, or dependencies, shall be consumed^in allowed on the shipping thereof as (lores, to be spent and con-voyages as for fumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the seas, in the spirits*0 ia ^ame manner as t^e said duties imposed for or in respect of rum 1 ' or spirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the British

sugar plantations in the iVefl Indies, imported into this kingdom directly from the said sugar plantations, are by law directed to be allowed.

Wine and

VII. And be it further enacted, That all wine and spirits of Ca^cori C produce of the said settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or demned as the territories or dependencies thereof, which shall be taken and prize and condemned as prize, and sold by the caprofs or their agents, taken out of an(j taken out of any warehouse, wherein the same shall have houtefor been secured, to be confirmed in this kingdom, in pursuance of home con- an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present fumption to Majesty, intituled An act for the relief of the captdrs of prizes, with be subject to respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom, th fetTb Cthis" fabjeft and liable to the duties of customs and excise by

y this act imposed, or directed to be paid for or in respect of wine or spirits respectively the produce of the said settlement, territories, or dependencies, imported; and such duties shall be paid and payable by such persons, and in such manner as the former duties, by the said act of the thirty-third year aforesaid imposed, are payable by law.

Tke duties

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the duties of customs CUKi°mdrt PayaWe under or by virtue of this act, for or in respect of wine thwaft and Cr°r faints respectively, the produce of the said settlement of the the drawbacks Cape of Good Hope, or the territories or dependencies thereof, allowed to be shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, an-PanaSed as fwered, and paid in such and the like manner, and in or by any arnTdraw^8 or ^dier of the means, ways, or methods by which the former backs, &c. duties of customs for or in respect of such wines and spirits respectively were or ought to be managed, ascertained, raised, levied,

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 60. 635

collected, answered, and paid; and the drawbacks of customs payable or allowable under or by virtue of this act, for or in respect of any such wine or spirits respectively, exported as merchandize, shall be paid or allowed in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means, ways, or methods by which the former drawbacks of the customs for and in respect of such wines or spirits respectively exported as merchandize, were or ought to be paid or allowed; and that all such wine and spirits respectively, for or in respect whereof any duty of customs is by this act imposed or made payable, or for or in respect whereof any drawback of customs is by this act directed to be paid or allowed, shall be, and such wine and spirits respectively are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, and forfeitures respectively to which goods, wares, or merchandize in general were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred, respecting the revenue of customs \ and all and every fine, penalty, or forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for any offence whatever committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several powers, directions, clauses, matters, and things therein contained (unless where expressly altered by this act), shall and the same are hereby respectively directed and declared to extend to, and the same shall respectively be applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the several duties of customs by this act imposed or directed to be paid, and drawbacks of duties of customs by this act granted, or directed to be paid or allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, condi-ditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, powers, directions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures respectively, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.*

IX. And be it further enacted, That such of the duties of Duties to be customs as shall arise, or become payable in that part of Great under the Britain called England, under or by virtue of this act, for or in respect of wine or spirits respectively, the produce of the said missioners of settlement of the Cape of Good Hopg, or the territories or depen- customs and dencies thereof, shall be under the management of the commis- e.xc, fc respectsioners of the customs in England for the time being, and such tive thereof as shall arise or become payable in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the time being; and that such of the duties of excise as shall arise or become payable in that part of Great Britain called England., under or by virtue of this act, for or in respect of wine or spirits respectively the produce of the said settlement, or the territories or dependencies thereof, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise ia England for the time being, and fud) thereof

636

The duties of excise and drawbacks to be subject to the regulations relpe cling wines and spirits.

li Car. a.

c. 14. and all other acts relating to the excite, to extend to this act.

Duties under this act howto be applied.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 60. [1800.

as shall arise or become payable in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said duties of excise respectively shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, under and subject to the rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, (except where any alteration therein is expressly made by this act), fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which, in or by any act or acts of parliament in force at the time of passing this act, are contained, provided, settled, or established for or in respect of any of the duties on foreign wine and spirits respectively, or for detecting or punishing frauds relating thereto, and the drawbacks of excise by this act directed to be paid or allowed for or in respect of any such wine, shall be paid and allowed, under and subject to the rules, regulations, restrictions and provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which, in or by any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act, are contained, provided, settled, or established, for or in respect of the allowance or payment of the excise drawbacks of the duties on wines; and the said rules, regulations, restrictions, a*id provisions, shall, and the same respectively are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and effect, and shall be used, applied, and pat in execution for the purposes of such duties and drawbacks of excise as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the said rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which, in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and bj knights service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieie thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided or established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than and in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are made and prescribed by this act), shall be used, practised, and put in execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the duties of excise by this act imposed or directed to be paid, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several duties by this act imposed or directed to be paid, shall be appropriated and applied in like manner as the duties respectively by this act repealed or lessened were, by the former laws relating the reto

respect

Ifc

reff

this

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 61, 62. 637

respectively in force immediately before the commencement of this act, appropriated and applied.

CAP. LJfT.

An act to revive and continue, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and one* such part of an act, made in the present ft 1 lion of Parliament, for reducing the duties upon fpiiits distilled from inclines or sugar, or any mixture therewith, and for oth*r purposes, as relates to the duties on wort or wadi brewed or made from melasses or sugar. — -[June 30, 1800.]

So much of aft 40 Geo. 3. c. 8. as relates to the duties on wort or wnlh made from mclafles or sugar or to any distillfcr of spirits shall from June 1,

1800, be revived and continued until July x, 1801.

CAP. LXII.

An act to allow, for nine months after the passing of the act, the use of sugar in the brewing of beer.

[June 30, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by several acts now in force, common brewers or

retailers of beer or ale are prohibited from using sugar in the brewing or making of beer or ale: and whereas it is expedient to allow the use of sugar in the brewing or making of beer or ale for a limited time: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for the space of Common nine months, from and after the pading of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such common brewer or retailer of for

beer or ale, to make use of sugar in the brewing or making of njne months, any guile, or brewing of beer, ale, or worts; any thing in any make use of act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary in any wise [u£ar.1, 1 notwithstanding. brewmS5

II. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act contained but shall not'shall extend, or be deemed or confirmed to extend, to allow any of°

common brewer or rerailer of beer or ale to make use of any mjatfes; or melasses in the brewing or making of beer or ale; or any sugar, any sugar ex-except in the state in which the same shall have been imported cept in the into this kingdom, and without the same having been previously ^, orted* diluted with water or other liquor, or undergone any process or 1 manufacture to alter the same: provided also, That no such nor unless brewer or retailer, or brewers or retailers, shall be at liberty, or be allowed or permitted to make use of any sugar in the brewing jrjven to the or making of beer, ale, or worts, unless he, she, or they shall Jxcise officer have given to the officer of excise, under whose survey he, she, of the time or they shall then be, twenty-four hours previous notice of his, and the1^ her, or their intention so to make use of such sugar, and specify- wei^-ht of ing in such notice the exact hour and time of his, her, or their fug^r to be beginning to brew or make such guile, or brewing of beer, ale, uicd. or worts, and the weight of the sugar to be made use of in the brewing or making of such fjuile.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any common brewer If any corner retailer of beer or ale shall, after the passing of this act, make T1011 brewer,

1 r o r See. make use

uie of<aify other

Vjv

63S

than brown or muscovado fu^ar, or

take into his poIlelTion more than lolb. of melasses, honey, &c. he fh.ili forfeit aool.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 63. [1800.

use of any mehfles, sugar, honey, syrup, composition, or extra# of sugar, except brown or muscovado sugar made use or in the manner herein-before allowed, or if any common brewer shall receive or take into his, her, or their custody or possession, any quantity of melasses, honey, syrup, composition, or extra# of sugar, exceeding ten pounds weight, every such brewer and retailer shall forfeit and Jose for every such offence respectively the sum of two hundred pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at WestmirJlery or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

if:

CAP. LXIII.

An act for repealing part of the duties and drawbacks of customs cn kid skins imported, and the exemption of imported kid/kins from excift duty on being dressed in Great Britain.

[June 30, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

From Aug. 1, iSoo, 8s 4d. part of the duty of customs on kid skins imposed by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. and is. 9d. p*rt of the drawback allowed thereon, shall ceaie.

WHEREAS by an at7 made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, among other things^for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof certain duties of citfoms and excise are imposedfor and in respect of kid skins in the hair imported into or tawed in Great Britain, except such kid f ins as paid the full duty on the itnportatim thereof; and by the said act a certain drawback of the said duty of customs is directed to be paid and allowed on the exportation of such kid skins imported: and whereas it is expedient to repeal a part of the said duty -of customs and a certain part o f the said drawback, and to repeal the exemption of the duties of excise on the said kidJkins 5 be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of Augufltm thousand eight hundred, eight shillings and four-pence, part of the said duty of customs imposed by the said act of the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, together with the sum of two shillings and nine-pence, part of the said drawback of customs granted or allowed by the said act, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in ali cases relating to the recovering, paying, or allowing any arrears thereof, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which, shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said first day of August one thousand eight hundred.

] iter hi j 'j

3 c

;, t2

i: r,;

c1)

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 64 — 66. 639

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said From Aug. r, first day of August one thousand eight hundred, the said recited exception in the said act of the twenty-seventh year of the reign duty of aforesaid shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and from and excise on kid after the said first day of August one thousand eight hundred, all skinsrepealed; kid skin$ imported shall, on being tawed in Great Britain, beand^that subject and liable to the same duty of excise as is by the said act porteTshall imposed for or in respect of such Icid skins tawed in Great Britain, he subjects: to as did not fall within the said recited exception; anything in the: same duty any act or acts of parliament to the contrary in any wise not- as ^clted With (landing. atVonkid'ikin9

CAP. LXIV. tawed in Great

An act for permitting the free importation of linseed cakes and cakes in neutral ships.

[June 30, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an aR, passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majestfs reign, intituled An act for allowing the im- 36 Geo. 3. porration of arrow root from the British) plantations, and also of c- ll3* linseed cakes and rape cakes from any foreign country, in Bri-fr/6-built ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to law; without payment of duty, it is cnaRed, That it shall be lawful to import into Great Britain, in any British ship or vessel> linseed cakes and rape cakes without payment of duty: and whereas it is expedient further to facilitate the importation of the said articles, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Linseed and ad, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and raPc cakes four, it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain in ^rtedVnany any ship or vessel whatsoever belonging to the subject or subjects neutral vessel, of any sovereign or state in amity with his Majesty, linseed cakes duty free, till and rape cakes without payment of duty, in the same manner, Jan* x* x8o*> and subject to the same rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are^ provided in the said act respecting linseed cakes and rape cakes imported in any British ship or vessel.

CAP. trXV.

An act to continue, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, several acts relating to the ad million of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and to the issuing of orders inxouncil for that purpose.

[June 30, j8oo*]

Acts 35 Geo. 3. c. 15. 35 Geo. 3. c. So. and 36 Geo. 3. c. 76. continued until Jan. ?, 1804.

CAP. LXVI.

An act to repeal so much of an aRy pa fed in the second year of King James the First, as prohibit? the use of horse hides in making boots and Jboes: and for better preventing the damaging of raw hides and skins in the flaying thereof — [June 30, 1800.]

You XLu. Tt W^U^ogle

640

[Preamble.]

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 66. [iS<Jo.

WHEREAS by reason of the skill and improvement of the tan-

1 Jnc. 1. c. 4z. and

recited.

tiers, curriers, and other persons concerned in the vmufaRur* ing and dr effing of leather, many hides formerly supposed unfit to be ufid in the making of boots and shoes are now become useful therein; end it is therefore expedient that so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his majesty King James the First, intituled An ail concerning tanners, curriers, shoemakers, and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather, as prohibits cordwaitiers and jhoemakn from putting into any shoes, boots, buskins, fart ops, flippers, or pan* testes, any leather made of horse hide, should be repealed: and whereas it has been found, that the provisions of the said recited act, and act of another act passed in the ninth year of the reign of her rnjijly $ Annae, c. n, Queen Anne, intituled An Act for laying certain duties upon hides and skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon vellum and parchment, for the term of thirty-two years, for prosecuting the war, and other her Majesty's most necessary occasions, so far as relates to preventing the gashing, cutting, andflawing of hides and skins in the flaying thereof, have been inefftftual to enforce the good purpefts thereby intended, in consequence of which great Losses arift to the dealers in lea tlx r, and a great thereof e in the price thereof to the publick: and whereas it is become necessary that so much of the said recited acts as relate to the prevention of the cutting and gashing of hides and skins in the flaying thereof should be repealed, and that other and more effectual provisions should be made instead thereof: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con lent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

So much of fit fc recited act aa orohi

bits the ute of same, That, from and after the passing of this act, so much of

horse hide fojj first recited act as prohibits any cordwainer or shoemaker

'fc

lU from Putt'ng into any part of any shoes, boots, bufleins, startops, the recited acts flippers, or pantosses, any part of any horse hide, and also so much as relates to of the said recited acts as relates to the preventing the gashing pshing ot an(j cutting of hides and skins in the flaying thereof, shall be and mics, icpea - t^e same are respectively hereby repealed.

Mayors, &c. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

to- appo-nt mayor, bailiff, or other head officer of every city, town corporate,

proper places borough, or market town, having any such head officer, or any cummin two or more ju^ces or magistrates having juris-

r iw^hi !rs?ng didiion to keep the peace within and afling for any city, liberty, an.i proper town corporate, borough, or market town, where there shall be Prions to be no such head officer as aforesaid; and in cities, liberties, towns inspectors. corporate, boroughs, and market towns, where there are not two such magistrates, then aby two or more such justices of the peace a6\ing for any division of any county, riding, shire, or stewartry, within or nearest to which any such city, borough, or market town shall be situate, shall, and be and they is and are hereby respectively empowered and required within three months after the passing of this act, to choose and appoint some proper and convenient place or places for the examining and inspeding all the raw hides and skins of all oxen, bulls, cows, heifers, (leers, or ftirks, calyes, hogs, or pigs, (beep, lambs, horte, mares or

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 66. 641

geldings, kilied, slaughtered, or flayed within such city, town corporate, borough, or market town, or within such distance thereof as shall be ascertained and fixed by the person or persons choosing and appointing such place or places as aforesaid, so as that such difiance shall, in no case, exceed three miles, nor be less than two miles from any such city, town corporate, borough, or market town; and such person or persons as aforesaid shall also appoint proper and convenient days and hours for the inspection of hides and skins in such place or places so appointed as aforesaid; and shall cause ootice thereof, and of the distance from such city, town corporate, borough, or market town, to which the jurisdiction of the inspector or inspectors, appointed in pursuance of this act to examine and mark raw hides and skins in any place or places so appointed as aforesaid, shall extend, to be put up in legible characters, and in some conspicuous part of the place or places so appointed as aforesaid; and the person or persons appointing such place or places as aforesaid shall also at the time of fixing and appointing such place or places as aforesaid, or as loon after as the same can be done, and annually in each year, or oftener if necessary, appoint some person or persons of competent skill to be inspector or inspectors of hides and skins within such city, liberty, borough, or market town, or the respective difiridts thereof; and also from time to time to appoint any other inspector or inspectors to supply any vacancy that may arise by death, removal, or otherwise, of any such inspector or inspectors.

III. Provided always, That if any fix or more, or in case of any difference of opinion of the majority of the tanners, curriers^ of leather fhait or other persons manufacturing of leather, not being journeymen recommend to or apprentices or persons working with or for any mafier currier, the persons or manufacturer of leather for hire, and who shall be then residing and carrying on such trade or manufacture within such city, tpectors, two liberty, borough, or market town, or the district thereof respect proper pa'-tively, and who shall have respectively delivered in writing their sons to be ap-respefjtive names and places of abode, and occupations in such on^i^speftor6 minufacture of leather as aforesaid, shall recommend, in writing, (halbbe necef-to the person or persons author!fed by this act to appoint inspectors fary, or four of raw hides and skins, two persons proper to be appointed in- where two spectors in every place where one inspector shall be necessary, or four persons proper to be appointed inspectors as aforesaid, oneor'two where t\Vo inspectors shall be requisite, then one or two of such of them, as persons so recommended, as the case may require, and no other, the case may shall be appointed to be such inspector or inspectors as aforesaid, provided that two or more partners in trade shall be considered aPPoin as one person only in the recommendation of such inspector or inspectors: provided also, That when any complaint shall be made on c?I°P^in^ by any person or persons interested or dealing in any raw hides

or skins, in any such place or places appointed for the inspection any inspector, thereof as aforesaid, of any misconduct or neglect of duty in any he may be dif-such inspector as aforesaid, and due proof thereof shall be made to char|ed and the satisfaction of the person or persons authorised by this act to po°ntee<[ appoint inspectors of raw hides and skins for the city, town cor- room,

Jf any person fli 1)), 'after A"? 3, i$co, wmffily or carelt-l vly; n* jure any hi le Vo as to ren.hr it less valuable for making ltather, iyc and full &e convicted thereof, he ili II pay certain penalties.

Inspectors to t\ke roe following

oath.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 66. [1800.

porate, borough, or market town, "Tor which such inspector as aforesaid shall act, then and in every such case, it shall be lawful for such person or persons so authorised as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorised and required to discharge such inspector from the execution of his office, and to appoint another inspector in like manner as herein-before directed to rupp!y the vacancy occasioned by such removal as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any butcher or other ner so or his or her servant, shall, after the first day of August one thou fund eight hundred, wilfully, negligently, or carelessly cut or flaw or gulh tl; e hi ie or (kin of any ox, bull, cow, heifer, strer, or ftirk, or of any horse, mare, colt, or gelding, or of any calf, hog, p g, sheep, or lamb, so as to occasion any injury to the same, or render it less useful and valuable for the purpose of making leather, or shall flay any hide of any ox, bull, cow, heifer, fleer, ftirk, or calf below the knee or gambrel, and shall thereof be convicted before any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, city, or town where such hide or (kin shall be found, upon the oath of any inspector or in(pe<3ors of raw hides or skins appointed under this act, or any other witness or witnesses, he or she shall forfeit and pay for every hide or (kin so cut, flawed, or gashed, and for every hide of every ox, bull, cow, heifer, fleer, fliik, or calf so flayed below the knee or gambrel as aforesaid, the several and respective fines and penalties following: (that is to say), A sum not exceeding ten shillings and not less than one shilling, for the raw hide or (kin of every ox, bull, cow, heifer, fleer, or ftirk, so wilfully or negligently cut, gafhtd, or flawed in the flaying thereof, or that shall be so flayed below the knee or gambrel as aforesaid: a sum not exceeding five shillings nor less than sixpence, for the hide or (kin of every calf lo negligently or wilfully cut, gaftied, or flawed in the flaying thereof, or that shall be so flayed or taken off below the knee or gambrel as aforesaid: a sum not exceeding five shillings nor less than one shilling, for the hide or (kin of every horse, mare, or gelding; and a sum not exceeding sixpence and not less than thice-pence, for the hide or (kin of every hog, pig, sheep, or lamb, which shall be so wilfully, or negligently, or carelessly damaged by cuts, gashes, or flaws in the flaying thereof as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed an inspector of hides and skins under this act shall, before he shall begin to execute his said office, take an oath, duly and faithfully to execute the same, which oath the person or persons appointing such inspector is and are hereby authorised to administer, and which oath (hah be in the words following; that is to say,

4 T 15, do swear, That I will faithfully and diligently execute

JL the office of inspector of hides and skins, according to the true intent and meaning of an a#, passed in the fortieth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, Ana

[Htrt

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 66. 643

[Here set forth the title of the without favour or affeftian, 1

prejudice or malice, to any person whomsoever.

So help me GOD.'

And every such inspector shall, with all due care, examine and Inspectors to mark in manner by this act* directed, all raw hides and skins flayed within the district for which he shall be inspector as afore- ]l5^es an(j to said; and every such inspector shall be entitled to demand and be entitled to take for the examining and marking of the several and respect! ve certain tees, forts of raw hides and skins examined and marked by him in pursuance of this act, the several and respective sums following;

(that is to say). For the hide of every ox, bull, cow, heifer,

steer, or ftirk, horse, mare, or gelding, the sum of one penny; and for every calf, hog, or pig skin, the sum of one halfpenny; and for every sheep or lamb (kin, the sum of one farthing; and any p^son if any person, to whom any such raw hide or (kin shall belong as aforesaid, or any other person for him, or any other person or m; lv^any raw persons whomsoever, other than such inspector or inspectors as hide he shall aforesaid, or some person or persons authoriseiby him or them forfeit aol. in that behalf, shall (lamp or mark any raw (kin or hide with any stamp or mark usually the ft amp or mark of any such inspector, he or she shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Inspectors. such inspector or inspectors as aforesaid, upon the examining and mrx>, mP 'fe inspecting of any raw hide or (kin that shall have been damaged

in the flaying thereof, to impose such penalty for the wilful, care- h?df of the less, or negligent cutting, galhing, or flawing, of such hide or highest im-(kin, or for the flaying of any hide, contrary to the provisions of PVe.d by this this act, not exceeding one half of the highest amount of any f* re penalty imposed by this act, in respect of any such damage as ihWvcutting shall in the opinion of such inspector or inspectors be just and of hides wi*h-reasonable, according to the date of such raw hide or skin, with- out their being out having such penalty adjudged by any magistrate or justice of J'y H

the peace in pursuance of the provisions of this act, subject never- to [j, e

thcless to the determination of any arbitrators summoned in deccr.nina-pursuance of this act, in case the person or persons to whom such tion ot ar'°i-hide or (kin shall belong, or any person or persons on his, her, or trators* their behalf, shall difpr.te the payment of such penalty, and give notice in writing of his, her, or their determination of having^ such difference of opinion or dispute determined by such arbitrators as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, That in every case where any such inspec- If an mfpfc-toror inspectors as aforesaid shall deem any such person or persons for (hah deem liable to any higher amount of penalty, in respect of the damage

done to any such hide or (kin, than such half amount as afore- tLnYuch half said, then and in every such case, such inspector or inspectors amount, he shall proceed for the recovery thereof by information before any shall proceed magistrate or justice of the peace, in manner by this act directed.

VIII. Provided also, That the whole penalty imposed by any formation he-fi; ch inspector or inspectors as aforesaid, in respect of any fufti fore a ma^if-

T T 3

644 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 66/ [1800.

Penalty to be damaged hide or (kin, and also the whole penalty that shall be nfrpector who ^judged by any magistrate or justice of the peace, upon the in-flMllimpofeor formation of any inspector or inspectors who shall have deemed inform for it. it necessary to inform for the same, in manner herein-before mentioned, shall go and be paid to the inspector or inspectors, who shall impose or inform for any such penalties respectively as aforesaid.

Inspectors to

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such inspector of provide raw hides and skins appointed under this act, shall provide two Ramps for different and distinct stamps or marks, the one thereof (that is a^herem eS to % )* The letter S. to denote good and perfect raw hides and directed. skins, and the other thereof, (that is to say) The letter I), to denote damaged hides or skins; with the first of which stamps or marks he shall (lamp or mark on or near the tail, every raw hide or (kin that is not damaged in the flaying thereof, and with the latter of which stamps or marks he shall (lamp or mark on one of the fore (hanks every raw hide or (kin that is damaged in the flaying thereof, upon being paid the penalty by this act imposed for the wilful, careless, or negligent, cutting, gashing, or flawing of any hide or (kin in the flaying thereof, or for the If penalty or fl3yi0g of any hide, contrary to the provisions of this act; and fne hides be*anf P^00 or Pef(ons to whom any such damaged hide or skin not paid, the shall belong, shall refuse to pay the penalty by this act imposed inspector may for cutting, ga(hing, or flawing of raw hides or skins in the seize and fell flaying thereof, or for any hide not allowed by this act to be notice be C*aYec^ below the gambrel or knee, that shall be (b flayed as afore-given of hav- iaid, or shall refuse or neglect to pay the several sums of money fng the matter herein-before allowed to be taken for inspecting, examining, and marking, any raw hides or skins, it shall be lawful for the ia* arbitrators. spe&or or jnipeftors who shall examine any such hide or (kin, or for any other inspector or inspectors, forthwith to seize any such raw hide or (kin as aforesaid, and unless such penalty shall be paid in less than forty-eight hours after such seizure so made as aforesaid, or unless notice shall be given by the person or persons to whom such hide or (kin shall belong, or any person on his, her, or their behalf, of his, her, or their intention of having such hide or (kin produced, and the dispute thereon decided by arbitrators* to be appointed in pursuance of this act, it shall be lawful for such inspector or inspectors to fell or cause to be sold the same, and to retain the penalty by this act imposed as aforesaid, and every reasonable expence incurred therein, and the'overplus (if any such there be) shall be returned to the person or persons to whom such raw hide or (kin shall have belonged as aforesaid.

From August X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

1, x8oo, if any cf August one thousand eight hundred, if any butcher

any or otIier Person residing in any city, town corporate, borough, or

vhere an in- market town, or within the district thereof, for which an inspec-speotor has for or inspectors shall have been appointed as aforesaid, shall

been yopoint- wilfully neglect or omit to bring any raw hide or (kin belonging bring 10 or her of any ox, bull, cow, heifer, fleer, or dirk, boric, 5 mare,

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 66. 645

mare, or gelding, calf, hog, pig, sheep, or lamb, by this act an? nw hicJe required to be stamped or marked, to some place appointed in pursuance of this act, in such city, town corporate, borough, or mirkerl, or market town, for the examining and mfpcdling raw hides and shall remove lkins, within the hours prescribed for that purpose; or if any therefrom any butcher or other person shall remove or take* away from such have been1101 place, any such raw hide or (kin that shall have been flayed marked, he within any city, town corporate, borough, or market town, or shall be liable within any district belonging thereto, for the purposes of this to penally, act, within or for which any such inspector or inspectors shall have been appointed under this act as aforesaid, that shall not have been examined and marked by some inspector of raw hides and skins appointed under th's act, or by some perst.> aithorised by him, and approved by any magistrate of the distr: \»r which such inspector shall be appointed; every such butche r nr other person shall forfeit and pay a sum pot exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, for every such raw hide or skin so neglected or omitted to be brought to such place appointed for the inspection thereof as aforesaid, and within the hours prescribed for that purpose, or so removed or taken away before such hide or (kin shall have been stamped or marked as aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, That if any such butcher, or other per- If any person son or persons as aforesaid, shall give notice in writing to the &, ve, 1f>* inspector or inspectors of such city, town corporate, borough, or market town, of his or her intention of carrying his or her raw intention to hides or skins to any other place where any inspector or inspec- cairy his r.iw tors shall be appointed under this act, for any period not less hides to any than one calendar month, following the date of such notice; f^r hub S': then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for such butcher, or jor nol other person or persons as aforesaid, to carry such raw hides or than a month, skins to any such other place as aforesaid, during the period men- Ile do tioned in such notice, for the purpose of having the same hides or skins examined and marked in pursuance of this aeft, and from time to time to renew such notice for any further period, not less than one calendar month as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any difference In c*fe of of opinion or dispute shall arise between any butcher or other d^spy^ whe-person or persons, and any inspector or inspectors, whether any in-

hide or (kin has been injured in the flaying thereof, or rendered juredTthe maids useful and valuable for the purpose of leather, within the in- 'pirate shall tent and meaning of this aeft, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any magistrate or justice of the peace, before whom the

such difference or dispute shall be brought by any such inspector working of or inspectors, or butcher or other person or persons as aforesaid, leather/three and he is hereby authorised, empowered, and required within forty-eight hours to summon any five impartial and lefpe&able finely the persons, who shall be engaged or concerned in the working or same, manufacturing of leather, to whom, or to any three or more of such persons so summoned as aforesaid, such difference or dispute shall be referred, and who are hereby authorised and required to jiear and finally determine the same within the space of twenty^. 1

Such persons to take an oath to do equal jui tic e.

The p3rty against whom the decision Jli.ill be given to pay all ex-peaces.

Persons summoned and

not attending to forfeit 403.

Application

penalties.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 66. [1800.

four hours; and before any such person so fumijioned (halt aSio 3

hearing or determining any such dispute, he shall take an oath f

before such magistrate or justice of the peace as aforesaid, (which t

oath the said magistrate or justice of the peace is hereby empow- t,

ered tp administer), that he will do equal justice between the (

parties concerned in such difference or dispute, and such magis-.f£ irate or justice of the peace shall cause the raw hide or (kin, or raw hides or skins whereon such difference or dispute shall arise, j n to be produced to such persons as aforesaid, and such difference or d; fpute to be heard before them; and the decision of such persons, or the major part of them thereon, shall be binding and 0,

conclusive on all the parties interested in such difference or dif- j

pute, and the party or parties against whom such decision shall t;

be giver) shall be liable to and pay the costs of summoning, and attendance of such persons before-mentioned, and all incidental fc expences incurred thereby, to be settled, ascertained, and allowed by the magistrate or justice of the peace who shall summon such n persons as aforesaid. 1

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person who shall be duly summoned upon any such difference or dispute as aforesaid, shall nevertheless refuse or neglect to attend at the time and v

place mentioned in such summons, unless he shall give such reason for his non-attendance as may be deemed satisfactory by the t

magistrate or justice of the peace summoning such jury, he shall j t forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of forty shilling?, I j,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and for- 1 r

feitures inffufted and imposed by this act, and not otherwise dif- j

posed of, shall go and be distributed in manner following; (ihtt j ( is to say), One half of every such penalty or forfeiture shall go J j and be paid to the person who shall inform against, and prosecute, to conviction, every such offender or offenders as aforesaid; and the other half thereof shall go and be applied for the better carrying into execution the purposes of this act, either in rewarding, with any proportion thereof, any inspector or inspectors of raw hides and skins, afling in the district within which any such penalties shall have been incurred, or in the paying any such charges or expences as have arisen in establishing any such place or places for the inspection of raw hides and skins as aforesaid, or for any purpose relating to the care, improvement, or continuing of any such place or places, in such proportion, and in such ways, and towards such of the said last mentioned purposes, as the person or persons appointing any such place or places, to whom such last mentioned moiety, when recovered, shall be paid for the purposes herein mentioned, shall, with the appro- 4 bation and consent of any fix or more, or in case of any difference of opinion of the majority of the persons dealing in the manufactory of leather, (not being journeymen or apprentices, or persons working with or for any master currier or manufacturer of leather j for hire), who shall deliver their opinions in writing to such person or persons in manner herein-before directed with respect to the recommendation of any inspector or inspectors, dircA;

and

647

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 66.

and if any person or persons, to whom any such moiety* of any fetch penalties or forfeitures shall be paid for the purposes aforesaid, shall jnifappjy such monies, or neglect or refuse to apply the same to the purposes of this act, in manner herein-before directed, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit double the sum so retained or misapplied as aforesaid, to be sued for, recovered, and applied as any penalty, by this act imposed, may be sued for, recovered, and applied.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein con- Ad not to tained shall extend or be construed to extend to thecities of London

or Westminster, or the borough of Southwark, or any of the Cer am imiuS* liberties thereof, or to any place or places within fifteen miles of the Royal Exchange of the said city of London.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every penalty and Recovery of forfeiture imposed by this act shall and may be recoverable before penalties, any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county,

riding, or division, or any magistrate or magistrates of any city, town corporate, borough, liberty, or jurisdicton or place where the offence shall be committed, upon conviction or confession of the party, or on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, and such penalty and forfeiture shall be levied by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals of such justice or justices, magistrate or magistrates, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons so offending, and in case such distress cannot be fejund, and such penalty and for- feiture and the said costs and charges shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and maybe lawful for such justice or justices, magistrate or magistrates, a«d he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol or house of correction of the county or place where the offence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding one month, until the said penalty and forfeiture, and costs and charges, Anil respectively be sooner paid and satisfied.

XVII. Provided always, That in case any person or persons Persons ag-fh all find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of grieved by any any such justice or justices, magistrate or magistrates, in any case judgement, where the penalty adjudged shall exceed the sum of ten shillings, nalty exceeds* then he or they shall or may upon giving security to the amount IOS# may

of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such appeal to the

costs as shall be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed, Suarter k*

appeal to the justices at the next general or quarter sessions ofllons*

the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town,

or place as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered finally to hear

and determine the same, and in case the judgement of such justice or justices shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices

at their general or quarter sessions as aforesaid, to award the person or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as

to them shall seem meet-, and no such judgement or conviction

shall be removeable by Certiorari into any court whatsoever.

648 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800.

Information

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That any information for any

for ofoiKe^to0ffence committed against this a<$ shall be laid before one or

three day^ m more justice or justices of the peace, magistrate or magistrates,

after com- within three days after the said offence has been committed, and

nutted. that otherwise such information shall be of no effect.

Convictions

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such conviction

may Ik made before one or more justice or justices, may be made in tfye form m^the follow- f0lJ0w; ng. to w'lt>

form. < T)E it remembered, That on the day of

JD in the year A.B. was, upon the complaint of

C' D., convicted befote of the justices of the peace for the said county of or, for the riding or diviGon of the said county of or % for the said city, liberty, distri<ft, or

town of (as the case shall happen to be); in pursuance of

an act passed in the fortieth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for (or, as the case may beJ. Given under hand and seal, the day and year above written.*

---

[Conviction to be filed.]

Which conviction shall be certified to, the next general quarter sessions, there to be filed amongst the records of the county, riding, or division.

[Publick act.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, and all other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for the union of Great Britain and Ireland.

[July 2, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS in pursuance of his Majesty's most gracious Recommendation to the two Houses of Parliament in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, to consider of such Measures as might best tend to strengthen and consolidate the Connection between the two Kingdoms, the two Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain and the two Houses of the Parliament of Ireland have severally agreed and resolved, that, in order to promote and secure the essential Interests of Great Britain and Ireland, and to consolidate the Strength, Power, and Resources of the British Empire, it will be advisable to concur in such Measures as may best tend to unite the two Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland into one Kingdom, in such Manner, and on such Terms and Conditions, as may be established by the Acts of the respective Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland.

[The parliaments of England and Ireland have agreed upon the articles following:]

And whereas, in furtherance of the said resolution, both houses of the said two parliaments respectively have likewise agreed upon certain articles for effectuating and establishing the said purposes, in the tenor following:

ARTICLE FIRST.

[That Great Britain and]

That it be the first article of the union of the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, that the said kingdoms of Great Britain

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. 649

[Ireland shall, upon Jan. 1, 1801, be united into one kingdom; and that the titles appertaining to the crown, &c. shall be such as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint.]

and Ireland shall, upon the first Day of January which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, and for ever after, be united into one Kingdom, by the Name of The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Royal Stile and Titles appertaining to the Imperial Crown of the said United Kingdom and its Dependencies, and also the Ensigns, Armorial Flags and Banners thereof, shall be such as his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, shall be pleased to appoint.

ARTICLE SECOND.

[That the succession to the crown shall continue limited and settled as at present.]

That it be the second Article of Union, that the Succession to the Imperial Crown of the said United Kingdom, and of the Dominions thereunto belonging, shall continue limited and settled in the same Manner as the Succession to the Imperial Crown of the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland now stands limited and settled, according to the existing Laws, and to the Terms of Union between England and Scotland.

ARTICLE THIRD.

[That the united kingdom be represented in one parliament.]

That it be the third Article of Union, that the said United Kingdom be represented in one and the same Parliament, to be stiled The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

ARTICLE FOURTH.

---

[That the number of lords spiritual and temporal, and of commoners, herein specified, shall sit and vote on the part of Ireland in the parliament of the united kingdom.]

That it be the fourth Article of Union, that four Lords Spiritual of Ireland by Rotation of Sessions, and twenty-eight Lords Temporal of Ireland, elected for Life by the Peers of Ireland, shall be the Number to sit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Lords of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; and one hundred Commoners (two for each County of Ireland, two for the City of Dublin, two for the City of Cork, one for the University of Trinity College, and one for each of the thirty-one most considerable Cities, Towns, and Boroughs), be the Number to sit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom:

[That such act as shall be passed in Ireland to regulate the mode of summoning and returning the lords and commoners to serve in the parliament of the united kingdom, shall be considered as part of the treaty of union.]

That such Act as shall be passed in the Parliament of Ireland previous to the Union, to regulate the Mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said Parliament, shall be considered as forming Part of the Treaty of Union, and shall be incorporated in the Acts of the respective Parliaments by which the said Union shall be ratified and established:

[That all questions touching the rotation or election of lords of Ireland to sit in]

That all questions touching the rotation or election of lords spiritual or temporal of Ireland to sit in the parliament of the united kingdom, shall be decided by the house of lords thereof; and whenever, by reason of an equality of votes in the election of

650 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800.

[the united parliament shall be decided by the house of lords thereof.]

any such lords temporal, a complete election shall not be made according to the true intent of this article, the names of those peers for whom such equality of votes shall be so given, shall be written on pieces of paper of a similar form, and shall be put into a glass, by the clerk of the parliaments at the table of the house of lords, whilst the house is sitting; and the peer or peers, whose name or names shall be first drawn out by the clerk of the parliaments, shall be deemed the peer or peers elected, as the case may be:

[That any peer of Ireland may be elected to serve in the house of commons of the united kingdom, unless previously elected to sit in the house of lords, but shall not be entitled to the privilege of peerage, &c.]

That any Person holding any Peerage of Ireland now subsisting, or hereafter to be created, shall not thereby be disqualified from being elected to serve if he shall so think fit, or from serving or continuing to serve, if he shall so think fit, for any County, City, or Borough of Great Britain, in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, unless he shall have been previously elected as above, to sit in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom; but that so long as such Peer of Ireland shall so continue to be a Member of the House of Commons, he shall not be entitled to the Privilege of Peerage, nor be capable of being elected to serve as a Peer on the Part of Ireland, or of voting at any such Election; and that he shall be liable to be sued, indicted, proceeded against, and tried as a Commoner, for any Offence with which he may be charged:

[His Majesty may create peers, and make promotions in the peerage of Ireland after the union, under certain regulations.]

That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to create Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and to make Promotions in the Peerage thereof after the Union; provided that no new Creation of any such Peers shall take place after the Union until three of the Peerages of Ireland, which shall have been existing at the Time of the Union, shall have become extinct; and upon such Extinction of three Peerages, that it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to create one Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and in like Manner so often as three Peerages of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall become extinct, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to create one other Peer of the said Part of the United Kingdom; and if it shall happen that the Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall, by Extinction of Peerages or otherwise, be reduced to the Number of One Hundred, exclusive of all such Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, as shall hold any Peerage of Great Britain subsisting at the Time of the Union, or of the United Kingdom created since the Union, by which such Peers shall be entitled to an Hereditary Seat in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, then and in that Case it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to create one Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland as often as any one of such One Hundred Peerages shall fail by Extinction, or as often as any one Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall become entitled, by Descent or Creation, to an Hereditary Seat in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom; it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Article, that at all times

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. 651

after the Union it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to keep up the Peerage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland to the Number of one hundred, over and above the Number of such of the said Peers as shall be entitled, by Descent or Creation, to an Hereditary Seat in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom:

[Peerages in abeyance to be deemed existing peerages, and no peerage to be deemed extinct but on default of claim for a year after the death of the late possessor.]

That if any Peerage shall at any Time be in Abeyance, such Peerage shall be deemed and taken as an existing Peerage; and no Peerage shall be deemed extinct, unless on Default of Claimants to the Inheritance of such Peerage for the Space of one Year from the Death of the Person who shall have been last possessed thereof; and if no Claim shall be made to the Inheritance of such Peerage, in such Form and Manner as may from Time to Time be prescribed by the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, before the Expiration of the said Period of a Year, then and in that Case such Peerage shall be deemed extinct;

[If a claim be after that period made and allowed, and a new creation shall have taken place in the interval, no new right of creation shall accrue to his Majesty on the next extinction of a peerage.]

provided that nothing herein shall exclude any Person from afterwards putting in a Claim to the Peerage so deemed extinct; and if such Claim shall be allowed as valid, by Judgment of the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, reported to his Majesty, such Peerage shall be considered as revived; and in case any new Creation of a Peerage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall have taken place in the Interval, in consequence of the supposed Extinction of such Peerage, then no new Right of Creation shall accrue to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in consequence of the next Extinction which shall take place of any Peerage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland:

[Questions touching the election of members to sit in the house of commons of the united kingdom on the part fo Ireland shall be decided as questions touching such elections in Great Britain;]

That all Questions touching the Election of Members to sit on the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom shall be heard and decided in the same Manner as Questions touching such Elections in Great Britain now are, or at any Time hereafter shall by Law be heard and decided; subject nevertheless to such particular Regulations in respect of Ireland, as, from local Circumstances, the Parliament of the United Kingdom may from Time to Time deem expedient:

[and their qualifications in respect of property shall be the same as in England.]

That the Qualifications in respect of Property of the Members elected on the Part of Ireland to sit in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, shall be respectively the same as are now provided by Law in the Case of Elections for Counties and Cities and Boroughs respectively in that Part of Great Britain called England, unless any other Provision shall hereafter be made in that respect by Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom:

[When his Majesty shall declare his pleasure for holding a parliament of the united kingdom, a]

That when his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall declare his, her, or their Pleasure for holding the first or any subsequent Parliament of the United Kingdom, a Proclamation shall issue, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to cause the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, who are to serve in the Parliament thereof on the Part of Ireland, to be retuned in such

652 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800.

[proclamation shall issue to cause the lords and commons, who are to serve on the part of Ireland, to be returned as shall be provided by any act of the present session in Ireland.]

manner as by any Act of this present Session of the Parliament of Ireland shall be provided; and that the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons of Great Britain shall, together with the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons so returned as aforesaid on the Part of Ireland, constitute the two Houses of the Parliament of the United Kingdom:

[If his Majesty, on or before Jan. 1, 1801, shall declare it is expedient that the present parliament of Great Britain should be the members of the respective houses of the first parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Great Britain, they and the lords and commons returned on the part of Ireland may continue to sit so long as the present parliament of Great Britain may; but until an act shall have passed in the united parliament, providing in what cases persons holding offices of profit under the crown in Ireland, shall be incapable of sitting in the houe of commons of the united kingdom, no more than 20 shall sit therein; and if more than that number be returned, the seats or places of such as shall have accepted such offices shall be vacated, so as to reduce them to 20. The lords and commons of the united parliament shall take the oaths, &c. as enjoined to be taken by the lords and commons of the British parliament.]

That if his Majesty, on or before the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, on which Day the Union is to take place, shall declare, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, that it is expedient that the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain; then the said Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain shall accordingly be the Members of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain; and they, together with the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, so summoned and returned as above on the Part of Ireland, shall be the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom; and such first Parliament may (in that Case) if not sooner dissolved, continue to sit so long as the present Parliament of Great Britain may now by Law continue to sit, if not sooner dissolved: Provided always, That until an Act shall have passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, providing in what Cases Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, no greater Number of Members than twenty, holding such Offices or Places as aforesaid, shall be capable of sitting in the said House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; and if such a Number of Members shall be returned to serve in the said House as to make the whole Number of Members of the said House holding such Offices or Places as aforesaid more than twenty, then and in such Case the Seats or Places of such Members as shall have last accepted such Offices or Places shall be vacated, at the Option of such Members, so as to reduce the Number of Members holding such Offices or Places to the Number of twenty; and no Person holding any such Office or Place shall be capable of being elected or of sitting in the said House, while there are twenty Persons holding such Offices or Places sitting in the said House; and that every one of the Lords of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and every Member of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, in the first and all succeeding Parliaments, shall, until the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall otherwise provide, take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and take and subscribe the Oath now by Law enjoined to be taken, made, and subscribed by the Lords and Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain:

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. 653

[The lords of parliament on the part of Ireland shall have the same privileges as the lords on the part of Great Britain, and all lords spiritual of Ireland shall have rank next after the lords spiritual of the same rank of Great Britain, and shall enjoy the same privileges, (except those depending upon sitting in the house of lords), and the temporal peers of Ireland shall have rank next after the peers of the like rank in Great Britain at the time of the Union; and all peerages of Ireland and of the united kingdom created after the union, shall have rank according to creation; and all peerages of Great Britain and of Ireland shall, in all other respects, be considered as peerages of the united kingdom, and the peers of Ireland shall enjoy the same privileges, except those depending upon sitting in the house of lords.]

That the Lords of Parliament on the Part of Ireland, in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, shall at all Times have the same Privileges of Parliament which shall belong to the Lords of Parliament on the Part of Great Britain; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal respectively on the Part of Ireland shall at all Times have the same Rights in respect of their sitting and voting upon the Trial of Peers, as the Lords Spiritual and Temporal respectively on the Part of Great Britain; and that all Lords Spiritual of Ireland shall have Rank and Precedency next and immediately after the Lords Spiritual of the same Rank and Degree of Great Britain, and shall enjoy all Privileges as fully as the Lords Spiritual of Great Britain do now or may hereafter enjoy the same (the Right and Privilege of sitting in the House of Lords, and the Privileges depending thereon, and particularly the Right of sitting on the Trial of Peers, excepted); and that the Persons holding any temporal Peerages of Ireland, existing at the Time of the Union, shall, from and after the Union, have Rank and Precedency next and immediately after all the Persons holding Peerage of the like Orders and Degrees in Great Britain, subsisting at the Time of the Union; and that all Peerages of Ireland created after the Union shall have Rank and Precedency with the Peerages of the United Kingdom, so created, according to the Dates of their Creations: and that all Peerages both of Great Britain and Ireland, now subsisting or hereafter to be created, shall in all other Respects, from the Date of the Union, be considered as Peerages of the United Kingdom; and that the Peers of Ireland shall, as Peers of the United Kingdom, be sued and tried as Peers, except as aforesaid, and shall enjoy all Privileges of Peers as fully as the Peers of Great Britain; the Right and Privilege of sitting in the House of Lords, and the Privileges depending thereon, and the Right of sitting on the Time of Peers, only excepted:

ARTICLE FIFTH.

[The Churches of England and Ireland to be united into one protestant episcopal church, and the doctrine of the church of Scotland to remain as now established.]

That it be the Fifth Article of Union, That the Churches of England and Ireland, as now by Law established, be united into one Protestant Episcopal Church, to be called, The United Church of England and Ireland; and that the Doctrine, Worship, Discipline, and Government of the said United Church shall be, and shall remain in full force for ever, as the same are now by Law established for the Church of England; and that the Continuance and Preservation of the said United Church, as the established Church of England and Ireland, shall be deemed and taken to be an essential and fundamental Part of the Union; and that in like Manner the Doctrine, Worship, Discipline, and Government of the Church of Scotland, shall remain and be preserved as the same are now established by Law, and by the Acts for the Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland.

654 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800.

ARTICLE SIXTH.

[The subjects of Great Britain and Ireland shall be on the same footing in respect of trade and navigation, and in all treaties with foreign powers the subjects of Ireland shall have the same privileges as British subjects.]

That it be the Sixth Article of Union, That his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain and Ireland shall, from and after the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, be entitled to the same Privileges, and be on the same Footing, as to Encouragements and Bounties on the like Articles being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country respectively, and generally in respect of Trade and Navigation in all Ports and Places in the United Kingdom and its Dependencies; and that in all Treaties made by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with any Foreign Power, his Majesty's Subjects of Ireland shall have the same Privileges, and be on the same Footing as his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain:

[From January 1, 1801, all prohibitions and bounties on the export of articles the produce or manufacture of either country to the other shall cease.]

That, from the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, all Prohibitions and Bounties on the Export of Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country, to the other, shall cease and determine; and that the said Articles shall thenceforth be exported from one Country to the other, without Duty or Bounty on such Export:

[All articles the produce or manufacture of either country, not herein after enumerated as subject to specific duties, shall be imported into each country from the other, duty free, other than the countervailing duties in the schedule No. 1. or to such as shall hereafter be imposed by the united parliament; and for 20 years from the union, the articles in schedule No. 2. shall be subject, on importation into each country, to the duties in the said schedule; and old and new drapery shall pay, on importation into each country, the duty now payable on importation into Ireland; salt, hops, and coals, on importation into Ireland, not exceeding the present duties.]

That all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country, (not herein after enumerated as subject to specific Duties) shall from thenceforth be imported into each Country from the other, free from Duty, other than such Countervailing Duties on the several Articles enumerated in the Schedule Number One A. and B. hereunto annexed, as are therein specified, or to such other Countervailing Duties as shall hereafter be imposed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Manner herein after provided; and that, for the Period of twenty Years from the Union, the Articles enumerated in the Schedule Number Two hereunto annexed, shall be subject, on Importation into each Country from the other, to the Duties specified in the said Schedule Number Two; and the Woollen Manufactures, known by the Names of Old and New Drapery, shall pay, on Importation into each Country from the other, the Duties now payable on Importation into Ireland: Salt and Hops, on Importation into Ireland from Great Britain, Duties not exceeding those which are now paid on Importation into Ireland; and Coals, on Importation into Ireland from Great Britain, shall be subject to Burthens not exceeding those to which they are now subject:

[Callicoes and muslins on importation into either country shall]

That Callicoes and Muslins shall, on their Importation into either Country from the other, be subject and liable to the Duties now payable on the same on the Importation thereof from Great Britain into Ireland, until the fifth Day of January one thousand

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. 655

[be subject to the duties now payable on the importation thereof from Great Britain into Ireland, till January 5, 1808, which shall then be annually reduced so as to stand at 10 per cent. from January 5, 1816, until January 5, 1821: cotton yarn and twist shall, on importation into either country, be subject to the duties now payable on Importation from Great Britain into Ireland, until January 5, 1808, and shall then be annually reduced, so as that all duties shall cease from January 5, 1816.]

eight hundred and eight; and from and after the said Day, the said Duties shall be annually reduced, by equal Proportions as near as may be in each Year, so as that the said Duties shall stand at ten per centum from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and sixteen, until the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one: and that Cotton Yarn and Cotton Twist shall, on their Importation into either Country from the other, be subject and liable to the Duties now payable upon the same on the Importation thereof from Great Britain into Ireland, until the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and eight; and from and after the said Day, the said Duties shall be annually reduced, by equal Proportions as near as may be in each Year, so as that all Duties shall cease on the said Articles from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and sixteen:

[Articles of the produce or manufacture of either country, subject so internal duty, or to duty on the materials, may be subjected on importation into each country to countervailing duties, and upon their export a drawback of the duty shall be allowed.]

That any Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country, which are or may be subject to Internal Duty, or to Duty on the Materials of which they are composed, may be made subject, on their Importation into each Country respectively from the other, to such Countervailing Duty as shall appear to be just and reasonable in respect of such Internal Duty or Duties on the Materials; and that for the said Purposes the Articles specified in the said Schedule Number One, A. and B. shall be subject to the Duties set forth therein, liable to be taken off, diminished, or increased, in the Manner herein specified; and that upon the Export of the said Articles from each Country to the other respectively, a Drawback shall be given equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty payable on such Articles on the Import thereof into the same Country from the other; and that in like Manner in future it shall be competent to the United Parliament to impose any new or additional Countervailing Duties, or to take off or diminish such existing Countervailing Duties as may appear, on like Principles, to be just and reasonable in respect of any future or additional Internal Duty on any Article of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country, or of any new or additional Duty on any Materials of which such Article may be composed, or of any Abatement of Duty on the same; and that when any such new or additional Countervailing Duty shall be so imposed on the Import of any Article into either Country from the other, a Drawback, equal in Amount to such Countervailing Duty, shall be given in like Manner on the Export of every such Article respectively from the same Country to the other:

[Articles of the produce or manufacture of either country when exported through the other, shall be subject to the same charges as if exported directly from the country of which they were the produce or manufacture.]

That all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country, when exported through the other, shall in all Cases be exported subject to the same Charges as if they had been exported directly from the Country of which they were the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture:

656 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800.

[Duty on the import of foreign or colonial goods into either country shall be drawn back, or if any be retained shall be credited to the country to which exported, so long as the expenditure of the united kingdom shall be defrayed by proportional contributions: act not to take away any duty, bounty, or prohibition with respect to corn, &c. which may be regulated as the united parliament shall deem expedient.]

That all Duty charged on the Import of Foreign or Colonial Goods into either Country shall, on their Export to the other, be either drawn back, or the Amount, (if any be retained,) shall be placed to the Credit of the Country to which they shall be so exported, so long as the Expenditure of the United Kingdom shall be defrayed by proportional Contributions: Provided always, That nothing herein shall extend to take away any Duty, Bounty, or Prohibition, which exists with respect to Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, or Biscuit; but that all Duties, Bounties, or Prohibitions, on the said Articles, may be regulated, varied, or repealed, from Time to Time, as the United Parliament shall deem expedient.

SCHEDULE, Number One.

Of the articles to be charged with countervailing duties upon importation from Ireland into Great Britain, and from Great Britain into Ireland, respectively, according to the sixth article of union.

A.

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland.

---

ARTICLES.

Custoras.

Excise,

BEER. — For every barrel conGfting of thirty-six galions, English beer measur, of Irish beer, ale, or mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the importer thereof

BRICKS and TILES. — For every thousand of Irish bricks For every thousand of Irish plain tiles For every thousand of Irish pan or ridge tiles For every hundred of Irish paving tiles, not exceeding ten inches square For every hundred of Irish paving tiles exceeding ten inches square For every thousand of Irish tiles, other than such as are herein-before enumerated and described, by whatsoever name or names such tiles are or may be called or known -

x. d-

jr. s. l

8 -

- 5-

- 4 10 7- 12 10

5

- 4 10

4 10 CANDLES. —

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67.

ARTICLES. Custoras. Excise.

CANDLES. — For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish candles of tallow, and other candles whatsoever (except wax and (permaceti)

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish candles, which may be made of wax or spermaceti, of which are usually called or fold either for wax or spermaceti, notwithstanding the mixture of any other ingredient therewith CHOCOLATE, tdV. — For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish cocoa, cocoa paste, or chocolate CORDAGE; videlicet. — To be used as stariding rigging or other cordage made from topt hemp, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight Of any other fort, cable yarn, packthread, and twine, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight -CYDER and PERRY. — For every hogf-head, confiding of sixty-three gallons English wine measure, of Irish cyder and perry, which shall be imported as*merchandize or for Tale, and which shall be sent or consigned to any factor or agent to sell or dispose of -GLASS. — For every square foot superficial measure of Irish plate glass For every hundred weight of Irish flint enamel, stained, paste, or phial glass For every hundred weight of Irish spread window glass, commonly called Broad Glass For every hundred weight of Irish window glass (not being spread glass) whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the name of Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass For every hundred weight of vessels made use of in chemical laboratories, and of garden elasses, and of all other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, manufactured in Ireland, common bottles excepted - For every hundred weight of any fort or species of Irish glass, not herein-before enumerated or described Bottles of common green glass, the dozen quarts -

£ '

4 10 3

4 4 4

£ s. d

- 1

- 3

- 2 —

- 19 2

- 22 236

- 8 1

199

- 4

2 2 —

- 9

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800.

ARTICLES. Customs. Excise.

HOPS, — For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish hops LEATHER, unmanufactured. — For every pound weight avoirdupois of hides, of what kind Soever, and of calf skins, kip6, hog skins, dog skins, and seal skins, tanned in Ireland, and of (beep skins and lamb skins so tanned for gloves and bazils, which shall Be imported in the whole hide or (kin, and neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever - For every dozen of goat skins tanned in Ireland to resemble Spanish leather For every dozen of sheep skins tanned in Ireland for roans, being after the nature of Spanish leather - For every ppund weight avoirdupois of all other hides or skins not herein-before enumerated and described, and of all pieces and parts of hides or skins which shall be tanned in Inland For all hides of horses, mares, and geldings, which shall be dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise rawed in Ireland, for each and every such hide -

£. s. d. £. u L

- itt

For all hides of fleers, cows, or any other hides of what kind soever (those of horses, mares, and geldings eacepted) which shall be dressed in auum and salt, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland\ for each and every such hide For every pound weight avoirdupois of all calf skins, kips, and seal skins, which shall be (3 dressed in allum and salt, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, in the whole (kin, neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever.- For every dozen of (link calf skins which shall be so dressed in allum and salt, or meal, or otherwise tawed with the hair on, in Ireland -

For every dozen of (link calf skins which shall be so dressed in allum and salt, or meal, or otherwise tawed without hair, in Ireland, and for every dozen of dog skins and kid skins, which shall be

dressed in allum and salt, or meal* or otherwise tawed in Ireland For every pound weight avoirdupois of buck and doe skins, which shall be dressed, ih allum and salt, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and which shall be imported in the whole skin, and neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever - For every dozen of goat skins and beaver skins, which shall be dressed in allum and (alt, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland - - -^-

For every pound weight avoirdupois of (beep skins and lamb skins, which shall be dressed in allum and salt, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland and which shall be imported in the whole (kin, and neither cut nor diminished in any respfcdt whatever For every bound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and skins, bot herein-before enumerated and described, and of all pieces of parts of hides or dkins, which shall be dressed in allum and salt, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland For every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck, deer, and elk skins, which shall be d re fled in oil in Ireland, and imported in the Whole' skin, and neither cut nor diminished in any respeCfc whatever For every pound weight avoirdupois of all (beep and lamb skins, which shall be dressed in oil in Ireland - For every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, which shall be dressed in oil in Ireland For every dozen of Irish vellum For every dozen of Irish parchment LEATHER, manufactured into goods and wares: '

For every pound weight avoirdupois of tanned leather, manufactured and actually made into goods or wares in Ireland For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish made boots and shoes, and gloves, and other manufactures made of tawed or dressed leather

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck and deer skins, and elk skins, d re fled in oil and manufactured Into goods and wares in Ireland For every pound weight avoirdupois of all (beep and lamb skins, dressed in oil and manufactured into goods or wares in Ireland -

Kor every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and skins, not herein-before enumerated or described, dreffedin oil and manufactured into goods or wares in Ireland MEAD or METHEGL1N. — For every galion, English wine measure, of Irish mead or metheglin -PAPER. — For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish paper, fit or proper, or that may be used for or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, abd printing, or either of them, and of all Irijl) elephant papers and cartridge papers - For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish coloured papers and whited brown papers (other than and except elephant and cartridge papers) fit and proper for the use and purpose of wrapping tip goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them - For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish brown paper, fit and proper for the use and purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the uses and purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them For every pound weight avoirdupois of every fort or kind of Irish paper, not herein-before enumerated or described, lheathing, and button paper and button board excepted -

For every one hundred weight of Irish pasteboard, millboard, and fealeboard For every one hundred weight of Irish glazed papers for clothiers and hot prefers -

£. t. J.£.

1 —

- 3

- 6

- 1

- ii

_ it

10 6

- 6

For

66 r

For every pound weight avoirdupois of books, bound or unbound, and of maps or prints, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland PRINTED GOODS. — For every yard squareof /reprinted, painted, or Gained papers, to serve for hangings, or other uses - For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of foreign callicoes and foreign muslins, which shall be printed, painted. Rained, or dyed in Inland (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour), over and above any duty of cuRoms payable on the importation of foreign callicoes and muslins -

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of all Irish printed, painted, Rained, or dyed /n/ft*raade callicoes, muslins, linens, and Ruffs, made either of cotton or linen, mixed with other materials, fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured Ruffs, made of cotton and other materials, mixed or wholly made of cotton wool (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only)

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of all Irish printed. Rained, painted, or dyed Irish-toade stuffs not before enumerated or described (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only and except stuffs made of woollen, or whereof the greatest part in value shall be woollen)

For every yard in length, reckoning half yard wide, of all Irtjb printed, stained, painted, or dyed (ilks, (silk handkerchiefs excepted) over and above any duty of customs payable on the importation of silk -

For every yard square of Irish printed, fiaiped, painted, or dyed silk handkerchiefs, and so in proportion for wide or narrow silk handkerchiefs, over and above every duty of customs payable on silk SALT. — For every bushel, consisting of

u u 4

£. s.

£ t. d.

- 2

- 11

- 7

- 3!

- 31

- 4*

z^oo;

66*

fifty-six pounds weight avoirdupois, o!

Irish salt, or Irish Glauber or Irish Epsom salt -

For every bushel, confiding of sixty-five pounds weight avoirdupois, of Irish rock salt -

SILK. — Manufactures of ribbons and stuffs of silk only, the pound, containing sixteen ounces - - — 5 —

Note, Two-thirds of the weight of gauze and one-third of the weight of crape, is to be deduced for gum and dress.

Silk and ribbons of silk, mixed with gold or silver, the pound, containing sixteen, ounces -

Silk stockirtgs, silk gloves, silk fringe, silk laces, stitching or sewing silk, the pound containing sixteen ounces -

Silk, manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, the pound, containing sixteen ounces Stuffs of silk and grogram yarn, the pound, containing sixteen ounces Stuffs of silk mixed with incle or cotton, the pound, containing sixteen ounces Stuffs of silk and worsted, the poupd, containing sixteen ounces Stuffs of silk mixed with any other material, the pound, containing sixteen ounces - 13

SOAP. — For every pound weight avoirdupois oiF Irish hard, cake, or ball soap For every pound weight of Irish soft soap SPIRITS, British. — For every galion,

English wine measure, x>f fphits, aqua vita, or strong waters, which shall be distilled or made in Ireland, and imported at, a strength not exceeding one to ten over hydrometer proof

Note. — Spirits above the strength of one to ten will be charged in proportion; and on sweetened or compounded spirits, the di£y will be computed upon the bigheft degree of strength at which such spirits can be made.

ST ARCH. — For every pound weighr of Irish starch or hair powder, of what krnd feever

SUGARS* — Refined videlicet, called

- iq —

- 10 —

6 9

3-

4-1 2 1 S — 10I

- 2i

- li

- s

- 3*

Bqfiari$y whole or ground, the hundred weight - - - _ -

Lumps, the hundred weight Single loaf, the hundred weight Powder loaf and double loaf, the hundred weight -

Sugar candy, brown, the hundred weight Sugar candy, white, the hundred weight Sugar, refined, of any other fort, the hundred weight SWEETS. — For every barrel, confiding of thirty-one gallons and a half, English wine measure, of Irish sweets, or other Irish liquor, made by infusion, ferment tation, or otherwise, from fruit or sugar, or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other materials or ingredients whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the name of Made Wines TOBACCO and SNUFF. — For every pound weight avoirdupois of unmanufactured tobacco, of the growth or produce of Ireland, over and above any duty of customs For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured short cut tobacco, or tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the name of Spanish For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured fnag tobacco For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured roll tobacco For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured carrot tobacco For every pound weight avoirdupois of every other fort of Irish manufactured tobacco, not herein-before enumerated or described -

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured rappee snuff For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Scotch snuff For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured brown Scotch snuff For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured tobacco stalk flour For every pound weight avoirdupois of every other fort or kind of Irish fnanu*

18 2

H -i

16 4

19 1

14 -i

19 I

1 19 l

d.

2 2 —

- I

- I 5 i

- 17

- Si

- 1

4*

- 1 104

" 1 3 i

- x

facturetl

664

faflured snuff, or snuff work, not here-in-before enumerated ot described Tobacco unmanufactured, the pound — VERJUICE. — For every hogshead con-lifting of sixty-three gallons English wine measure, of Irish verjuice VINEGAR. — For every barrel confiding of thirty-four galions, English beer measure, of Irish vinegar WIRE. — For every ounce troy weight of Irish gilt wire For every ounce troy of Irish silver wire For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish gold thread, gold lace, or gold fringe, made of plate wir£ (pun upon silk -

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish silver thread, silver lace, or silver " fringe, made of plate wire spun upon silk

£. sd.

j. d.

- I 10i

7 8

12 8

9i

7

7 8 5 9

B.

On importation into Ireland from Great Britain.

BEER. — For and upon every barrel containing thirty-two galions, imported from Great Britain — GLASS BOTTLES. — For and upon each reputed quart ——

LEATHER, unmanufactured. — For and upon each pound in every hide or skin, or piece of any such hide or (kin of what kind or denomination ioever, other than such as are herein after mentioned and described -

For and upon each hide of horses, mares, or geldings — For and upon all skins called veal skins, and all skins of hogs, for every dozen skins thereof, and after the same rate for any greater or less quantity — For and upon all skins for shoes and other like purposes, and all seal skins, for every dozen thereof, and after the same rate for any greater or less quantity ——

For and upon all skins for bookbinders use, for every dozen thereof, and after the same rate for any greater or less quantity -

For and upon all goat skins tanned with (humack, or otherwiseto resemble Spanish leather, and alHheep skins tanned for roans, being after the nature of

4 6

- 1

1 —

5 -

2 6

1 —

Spanifk

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67 ARTICLES.

Spanish leather, for every pound weight avoirdupois ——

For and upon all sheep and lamb skins tanned for gloves and bafils, for every pound weight avoirdupois, and so in proportion for any greater or less

quantity ——

LEATHER, dressed in oil. — For and upon every hide and skin, and piece of such hide and skin, other than such as are herein after mentioned or described, for every pound weight avoirdupois — — 2 For and upon all deer skins, goat skins, and beaver

skins, for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois — — 3 For and upon all calf skins, for every pound weight

thereof avoirdupois - - 2

For and upon all sheep and lamb skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois -

VELLUM and PARCHMENT. — For and upon every dozen skins of vellum'- 6

For and upon every dozen skins of parchment — — 3 LEATHER, manufactured into goods and wares. —

For and upon all tanned leather manufactured into goods and wares, whereof leather is the most valuable parr, the following duties; videlicet.

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of tanned leather, manufactured and actually made into goods and wares in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the most valuable part - I

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of tawed or dressed leather, manufactured and actually made in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the most valuable part - — — I

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck and deer skins, and elk skins, dressed in oil, and manufactured into goods and wares in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the most valuable part - J

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of all sheep and lamb skins dressed in oil, and manufactured into goods and wares in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the most valuable part - — — \

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and skins, not herein-beforeenumerated or described, dressed in oil, and manufactured into goods and wares in Great Britain, of Jeather only, or of which leather makes the most valuable part — 2 PAPER. — For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of paper, fit or proper for, or that may be

oiufed

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67* [i&oo* ARTICLES.

L' t-

used for or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, or printing, or either of them, and all elephant paper, and all cartridge paper - - — l\ For every pound weight avoirdupois of all coloured paper, and whited-brown papers, other than and except elephant and cartridge paper, fit or proper for the uses or purposes of Wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for or applied to the uses or purposes of writing! drawing, and printing, or either of them, and also except paper hangings - — — I

For every pound weight avoirdupois of brown paper, fit and proper for the use or purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, or printing, or either of them - For and upon everyone hundred weight of glased paper for clothiers and hotpressers, and so in pro* portion for any greater pr less quantity - — 5 —

For and upon every one hundred weight of paste-board, millboard, and fealeboard, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity - — 10 —

For and upon every pound weight of every fort or kind of paper, not herein-before particularly enumerated or described, other than and except papers commonly called or known by the names of Sheathing Paper, and Button Paper or Button Board, and j Paper Hangings ——

STAINED PAPER. — For and upon every square yard of printed, painted, or fiained paper, for Hangings or other uses, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity - 1

For and upon every poundweightavoirdupois of books bound or unbound, and of maps or prints, which shall be imported into Ireland from Great Britain-2

CARDS. — For and upon every pack of printed,

painted, or playing cards, made or manufactured in Great Britain - 1 j

And a further duty of 2 -jrf. per pound weight.

DICE. — For and upon every pair of dice made or

manufactured in Great Britain - — 10 —

WROUGHT PLATE. — For and upon every ounce troy weight of gold or filvcfr plate, which shall be wrought, made, or manufactured in Great Britain, and imported into Ireland - — — 6

SILK MANUFACTURE. — For and upon all silks being of the manufacture of Great Britain, and imported direct, from thence, the following duties $ videlicet,

For

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67.

ARTICLES.

£. s. d.

For and upon all ribbons and stuffs of silks only, for every pound weight thereof containing sixteen ounces - 21

Fof and upon all flllc and ribbons of silk, mixed with gold or silver, for every pound weight thereof containing sixteen ounces - - — a g

For and upon all silk (lockings, silk gloves, lilk fringe, silk laces, ditching and sewing silk, for every pound weight thereof containing sixteen ounces - 13

Fop and upon all manufactures of silk not other wise enumerated or described, for every pound weight thereof containing sixteen ounces — 18

For and upon all stuffs of silk and grogram yarn, the

peuid weight containing sixteen ounces ----- -6

For and upon all stuffs of silk mixed with incle or cotton, the pound weight containing sixteen ounces - — 9

For and upon all stuffs of silk and worsted mixed, the pound weight containing sixteen ounces — — 4 For and upon all stuffs of silk mixed with any other material, the pound weight containing sixteen

ounces ——

SPIRITS, — For and upon every gallon of spirits, being of the manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence, a duty of - — 37

SUGAR, Refined — of the manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence, the following duties$ videlicet,

For and upon all sugar called Bastards, white or ground, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds - 19 8

For and upon all sugar called Lumps, the hundred

weight containing 112 pounds - 1 16 io£-

For and upon all sugar called Single Loaf Sugar, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds - 1 19 4

For and upon all sugar called Powder Loaf mi Double Loaf, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds - 224

For and upon all sugar called Sugar Candy, brown, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds 1 16 10

For and upon all sugar called Sugar Candy, white, '

the hundred weight containing 112 pounds 224

For and upon all sugar refined of any other fort, the hundfed weight containing 112 pounds - 224

SWEETS. — For and upon every barrel, containing thirty two gallons wine measure, of British sweets, or other British liquor made by infusion, fermentation, or otherwise, from fruit or sugar, or from fruit and sugar mixed with any other material or

668 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800.

ARTICLES. £. s. d.

ingredients whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the name of Made Wines - 10 -

For and upon every gallon of mead or metheglin - - 4

For and upon every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons, of vinegar - 3 -

TOBACCO and SNUFF. — For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of unmanufactured tobacco, of the growth or produce of Great Britain, over and above any duty of customs now payable - - 5

For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured short cut tobacco, or tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the name of Spanish

For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured (hag tobacco cut For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured roll tobacco For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured carrot tobacco For and upon every pound weight of every other fort of British manufactured tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or described For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of British manufactured rappee snuff For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured snuff called Scotch Snuff For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured snuff called Brown Scotch Snuff For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured Italic flour For and upon every pound weight of every other fort or kind of British manufactured snuff, or snuff work, not herein-before enumerated or described -

£. s. I

io —

- 4

- 3-

- S

---

SCHEDULE. — Number Two.

Of the articles charged with the duties specified upon importation into Great Britain and Ireland respectively, according to the sixth article of union.

Apparel }

Brass, wrought }

Cabinet ware }

Coaches and other carriages } 10 £. per cent. on the true value.

Copper, wrought }

Cottons, other than callicoes and muslins }

Glass }

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. 669

Haberdashery }

Hats }

Tin plates, wrought iron and hard ware }

Gold and silver lace, gold and silver thread, bullion for lace, pearl, and spangles }

Millinery }

Paper stained } 10 £. per cent. on the true value.

Pottery }

Saddlery and other manufactured leather }

Silk manufacture }

Stockings }

ARTICLE SEVENTH.

[The interest and the sinking fund for the reduction of the debt of either kingdom, shall continue to be defrayed separately.]

That it be the seventh Article of Union, that the Charge arising from the Payment of the Interest, and the Sinking Fund for the Reduction of the Principal, of the Debt incurred in either Kingdom before the Union, shall continue to be separately defrayed by Great Britain and Ireland respectively, except as herein after provided:

[The expenditure of the united kingdom to be defrayed and provided for as herein specified.]

That for the Space of twenty Years after the Union shall take place, the Contribution of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, towards the Expenditure of the United Kingdom in each Year, shall be defrayed in the Proportion of fifteen Parts for Great Britain and two Parts for Ireland; and that at the Expiration of the said twenty Years, the future Expenditure of the United Kingdom (other than the Interest and Charges of the Debt to which either Country shall be separately liable) shall be defrayed in such Proportion as the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall deem just and reasonable upon a Comparison of the real Value of the Exports and Imports of the respective Countries, upon an Average of the three Years next preceding the Period of Revision: or on a Comparison of the Value of the Quantities of the following Articles consumed within the respective Countries, on a similar Average, videlicet, Beer, Spirits, Sugar, Wine, Tea, Tobacco, and Malt; or according to the aggregate Proportion resulting from both these Considerations combined; or on a Comparison of the Amount of Income in each Country, estimated from the Produce for the same Period of a general Tax, if such shall have been imposed on the same Descriptions of Income in both Countries; and that the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall afterwards proceed in like Manner to revise and fix the said Proportions according to the same Rules, or any of them, at Periods not more distant than twenty years, nor less than seven Years from each other; unless, previous to any such Period, the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall have declared, as herein after provided, that the Expenditure of the United Kingdom shall be defrayed indiscriminately, by equal Taxes imposed on the like Articles in both Countries. That, for the defraying the said Expenditure according to the Rules above laid down, the Revenues of Ireland shall hereafter constitute a Consolidated Fund, which shall be charged, in the first instance,

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800.

with the Interest of the Debt of Ireland, and with the Sinking Fund, applicable to the Reduction of the said Debt, and the Remainder shall be applied towards defraying the Proportion of the Expenditure of the United Kingdom, to which Ireland may be liable in each Year: That the Proportion of Contribution to which Great Britain and Ireland will be liable, shall be raised by such Taxes in each Country respectively, as the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall from Time to Time deem fit: Provided always, That in regulating the Taxes in each Country, by which their respective Proportions shall be levied, no Article in Ireland shall be made liable to any new or additional Duty, by which the whole Amount of Duty payable thereon would exceed the Amount which shall be thereafter payable in England on the like Article: That, if at the End of any Year any Surplus shall accrue from the Revenues of Ireland, after defraying the Interest, Sinking Fund, and proportional Contribution and separate Charges to which the said Country shall then be liable, Taxes shall be taken off to the Amount of such Surplus, or the Surplus shall be applied by the Parliament of the United Kingdom to local Purposes in Ireland, or to make good any Deficiency which may arise in the Revenues of Ireland in Time of Peace, or be invested, by the Commissioners of the National Debt of Ireland, in the Funds, to accumulate for the Benefit of Ireland at Compound Interest, in case of the Contribution of Ireland in Time of War; provided that the Surplus so to accumulate shall at no future Period be suffered to exceed the Sum of five Millions: That all Monies to be raised after the Union, by Loan, in Peace or War, for the Service of the United Kingdom by the Parliament thereof, shall be considered to be a joint Debt, and the Charges thereof shall be borne by the respective Countries in the Proportion of their respective Contributions; provided that, if at any Time, in raising their respective Contributions hereby fixed for each Country, the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall judge it fit to raise a greater Proportion of such respective Contributions in one Country within the Year than in the other, or to set apart a greater Proportion Sinking Fund for the Liquidation of the Whole or any Part of the Loan raised on account of the one Country than of that raised on account of the other Country, then such Part of the said Loan, for the Liquidation of which different Provisions shall have been made for the respective Countries, shall be kept distinct, and shall be borne by each separately, and only that Part of the said Loan be deemed Joint and Common, for the Reduction of which the respective Countries shall have made Provision in the Proportion of their respective Contributions: That, if at any future Day the separate Debt of each Country respectively shall have been liquidated, or, if the Values of their respective Debts (estimated according to the Amount of the Interest and Annuities attending the same, and of the Sinking Fund applicable to the Reduction thereof, and to the Period within which the whole Capital of such Debt shall appear to be redeemable by such Sinking Fund) shall be to each other in the same Proportion with the respective Contributions of each Country respectively; or if the Amount by which the Value of the

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. 671

larger of such Debts shall vary from such Proportion, shall not exceed one hundredth Part of the said Value; and if it shall appear to the Parliament of the United Kingdom, that the respective Circumstances of the two Countries will thenceforth admit of their contributing indiscriminately, by equal Taxes imposed on the same Articles in each, to the future Expenditure of the United Kingdom, it shall be competent to the Parliament of the United Kingdom to declare, that all future Expence thenceforth to be incurred, together with the Interest and Charges of all joint Debts contracted previous to such Declaration, shall be to defrayed indiscriminately by equal Taxes imposed on the same Articles in each Country, and thenceforth from Time to Time, as Circumstances may require, to impose and apply such Taxes accordingly, subject only to such particular Exemptions or Abatements in Ireland, and in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as Circumstances may appear from Time to Time to demand: That, from the Period of such Declaration, it shall no longer be necessary to regulate the Contribution of the two Countries towards the future Expenditure of the United Kingdom, according to any specifick Proportion, or according to any of the Rules herein-before prescribed: Provided nevertheless, that the Interest or Charges which may remain on account of any Part of the separate Debt with which either Country shall be chargeable, and which shall not be liquidated or consolidated proportionably as above, shall, until extinguished, continue to be defrayed by separate Taxes in each Country: That a Sum, not less than the Sum which has been granted by the Parliament of Ireland on the Average of six Years immediately preceding the first Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, in Premiums for the internal Encouragement of Agriculture or Manufactures, or for the maintaining Institutions for pious and charitable Purposes, shall be applied, for the Period of twenty Years after the Union, to such local Purposes in Ireland, in such Manner as the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall direct: That, from and after the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, all Publick Revenue arising to the United Kingdom from the territorial Dependencies thereof, and applied to the General Expenditure of the United Kingdom, shall be so applied in the Proportions of the respective Contributions of the two Countries:

ARTICLE EIGHTH.

[All laws in force at the union, and all the courts of jurisdiction within the respective kingdoms, shall remain, subject to such alterations as may appear proper to the united parliament.]

That it be the eighth Article of Union, That all Laws in force at the Time of the Union, and all the Courts of Civil and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction within the respective Kingdoms, shall remain as now by Law established within the same; subject only to such Alterations and Regulations from Time to Time as Circumstances may appear to the Parliament of the United Kingdom to require;

[All appeals to be finally decided by the peers of the united kingdom.]

provided that all Writs of Error and Appeals depending at the Time of the Union or hereafter to be brought, and which might now be finally decided by the House of Lords of either Kingdom, shall, from and after the Union, be finally decided by the House

672 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800.

of lords of the united kingdom;

[There shall remain in Ireland a court of admiralty, and appeals therefrom shall be to the delegates in chancery there.]

and provided, that, from and after the Union, there shall remain in Ireland an Instance Court of Admiralty, for the Determination of Causes, Civil and Maritime only, and that the Appeal from Sentences of the said Court shall be to his Majesty's Delegates in his Court of Chancery in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland;

[All laws contrary to the provisions enacted for carrying these articles into effect to be repealed.]

and that all Laws at present in force in either Kingdom, which shall be contrary to any of the Provisions which may be enacted by any Act for carrying these Articles into Effect, be from and after the Union repealed.

[His Majesty having been pleased to approve of the foregoing articles, it is enacted, That they shall be the articles of union, and be in force for ever, from Jan. 1, 1801; provided that before that period an act shall have been passed in Ireland for carrying them into effect.]

And whereas the said Articles having, by Address of the respective Houses of Parliament in Great Britain and Ireland, been humbly laid before his Majesty, his Majesty has been graciously pleased to approve the same; and to recommend it to his two Houses of Parliament in Great Britain and Ireland to consider of such Measures as may be necessary for giving Effect to the said Articles: In order, therefore, to give full Effect and Validity to the same, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, the said foregoing recited Articles, each and every one of them, according to the true Import and Tenor thereof, be ratified, confirmed, and approved, and be and they are hereby declare to be, the Articles of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and the same shall be in force and have effect for ever, from the first Day of January which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one; provided that before that Period an Act shall have been passed by the Parliament of Ireland, for carrying into effect, in the like Manner, the said foregoing recited Articles.

[Recital of an act of the parliament of Ireland to regulate the mode by which the lords and the commons, to serve in the parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned.]

II. And whereas an Act, intituled An Act to regulate the Mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said Parliament, has been passed by the Parliament of Ireland; the Tenor whereof is as follows: ‘An Act to regulate the Mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said Parliament. Whereas it is agreed by the fourth Article of Union, That four Lords Spiritual of Ireland, by Rotation of Sessions, and twenty-eight Lords Temporal of Ireland, elected for Life by the Peers of Ireland, shall be the Number to sit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Lords of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, and one hundred Commoners (two for each County of Ireland, two for the City of Dublin, two for the City of Cork, one for the College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and one for each of the thirty-one considerable Cities, Towns, and Boroughs) be the Number to sit and vote on

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. 673

the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of the Parliament or the United Kingdom; be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the said four Lords Spiritual shall be taken from among the Lords Spiritual of Ireland in the Manner following; that is to say, That one of the four Archbishops of Ireland, and three of the eighteen Bishops of Ireland, shall sit in the House of Lords of the United Parliament in each Session thereof, the said Right of sitting being regulated as between the said Archbishops respectively by a Rotation among the Archiepiscopal Sees from Session to Session, and in like Manner that of the Bishops by a like Rotation among the Episcopal Sees: That the Primate of all Ireland for the Time being shall sit in the first Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, the Archbishop of Dublin for the Time being in the Second, the Archbishop of Cashel for the Time being in the third, the Archbishop of Tuam for the Time being in the fourth; and so by Rotation of Sessions for ever, such Rotation to proceed regularly and without Interruption from Session to Session notwithstanding any Dissolution or Expiration of Parliament: That three suffragan Bishops shall in like Manner sit according to their Rotation of Sees from Session to Session in the following Order; the Lord Bishop of Meath, the Lord Bishop of Kildare, the Lord Bishop of Derry, in the first Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the Lord Bishop of Raphoe, the Lord Bishop of Limerick, Ardfert, and Aghadoe, the Lord Bishop of Dromore, in the second Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the Lord Bishop of Elphin, the Lord Bishop of Down and Connor, the Lord Bishop of Waterford and Lismore, in the third Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the Lord Bishop of Leighlin and Ferns, the Lord Bishop of Cloyne, the Lord Bishop of Cork and Ross in the fourth Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the Lord Bishop of Killaloe and Kilfenora, the Lord Bishop of Kitmore, the Lord Bishop of Clogher, in the fifth Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the Lord Bishop of Ossory, the Lord. Bishop of Killala and Achonry, the Lord Bishop of Clonfert and Kilmacduagh, in the sixth Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the said Rotation to be nevertheless subject to such Variation therefrom from Time to Time as is herein after provided: That the said twenty-eight Lords Temporal shall be chosen by all the Temporal Peers of Ireland in the Manner herein after provided; that each of the said Lords Temporal so chosen shall be entitled to sit in the House of Lords of the Parliament of the United Kingdom during his Life; and in case of his Death, or forfeiture of any of the said Lords Temporal, the Temporal Peers of Ireland shall, in the Manner herein after provided, choose another Peer out of their own Number to supply the Place so vacant. And be it enacted, That of the one hundred Commoners to sit on the Part of Ireland in the United Parliament, sixty-four shall be chosen for the Counties, and thirty-six for the following Cities and Boroughs,

674 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800.

videlicet; For each County of Ireland two; for the City of Dublin two; for the City of Cork two; for the College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin one; for the City of Waterford one; for the City of Limerick one; for the Borough of Belfast one; for the County and Town of Drogheda one; for the County and Town of Carrickfergus one; for the Borough of Newry one, for the City of Kilkenny one; for the City of Londonderry one; for the Town of Galway one; for the Borough of Clonmell one; for the Town of Wexford one; for the Town of Youghall one; for the Town of Bandon Bridge one; for the Borough of Armagh one; for the Borough of Dundalk one; for the Town of Kinsale one; for the Borough of Lisburne one; for the Borough of Sligo one; for the Borough of Catherlough one; for the Borough of Ennis one; for the Borough of Dungarvan one; for the Borough of Downpatrick one; for the Borough of Colraine one; for the Town of Mallow one; for the Borough of Athlone one; for the Town of New Ross one; for the Borough of Tralee one; for the City of Cashel one; for the Borough of Dungannon one; for the Borough of Portarlington one; for the Borough of Enniskillen one. And be it enacted, That in case of the summoning of a new Parliament, or if the Seat of any of the said Commoners shall become vacant by Death or otherwise, then the said Counties, Cities or Boroughs, or any of them, as the Case may be, shall proceed to a new Election; and that all the other Towns, Cities, Corporations, or Boroughs, other than the aforesaid, shall cease to elect Representatives to serve in Parliament; and no meeting shall at any Time hereafter be summoned, called, convened, or held, for the Purpose of electing any person or persons to serve or act, or be considered, as Representative or Representatives of any other Place, Town, City, Corporation, or Borough, other than the aforesaid, or as Representative or Representatives of the Freemen, Freeholders, Householders, or Inhabitants thereof, either in the Parliament of the United Kingdom or elsewhere, (unless it shall hereafter be otherwise provided by the Parliament of the United Kingdom); and every Person summoning, calling, or holding such a meeting or Assembly, or taking any part in any such Election or pretended Election, shall, being duly thereof convicted, incur and suffer the Pains and Penalties ordained and provided by the Statute of Provision and Praemunire, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of Richard the Second. For the due Election of the Persons to be chosen to sit in the respective Houses of the Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, be it enacted, That on the Day following that on which the Act for establishing the Union shall have received the Royal Assent, the Primate of all Ireland, the Lord Bishop of Meath, the Lord Bishop of Kildare, and the Lord Bishop of Derry shall be and they are hereby declared to be the Representatives of the Lords Spiritual of Ireland in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, for the first Session thereof; and that the Temporal Peers of Ireland shall assemble at Twelve of the Clock on the same Day as aforesaid, in the now accustomed Place of Meeting of the House of Lords of

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. 675

Ireland, and shall then and there proceed to elect twenty-eight Lords Temporal to represent the Peerage of Ireland in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the following Manner; that is to say, the Names of the Peers shall be called over according to their Rank, by the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, who shall then and there attend for that Purpose; and each of the said Peers, who previous to the said Day, and in the present Parliament shall have actually taken his Seat in the House of Lords of Ireland, and who shall there have taken the Oaths, and signed the Declaration, which are or shall be by Law required to be taken and signed by the Lords of the Parliament of Ireland before they can sit and vote in the Parliament hereof, shall, when his Name is called, deliver, either by himself or by his Proxy, (the Name of such Proxy having been previously entered in the Books of the House of Lords of Ireland, according to the present Forms and Usages thereof,) to the Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy, (who shall then and there attend for that Purpose,) a List of twenty-eight of the Peers of Ireland; and the Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy shall then and there publickly read the said Lists, and shall then and there cast up the said Lists, and publickly declare the Names of the twenty-eight Lords who shall be chosen by the Majority of Votes in the said Lists, and shall make a Return of the said Names to the House of Lords of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom; and the Lords so chosen by the Majority of Votes in the said Lists shall, during their respective Lives sit as Representatives of the Peers of Ireland in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, and be entitled to receive Writs of Summons to that and every succeeding Parliament; and in case a complete Election shall not be made of the whole Number of twenty-eight Peers, by reason of an Equality of Votes, the Clerk of the Crown shall return such Number in favour of whom a complete Election shall have been made in one List, and in a second List shall return the Names of those Peers who shall have an Equality of Votes, but in favour of whom, by reason of such Equality, a complete Election shall not have been made and the Names of the Peers in the second List, for whom an equal Number of Votes shall have been so given, shall be written on Pieces of Paper of a similar Form, and shall be put into a Glass by the Clerk of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, at the Table of the House of Lords thereof, whilst the House is sitting, and the Peer whose Name shall be first drawn out by the Clerk of the Parliament, shall be deemed the Peer elected; and so successively as often as the Case may require; and whenever the Seat or any of the twenty-eight Lords Temporal so elected shall be vacated by Decease or Forfeiture, the Chancellor, the Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom for the Time being, upon receiving a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of any two Lords Temporal of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, certifying the Decease of such Peer, or on View of the Record of Attainder of such Peer, shall direct a Writ to be issued under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to the Chancellor,

676 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800.

the Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland for the time being, directing him or them to cause Writs to be issued, by the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to every Temporal Peer of Ireland, who shall have sat and voted in the House of Lords of Ireland before the Union, or whose Right to sit and vote therein, or to vote at such Elections, shall, on Claim made on his Behalf, have been admitted by the House of Lords of Ireland before the Union, or after the Union by the House of Lords of the United Kingdom; and Notice shall forthwith be published by the said Clerk of the Crown, in the London and Dublin Gazettes, of the issuing of such Writs, and of the Names and Titles of all the Peers to whom the same are directed; and to the said Writs there shall be annexed a Form of Return thereof, in which a Blank shall be left for the Peer to be elected, and the said Writs shall enjoin each Peer, within fifty-two Days from the Teste of the Writ, to return the same into the Crown Office of Ireland with the Blank filled up, by inserting the Name of the Peer for whom he shall vote, as the Peer to succeed to the vacancy made by Demise or Forfeiture as aforesaid; and the said Writs and Returns shall be bipartite, so as that the Name of the Peer to be chosen shall be written twice, that is, once on each part of such Writ and Return, and so as that each Part may also be subscribed by the Peer to whom the same shall be directed, and likewise be sealed with his Seal of Arms; and one Part of the said Writs and Returns so filled up, subscribed and sealed as above, shall remain of the Record in the Crown Office of Ireland, and the other Part shall be certified by the Clerk of the Crown to the Clerk of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; and no Peer of Ireland, except such as shall have been elected as Representative Peers on the Part of Ireland in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, and shall have taken the Oaths, and signed the Declaration prescribed by Law, shall, under pain of suffering such Punishment as the House of Lords of the United Kingdom may award and adjudge, make a Return to such Writ, unless he shall, after the issuing thereof, and before the Day on which the Writ is returnable, have taken the Oaths and signed the Declaration which are or shall be by Law required to be taken and signed by the Lords of the United Kingdom, before they can sit and vote in the Parliament thereof; which oaths and Declaration shall be either taken and subscribed in the Court of Chancery of Ireland, or before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; a certificate whereof, signed by such Justices of the Peace, or by the Registrar of the said Court of Chancery, shall be transmitted by such Peer with the Return, and shall be annexed to that Part thereof remaining as record in the Crown Office of Ireland; and the Clerk of the Crown shall forthwith after the Return Day of the Writs, cause to he published in the London and Dublin Gazettes, a Notice of the Name of the person chosen by the Majority of Votes; and the Peer so chosen shall, during his life, be one of the Peers to sit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom; and in case the Votes shall be equal, the Names

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. 677

of such Persons who have an equal Number of Votes in their Favour, shall be written on Pieces of Paper of a similar Form, and shall be put into a Glass by the Clerk of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, at the Table of the House of Lords, whilst the House is sitting, and the Peer whose Name shall be first drawn out by the Clerk of the Parliament shall be deemed the Peer elected, And be it enacted, That in case any Lord Spiritual, being a Temporal Peer of the United Kingdom, or being a Temporal Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall be chosen by the Lords Temporal to be one of the Representatives of the Lords Temporal, in every such Case, during the Life of such Spiritual Peer being a Temporal Peer of the United Kingdom, or being a Temporal Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, so chosen to represent the Lords Temporal, the Rotation of Representation of the Spiritual Lords shall proceed to the next Spiritual Lord, without regard to such Spiritual Lord so chosen a temporal Peer, that is to say, if such Spiritual Lord shall be an Archbishop, then the Rotation shall proceed to the Archbishop whose See is next in Rotation, and if such Spiritual Lord shall be a suffragan Bishop, then the Rotation shall proceed to the suffragan Bishop whose See is next in Rotation. And whereas by the said fourth Article of Union it is agreed, that, if his Majesty shall, on or before the first Day of January next, declare, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, that it is expedient that the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain, then the Lords and Commons or the present Parliament of Great Britain shall accordingly be the Members of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain; be it enacted, for and in that Case only; That the present Members of the thirty-two Counties of Ireland, and the two Members for the City of Dublin, and the two Members for the City or Cork, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, by virtue of this Act, Members for the said Counties and Cities in the first Parliament of the United Kingdom; and that, on a Day and Hour to be appointed by his Majesty under the Great Seal of Ireland, previous to the said first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, the Members then serving for the College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and for each of the following Cities or Boroughs, that is to say, the City of Waterford, City of Limerick, Borough of Belfast, County and Town of Drogheda, County and Town of Carrickfergus, Borough of Newry, City of Kilkenny, City of Londonderry, Town of Galway, Borough of Clonmell, Town of Wexford, Town of Youghall, Town of Bandon- Bridge, Borough of Armagh, Borough of Dundalk, Town of Kinsale, Borough of Lisburne, Borough of Sligo, Borough of Catherlough, Borough of Ennis, Borough of Dungarvan, Borough of Downpatrick, Borough of Coleraine, Town of Mallow, Borough of Athlone, Town of New Ross, Borough of Tralee, City of Cashel, Borough of Dungannon, Borough of Portarlington, and Borough

678 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800.

of Enniskillen, or any five or more of them, shall meet in the now usual Place of Meeting of the House of Commons of Ireland, and the Names of the Members then serving for the said Places and Boroughs, shall be written on separate Pieces of Paper, and the said Papers being folded up, shall be placed in a Glass or Glasses, and shall successively be drawn thereout by the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, who shall then and there attend for that Purpose; and the first drawn Name of a Member of each of the aforesaid Places or Boroughs shall be taken as the Name of the Member to serve for the said Place or Borough in the first Parliament of the United Kingdom; and a Return of the said Names shall be made by the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, to the House of Commons of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom; and a Certificate thereof shall be given respectively by the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, to each of the Members whose Names shall have been so drawn: Provided always, That it may be allowed to any Member of any of the said Places or Boroughs, by personal Application, to be then and there made by him to the Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy, or by Declaration in Writing under his Hand, to be transmitted by him to the Clerk of the Crown previous to the said Day so appointed as above, to withdraw his Name previous to the drawing of the Names by Lot; in which Case, of in that of a Vacancy by Death or otherwise of one of the Members of any of the said Places or Boroughs, at the Time of so drawing the Names, the Name of the other Member shall be returned as aforesaid as the Name of the Member to serve for such Place in the first Parliament of the United Kingdom; or if both Members for any such Place or Borough shall so withdraw their Names, or if there shall be a Vacancy of both Members at the Time aforesaid, the Clerk of the Crown shall certify the same to the House of Commons of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom, and shall also express, in such Return, whether any Writ shall then have issued for the Election of a Member or Members to supply such Vacancy; and if a Writ shall so have issued for the Election of one Member only, such Writ shall be superseded, any Election to be thereafter made thereupon shall be null and of no Effect; and if such Writ shall have issued for the Election of two Members, the said two Members shall be chosen accordingly, and their Names being returned by the Clerk of the Crown to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, one of the said Names shall then be drawn by Lot, in such Manner and Time as the said House of Commons shall direct; and the person whose Name shall be so drawn, shall be deemed to be the Member to sit for such Place in the first Parliament of the United Kingdom; but if, at the Time aforesaid no Writ shall have issued to supply such Vacancy, none shall thereafter issue until the same be; ordered by Resolution of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, as in the Case of any other Vacancy of a Seat in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. And be it enacted, That whenever his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 68, 69 679

shall, by Proclamation under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, summon a new Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Chancellor, Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland, shall cause Writs to be issued to the several Counties, Cities, the College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and Boroughs in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, specified in this Act, for the Election of Members to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, according to the Number herein-before set forth; and whenever any Vacancy of a Seat in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, for any of the said Counties, Cities, or Boroughs, or for the said College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, shall arise, by Death or otherwise, the Chancellor, Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal, upon such Vacancy being certified to them respectively, by the proper Warrant, shall forthwith cause a Writ to issue for the Election for the Election of a Person to fill up such Vacancy; and such Writs, and the Returns thereon, respectively being returned into the Crown Office in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall from thence be transmitted to the Crown Office in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and be certified to the House of Commons in the same Manner as the like Returns have been usually or shall hereafter be certified; and Copies of the said Writs and Returns, attested by the Chancellor, Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, shall be preserved in the Crown Office of Ireland, and shall be Evidence of such Writs and Returns, in case the original Writs and Returns shall be lost;

[Recited act to be taken as part of this act.]

be it enacted, That the said act, so herein recited, be taken as a part of this act, and be deemed to all intents and purposes, incorporated within the same.

[The Great Seal of Ireland may, if his Majesty shall think fit, after the Union, be used in like Manner as before, except where otherwise provided by the foregoing articles; and his Majesty may continue the privy council of Ireland.]

III. And be it enacted, That the Great Seal of Ireland may, if his Majesty shall so think fit, after the Union, be used in like Manner as before the Union, except where it is otherwise provided by the foregoing Articles, within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and that his Majesty may, so long as he shall think fit, continue the Privy Council of Ireland to be his Privy Council for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for extending the powers of the commissioners named in an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for appointing of to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, together with those named in two former acts, for appointing of of the land tax; for indemnifying such persons, named in the said act, as have acted as of of the land tax; and for rendering valid certain acts done by them.

[July 9, 1800.]

CAP LXIX.

An act for repealing the duties on perfumery and on licences for vending the same.

[July 9, 1800.]

680 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 69. [1800.

[Preamble.]

[26 Geo 3. c. 49.]

---

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on perfumery, hair powder, and other articles therein mentioned, and on licence? to betaken out by persons uttering or vending the same, it was among/! other things enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July cm thou find seven hundred and eighty fix, there should be raised, levied, cell: tied, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, dr-tain Jiomp duties on the several wares and other articles therein-7Mentioned, which should be uttered, vended\ or expojed to sali io Great Britain, according to the respective prices thereof therein-mention id, and on licences taken out by persons uttering or vending the same: and whereas it is expedient that the duties granted by the fud ncited aft should be repealed: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and conftm of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present- parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

From July 5, same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand tics°oi)t!'hundred, the several and respective duties granted by live said on the several wares and other articles therein-mentioned.

arrears.

furriery and act on the several wares and other articles therein-mentioned,

licences im- and on licences for vending the same, shall ceale and determine; pofcil by re- and that theu and from thenceforth all the powers and authori-C*t*ded^exc" t t'es S*vcn a°d granted, and the rules and regulations established ptae »exctPcan(j prefer', bed by the said recited act, in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the said duties, and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease and determine; save and except in all caf.s relating to the recovering of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said duties, and to the accounting for the same, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any time before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred.

II. And whereas many persons dealing in perfumery may have in their cu/lody or possession divers covers, wrappers, or labels, /lamped

or marked according to the provisiotis of the said recited act, which Persons hav- shall not have been used in the file or disposal of any wares; be it

rtamPs* therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for all persons who citedadh in- ^ave t^ie*r custQCty or possession any such stamped covers, their posses. wrappers, or labels as aforesaid, to bring or fend the Came unto tion, which the of of the stamp duties at their head office, and it have not been shall be lawful for the said of of (lamps, and they are brine ihiT hereby authorised, upon due proof upon oath made to the fans-fame to the -faction of the said of (which oath the said commis-stamp office, sioners, or any one or more of them, are hereby authorised to and the com- administer) that such stamped covers, wrappers, or labels have ^ithorised to ^ona fa* not ^een u^e(* l^e or disposal of any wares within the intent and meaning of the said recited a<$f, to (lamp and mark, or cause to be stamped or marked, for the several persons who shall so bring or deliver any quantity of such stamped covers, wrappers, or labels* any vellum, parchment, or paper,

stamped

prder other llamps to he delivered to them of the V'ke value in lieu thereof.

the

kri

p

inti.

con

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 70, 71. 63a

damped with any damps of the like value with the amount of the said damped covers, wrappers, or labels, and of such description of damps as shall be required by any fuel) person or persons as aforesaid, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly for the same, any sum or sums of mousy or other % consideration whatever.

An act to exempt from duty wajle paper imported into this kingdom, for the purfofe of being re - manufact u red, except the duty imposed by an act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty^ for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported.

[July 9, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to encourage the importation of waste papery for the purpose of being re-manufactured in this kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the Kind's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and No duty ex-after the passing of this act, no duty, except the duty imposed by an act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present miJc?76 Majesty, intituled An act for the better protection of the trade shall be paid*of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of cuf- on the impor-toms on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain tall°nof waile ships entering outwards or inzvards to or from foreign parts, until vfXed it'S"in the signing the preliminary articles of peaccy shall be paid or pay- a iUte fit for able upon the importation of any waste paper whatever; provided no other pur-the same shall, upon the importation thereof, be in a date so as P°^c re-

to render it wholly and entirely unfit for any other purpose than manu ure'

that of being re-manufactured; and provided also, that the same shall be duly entered and regularly landed in the presence of the proper officers appointed for that purpose.

An act to author ife bakers and other persons to sell bread to his Majesty's forces on their marchy which shall not have been baked twenty four hours, and to indemnify all person s by whom such head may have been so fold.

[July 9, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act to prohibit, until the expiration C. 18. of this, of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, any person or persons from felling any bread which shall not have been baked a certain time: and whereas it may have been necessary to supply his Majesty's troops on their marchy and on their first ai rival in any town or plaee9 with bread which had not been baked for the period of time required by the said act, whereby bakers and other person? may have incurred divers penalties: and whereas it is expedient that such bakers and other persons fbouhi

CAP. LXX.

CAP. LXXT.

Recited act not to extend to bakers felling to his Majesty's troops on their march, See. bread which has not been baked 34 hours.

[Preamble.]

19 Geo. 3. c. 4S> recited,

Grants exempted from stamp duties by recited act to continue exempted from all such duties.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 72. [1800.

be relieved from such penalties, and that it should be lawful to sup ply his Majesty's troops during their march, and on their ferst arrival in any town or place, with bread which shall not have been baked for the period mentioned in the said act: be it therefore enacted by the King's mo$ excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any baker or other person who, fioce the palEng of the said act, has fold qr delivered, or offered or exposed to Tale, or who during the continuance of the said act shall fell or deliver, or offer or expose to sale, any bread which had not or shall not have been baked twenty-four hours, to or for the use of any of his Majesty's troops on their march, or within twenty-four hours after their arrival, at any quarter, barrack, or canton, ment, and every such baker or other person shall be and is hereby freed and discharged from all penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the said recited act, in respect of any bread fold, or offered or exposed to sale, to or for the use of his Majesty's troops as aforesaid; and all proceedings already had for the recovery of any such penalty or forfeiture shall be forthwith flayed.

CAP. LXXII.

An act to amend several laws relating to the duties on Jlatnfd vellum, parchment^ and paper.

[July 9, 1800.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the chancellor and council of the duchy of Loncafeer to sell and dispose of certain fee farm rents and other rents, and to enffanchife copyhold and customary tenements within their survey, and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the said duchy, it is enacted, That where the money to be paid, as the confederation money for any grant, conveyance, or assurance of the said rents, shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, such grants, conveyances, and assurances, under the seal of the said ducljy, shall be subject to no stamp duty for the same: and whereas, fence the pajfeng of the said act, certain additional and new stamp duties have been granted: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the said provifms of the fail recited act of the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesej continue in force; and also, whether the said grants and assurances, which are thereby exempted from stamp duty, are also exempted from the Jlbmp duties granted fence the passing of tie said act; be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all such grants, assurances, and conveyances as aforesaid > shall be, remain, and continue exempted from the several stamp duties granted, as well since the passing of the said recited act of the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty as before

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 72. 683

fore the parting: thereof, any act or a<£ls to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And whereas, by an act made in the thirtysevent h year of the 37 Geo. 3. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his c. 9°* rcclted> Majesty certain stamp duties on the several matters therein-mentioned, and for better securing the duties on certificates to

be taken out by solicitors, attornies, and others, practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain, a stamp duty of six shillings and eight-pence is chargeable upon every skin or piect of vellum or parchment, or Sheet or piece of paper, on which any copy, purporting to be a true copy, or attested to be a true copy of any indenture, Ietife, or other deed, or any part thereof for the security or use of any person, other than the person having or being entitled to the custody of such indenture, lease, or other deed, should, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be ingrossed, printed, or written: and whereas it is expedient that the said duty should be repealed, except as herein-asur is provided, and other duties granted in lieu thereof: be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first day of August one thousand from Aug. sand eight hundred, the said stamp duty of six shillings and l2°j'uVle0f eight-pence, charged and payable by the said recited a £ as

aforesaid, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or every sheet of payable, save and except as herein after is mentioned and pro- a copy of any vided; and save also and except as to any arrears of the said of'an

duties which may, on the said first day of August, remain unpaid, but theperlbri or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or for-entitled to the feitures, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any cu.'tody of the time before or on the said first: day of August, and the several indenture, repowers, prfcvisions, and remedies for recovering the famepcae*respectively.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing but not to herein contained shall be construed to repeal, or in any manner extend to'affect the duties granted by the said act, so far as the same re- f^uThy°of*late to any copy of any indenture, lease, or other deed, or any any pa; ty to part thereof, made or to be made for the security or use of any an indenture person or persons being a party or parties to the same indenture, cullod^ of lease, or other deed, and not having the custody of the original ]orig?nal, ° indenture, lease, or other deed, or of any counterpart or dupli- &c#

cate thereof, or where such copy shall not be made in lieu of such original indenture, lease, or other deed. From Aue.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said lieu

first day of August, there shall, in lieu of the duties hereby repealed, be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the there shall be kingdom of Great Britain, unto his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- paid a stamp ceflors, a stamp duty of sixpence upon every piece of vellum or duty of 6d. parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any copy, b^copy^C

purporting to be a true copy, or attested to be a true copy, of intended for any indenture, lease, or other deed, or any part thereof, shall anyotherthan be ingrossed, written, or printed, for, or for the security or use parties to of, any person or persons, other than any or either of the par- noVhavIngThe ties to the same indenture, lease, or other deed or deeds, and u<t0dythere- ^-not of, &c.

684 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 72. [1800.

not having the custody of such original indenture, lease, or other deed, or any duplicate or counterpart thereof, or where such copy shall not be made in lieu of any such original indenture, lease, or ether deed.

Duties to be V. And be it further enacted, That for the more effectually Uad^nentof'I(evy*ng* collecting, and paying the said duties herein-before the*coiiimif- granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and ii-ners for management of the commissioners for the time being appointed stamps. to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose, and to cause such new stamp to be provided to denote the said nets and additional duty as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to alter or renew the same respectively from time to time, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner, as they or the major part of them are authorised to put in execution any foimer law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper. Number of

VI. And be it further enacted, That the number of stamps onever to Put cn every such-copy shall be calculated and ascertained copy to be yn like manner, and according to such and the like rules, in calculated ac- every respect, as are contained in the said herein last-before cording to lall recited act, with respect to the said duty of six shillings and which^ffiafi* eight-pence; and all the clauses, provisions, rules, penalties, extend to the forfeitures, matters, and things, relating to the said duty of fix duty hereby shillings and eight-pence, or prescribed in the said last recited granted. aft, with respect to any copies, purporting to be true copies, or attested to be true copies, of any indentures, leases, or other deeds, shall be extended, applied, and put in practice, and shall continue and be in force, for the damping every such copy as aforesaid, charged with any duty by this act, or for the raising, levying, and collecting the duty hereby granted respectively, in the like manner and as fully and effectually as if the said clauses, provisions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, had been re-enacted in this act.

VII. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the 35 Geo. 3. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his c. 8o, recited. Majesty certain duties on certificates, to be taken out by foJici-tors, attornies, and ethers, practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain, and certain other duties with respect to warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered or filed of record, as therein-mcivicned; and of another act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for grafting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on the several matters therein-mentioned; and for better securing the duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attornies, and others, practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain, certain duties are granted on certificates to be taken out by certain notaries therein described: and whereas doubts have nrisen, whether notaries, not being admitted in any courts, are liable to the said duties; for

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 72. 685

remedy whereof, be it enacted, Thar, from and after the first day From Nov. i,

of November one thousand eight hundred, every person who shall without

act as a publick notary, or use or exercise the office of a notary h: \vin r takeu

in any manner, or do any notarial act whatsoever, without hav- out their

ing been duly admitted in the court or courts wherein notaries certificate, to

are usually admitted, and without having delivered in his name

and usual place of rcfiJence, and taken out such certificate as is jncapab.c of

directed in and by the said last recited acts of the twenty-fifth atfing.

and thirty-seventh years of the reign of his present Majestiv, or

one of them, Avail, for every inch offence, forfeit and pay the

sum of fifty pounds, and shall be and is hereby made incapable

to do any as, matter, or thing as a notary publick, or recover

any fee or reward on account of any such aei, matter, or thing,

without such certificate as aforesaid; and every such penalty shall be recoverable and recovered, and applied in like manner in

every respect as any penalty of the like value im poled by the said last recited acts, or either of them, may be recovered 3ini applied.

V 111. And whereas the provision contained in an cu7, Passed in the iSpeo. V

r AJ___- d _r i: ., r. n. _ -i c. 63. recited;

thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Mayefly, intituled An act

for granting to hrs Majesty certain stamp duties on lea infur-;, R euads that

ances, by which it is enacted, That the co?nvifi: ners or officers in the commi t-

the j'aid act mentioned J})all not he required to provide, at the publick h, )n -rs* f -1 J a j 1, r \; r i shall not be

charge, any Jtamped parchment for policies of nijurance, where the rc^u; r j to

sum to be insured thereon shall not amount to ten thousand pounds provide blank upwards, has been found to be productive of great inconvenience: and policies of whereas it is expedient that certain provisons of the said act, relating for

to the cancelling of certain policies of insurance in certain cases, and to ^ounthii: to the making an allowance of the /lamps thereon, should be amended in 10, 0001. re. certain particulars herein after mentioned; and that provision shouldpealed; and be made to permit the find of of'/lamps to make an allow-rjrn f{l % ' l\ ance of the value of certain /lamps on policies of insurance, if iced onj^jes former acts of parliament, prior to the said last recited act, that have prov.cicd lor never been used, and have been rendered useless by the said act: be it 5, 6 7, 8, and therefore enabled, That so much of the said recited act as enadr, y°°°b relPcC* that the said of or officers in the fud act mentioned, t, vely*

should not be required to provide, at the publick charge, any parchment stamped for blank policies of insurance, as in the said act is particularly mentioned, where the sum ro be insured thereon should not amount to ten thousand pounds or upwards, shall, from and after the first day of August one thousand ci^ht hundred, be, and the same is hereby repealed^and that, from and after the said first day of August, the said of shall provide sufficient quantities of parchment or paper only, and not of vellum, adapted for policies of infurar.ee, with the several forms for blank policies of insurance printed thcieon, and stamped according to the provisions of the said add, for the several and relptxftive sums of five thousand pounds, six thousand pounds,

seven thousand pounds, eight thousand pounds, and nine thousand pounds respectively, to be insured thereon.

IX. And whereas it is expedient that the period within which any stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, delivered in purfuince of the

date of delivery,

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. ]2.

[180a

said last recited act, may be brought or sent to the commissionrs of stamp duties, at their head office, to be cancelled, on the Jems and 'according to the regulations in the said last recited act contained, shouli Policies rmy be extended: be ir therefore enacted, That, from and after the be brought to paflfing of this act, it shall be lawful for all and every person or oflice^to be P-^fons, to whom any stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, cancelled shall have been delivered in pursuance of the said act, bearing the

within fix. d^te of the delivery thereof by the proper officer, in the manner

months outlie in tyie faicj -c{ directed, to bring or send to be cancelled any such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, allowed by the said act to be cancelled, unto the commissioners of the stamp duties, at their head office, at any time within six calendar months after the date of the delivery thereof as aforesaid; and the said commidiotiers or their officers shall have the like authority as is in the said act contained, to cancel the policies so brought as aforesaid, and to exchange the same for other stamped vellum, parchment, orpiper, with stamps of the like value with the stamped vellum, parchment, or paper so cancelled, in like manner in every respect as if the same had been brought to be cancelled within the pe> iod prescribed by the said last recited act; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said last recited act as empowers the said of to cause any policy that shall have been made and subscribed on any ship or ships bound on a voyage outwards from any port or place in Great Britain, or any part, share, or interest therein, or arising.., thereout, or on any goods or merchandizes laden on board such

inTcfdayT ship or fh*Ps which shall be brought to be cancelled within ten after dtp ir- office days after the departure of such ship or ships from any such port or place in like manner, and under the like powers, as if such policy had been brought to be cancelled within t.en office days from the date of the first subscription, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XL. And whereas it is expedient, that the provifms in the said recited act, empowering the said of to make allowances for jiamps on policies of infur a nee, where the sum insured shall exceed the interest of the assured in any such policy, should be further extended: be it further enacted, That, from and after the parting of this onCa (Mm hit ca*c an^n^urance shall have been made on any ship, that

does not pro-s to ^l>'> Gn the body, tackle, apparel, ordnance, munition, ceed upon her artillery, boat, and other furniture thereof, or upon the freight voyage, or Of any ship, or in case any insurance shall be made on any goods, merchandizes, or other, effects laden or to be laden on board of any ship or ships, whether such ship or ships shall be specifically named in such policy or not, and it shall happen that any such ship so insured as aforesaid, shall not have proceeded upon the voyage insured, or that any goods, merchandizes, or other effects so insured as aforesaid have not been shipped on board any ship or ships, whether specifica'.ty named in the policy or not, or in case of any insurance made on any ship or on any freight, or on any goods, merchandizes, or other effects, the sum

insured

So much of lilt reeled act as empower* the

com ni(hoii-ers to cancel policies

ture of the vdtel, repealed.

If an infur-

upon goods that shall not have been shipped, See. the of may cancel the policies.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 72.

jnfured shall be found to exceed the interest of the assured 011 which the risk attached, and in case the separate interest of one person, or the joint interest of two or mce p erf ms: ffurcd in such policy, shall fall (hurt of the sum insured on such account by the (um of one thousand pounds or upwards where the duty payable thereon shall be at and after the rate of one Chilling and three-pence per contiun, or of five hundred pounds and upw ards, when the duty payable thereon shall be at and nf: c: ihe rate of two shillings and sixpence per centum, then and in every such case as aforefiitl, upon due proof on oath or affirmation to the satisfaction of the said of, or any one of them, that any such snip hath not proceeded upon the voyage insured, or that any such goods, merchandizes, or other effects aforesaid, have not been shipped on hoard any ship or ships, whether specifically named or not, and that no rilk hath, in either of such cases, attached, or on such due proof as aforesaid of the value of the interest, if any, allured in any such lb ip, fre: ght, goods, merchandize^, or other effects as aforesaid, on which any risk has attached, and on the production of thte policy whereby such insurance was made, and also on such duq proof as afore (hid being made of the bond side return of the premiums by the several underwriters or insurers on such policy, on account only of such, no risk, no interest, or short interest, as the case may be, or of the proportion of the premium so returned on any such account as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said of to make an allowance to the assured or affureds of the damps on any such policies, in respect of the sums thereby insured, when the whole of the premiums shall have been returned on any such account as aforesaid, or of such part of the sums thereby insured as shall be found to exceed the interest of the assured or affureds in any such policy; and the said of are hereby authorised and required to cancel any such policies, and to deliver other stamped papers or parchment of the value of the (lamps so allowed as aforesaid, in the manner in the said act directed with respect to policies brought to be cancelled: provided always, That no such allowance shall be made as aforesaid, in any calc where the interest of the assured or affureds in any such ship, or in any such freight, or on any such goods, merchandizes, or other effects, shall be valued in or by any such policy so brought to be cancelled as aforesaid.

XII. And whereas divers perfotis have in their pofffjion certain policies of insurance stamped in pursuance of certain acts of parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of the said recited act, and which policies of insurance were, and are, by the said last recited act, rendered useless and of no value whatever to the person s possessing the fa?ne: and whereas also divers perfotis have in their pojfffion many policies of insurance spoiled, obliterated, or rendered unfit for uf\ and allowed, according to the provisions of the said recited act, to be cancelled; but tnasmuch as the famey through inadvertence and undefign-edly have not been carried or sent 'to be cancelled within the period by the said recited act prescribed^ the of of flumps are noty by

6 S 7

Vol. XLII.

Y v

HOC

-623 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 7: [1 Sod.

the said act, \ author [fed to cancel such policies, or alhm jhmps to tki amount of the value thereof: and whereas it is cxpclcni that the [lit of fiozuld be empowered to cancel the said jhimped policies, and to provide other policies, /lamped according to the prsvifms of thi Pol'cics of in-y7?y/ i0j} rcCUed act: be it therefore enacted, That on the pro-, n, TX diction to the said commissioners of any policies of insurance, damped neemding to the provisions of any act or acts passed prior to the said last recited act, or of aTty such policies of alTur-ance tlampcJ in pursuance of the said last recited act, that shall not have been carried or sent to be cancelled within the period by the said ntft prescribed, and son due proof made to (he said of, in the manner in the said last recited act pre-ferihed, with respetf to policies of insurance brought to be cancel! d, that such damped vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon any such policy hath been written or printed, hath not been subscribed or underwritten by any person or person', or used for any other purpose or in any other manner whatsoever, it shall be lawful for the said commiOjoner^, and they are hereby required to cancel the same; and to framp, or cause to be (hmped, for the use of the pcifim or persons producing the same, any quantity cf other vellum, parchment, or paper, fit for the like uses, wi; h damps amounting to the like value, and to mark the date and and time of tile delivery thereof, in manner in the said last recited prescribed, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the same, any sum or sums of money, or other confederation whatsoever.

XIII. /hid whereas, by an cal pa [fed in the thirty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, certain leases of lands or tenements: f /mail value for a term not exceeding twenty-one years, are exempt: ! rwirs g-nnt from the duties granted cn deeds by the said eft, and doubts hv: 1: by hui re- cimfen on the ccrJlntition thereof; be it further enacted, Thu the

fur-nice stamp c-d according to thr )>)'- >vi-iio 'S or' net; p- ior to the lift ie i: ul act, an -! po-li: /: s x -n o. d Vicorc'ui to recited act, no* carried to be or'neelhvt within: tu* period t Vnri >y pr fen be; !.

Pi4. be can -celled by ti e cormniiiioners.

c.ted to t: tend to every dec-, yn.iich by n\ >y form, or is intend?*! to form, a put of any convey.UKc of limln eVC. whereby a greater intend Ih ill ne

'l'lruP.i

said duties granted by the said last recited aeft shall be to extend to every deed which by law may form, or is intended law to form, a part of any conveyance of lands or tenements, whereby a greater imereft in the lame dud! be conveyed than a term of twenty-nne years, whatever may be the value thereof; any thing in the said abt contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: provided always, That where, by reason of any such doubr, any vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any such deed a> a fore said in di have been eng roiled, written, or printed, shall rot have been duly damped according to the provisions of the fad com eytd than last recited act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the h term or said commissioners of damps, and they are hereby authorial,

tw nry-cne upCM1 the production thereof to the said of, or any

Inch'di'pds °[, e of r^c: T1i for {^Q purpose of being stamped according to the

pot ft inrned provisions of the said last recited act, at any time within twelve

r.grrre -bly months after the passing of this act, to cause such deed to he

stamped, upon payment of the duty by the said last recited act t^V'vgranted, without any penalty whatever; and every person con-,: rmn3 at ter cemed in engrossing, writing, or printing any such deed, or in p^ihng this making or executing the same, shall be, and is hereby freed, dif-

charjeJ,

hwt*

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 72.

charged, and indemnified from ail penalties and" forfeitures that shall have arisen, or may arise, in respect of any such deed.

XIV7. And whereas, by an act of parliament passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for c* granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on indentures of clerkships to solicitors and attornies in any of the courts in England, therein mentioned, it is enacted, That within the bills of mortality, from and after the fifth day of February one thou find seven hundred and ninety-f our, and in every other part of England and Wales from and after the tenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, there shall be rat fed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the uje of his Majesty, his heirs and successovs, for and in respect of every contract in writing made after the j'aid fifth and tenth days of February one then find seven hundred and ninety-four respectively, whereby any person shall become bound to serve as a chrk in order to his adthi(fieri as a /; Heitor or attorney in any of the courts of law or equity in the said a; i merit: in pur fiance of the

laws then iti force for the better regulation of solicitors and attoruies, divers rates and duties in the said act mentioned, and the in r.fares or other writings containing such contract, duly /tamped according to the directions of the said act, are required to be enrolled or rrgijlered with the proper ogffcer to be appointed for that purpefe, ly the court wherein such person shall prop fie to be afterwards admitted a so licit or or attorney by virtue of the fervid' under such contrail, together with an affidavit of the time of the execution of such contract by such clerk; and in case such indenture, or other writing, shall not be so enrolled or registered within six months next after tic execution thereof, together with such affidavit of the time of execution of such contra ft, then, and in such case, the service of such clerk under such indenture or writing shall be deemed to commence from the time of such enrolment or r eg fry only, and not from the execution of such indenture or writing; and whereas the said act did not receive the royal assent until the twenty-eighth day of March one thou fund seven bundled and ninety-four; end several persons were bound by indentures and writings made after the said fifth and tenth days of February respectively, and before the said twenty-eighth day of March; and which indentures and writings are charged with and liable to the said duties imposed by the said act, and no provision is therein made for the payment of the same, or for the enrolment or regijtry of such indentures and writings respectively: and whereas it is reasonable thatfome provision should be made for that purpefe-, therefore be it enacted, That any and every such indenture and writing, made after the said fifth and tenth days of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four respectively, and before the said twenty-eighth day of A larch in the same year whereon any such duty is by the said act required to be paid, shall and may, on payment of the duty thereby required, on or before the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, be stamped with the proper (lamp in that behalf, and the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties on llamped parchment, paper, and vellum, are hereby authorised and required to cause the same to be stamped accordingly.

y y 2 Digi XV.C-AMI

680

Geo. 3.

14, recueJ*

Ever}' indenture imde in the bills of mortality after Feb. 5. and in every other part of Fug-land and Wales after Feb. 10, 170 At and before Mar.2S, i; 94» whereon any duty is by the lait recited Act imposed, ir.sy, on payment of the duties on or before June i, 1S0:, be duly (tanked;

690

and may, v ithin three months after being lt.in.ped, br enrolled by the proper c After of the court, &e.

Com minion«e: i: t turnips; r. «\ cancel nilM'> pro-ft-U.eS or wills am: It'rcij of ab mini it ration, ami allow inch (lamps.

37 Geo. 3. c. 90, recited.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 72. [1800.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every such indenture and writing shall and may, at any time within three calendar months next after the same shall be so stamped by virtue of this act, be enrolled and registered by the proper officer of the court for that purpose, together with an affidavit of the time of the due execution of such contract, in manner directed by the said act, and such officer of the said courts is hereby required and authorised to enrol and register the same accordingly; and the service of every such cle; k shall be deemed and taken to commence according to the due execution of such indenture and writing; the said act, or any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-11 an ding.

XVI. And whereas it is expedient that the said consmiffuners of stamps should be empowered to allow to any person or per font, who shall have taken out any probates of any will dr letters of adminilratm, through any inadvertence or mistake, in any ecckft'i/hcol court or courts., the full value in other stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, of the amount of the flump duty on any of such probates or Utters of ad minify ation that ftjall have been rendered wholly useless and of no effect whatever, so as that no person or perfom jhdl pay thejlantp duty granted upon probates oj wills or letters of adminijl ration, by any all or acts slow in force, more than once upon any one will, or on the Janie property of any person dying intestate: be it therefore enacted, That where due proof on oath shall be made to such of of damps, to the satisfaction of the said of, (vvh-ch oath the said of, or any one of them, is hereby authorised to administer), that any will hath, through any inadvertence or mistake, been proved, or that any letters of administration have been taken out on the same property in more than one ecclesiastical or prerogative court, or more than once in any such ecclesiastical court, and that by reason thereof more than one flump duty shall have been paid thereupon, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such of, and they ate hereby authorised, upon delivery to them of any such useless probate or letters of administration as aforesaid to be cancelled, end on production of the valid probate or letters of admimlliarion that shall have been granted on any such will or propei ty as aforesaid, to cancel such useless probate or letters of administration, and to {lamp or mark, or cause to be stamped or maiked, or deliver any vellum, parchment, or paper, stamped with (lamps of the like denomination and value with the amount of any such probate or probates or letters of administration, with* out demanding or taking, directly or indirectly for the same, any sum of money or other consideration whatsoever.

XVII. And whereas many persons who, by an all pffed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Aiajcjlfs reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on thefevcol matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attornies, and other?, practicing in certain cour's of justice in Great Britain, are required to obtain and cuter certificates oj their enrolment) entry, admijpn, or

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 72.

691'

register, in the courts therein mentioned annually, between the first day of November and the end of Michaelmas term then next following have neglected or omitted so to do, through ah fence or inadvertency, and without any intention to defraud his Majesty of the Jail duties, and same actions have been commenced, and are depending, and other actions may be commenced against such per fens, to recover the penalties incurred by them: and whereas the recovery of all the penalties that may have been incurred in many of the said cases would be attended with the ruin of the fold parlies: and whereas it is expedient that same relief should be given in such cases: be it therefore enacted,

That where any person, who shall have neglected or omitted to Persons who obtain and enter his certificate at the time and in manner re- havent-trkvUd quired by the said acts, shall nevertheless have obtained and [j^les as"reentered, or shall obtain and enter, his certificate before or within tiua-ei| by ie-one calendar month after the passing of this act, in manner cited a it. and directed by the several acts passed relating to certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attornies, and others, practising in certain them^witivn'.-i courts of justice in Great Britain, then and in any such case every m0ntfc after such person shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and dif- passing this charged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, indcirmi-and disabilities incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason cf*hfs having neglected or omitted, previous to the passing of this act, to obtain or enter such certificate, and all acts done by any such person shall be of the same force and validity as the same or any of them would have been, if such person had obtained his certificate according to the directions of the said recited act of the thirty-seventh year aforesaid; and no action or actions shal), from and after the passing of this act, be commenced or prosecuted for any such neglect or omission as aforesaid, until after the expiration of the said one calendar month, and then only against any person or persons who shall not have obtained or entered his certificate as aforesaid; and in case any action or actions shall Persons, have been commenced before the passing of this act, against any 'hu'

person or persons for such neglect or omission, such person or j1; ive |)Cvll persons shall not be liable for such neglect or omiilion to the commenced paj*ment of more than the sum of one hundred pounds, and the b-1 pdfing informer or informers in such adtiun or actions shall not recover, n?

or be entitled to recover, more than such sum of one hundred

pounds, in any such action or actions, together with the coils of 100i, with suit; and the person or persons against whom any such action colts $ shall have been brought shall, upon payment into the court in which inch action or actions shall be brought, of the full sum of one hundred pounds, and upon payment to the informer or informers by whom any such action or actions shall have been brought, of the costs of suit, to be taxed according to ihe practice of such court, be wholly indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred by reason of any such neglect or omission as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained nothin? shall be'construed to extend to indemnify any person, again.! 'y' whom final judgement shall have been given 0: 1 or Lciore^hc; t

V Y g vitOt W'hoiU jlio^c-

6q2

merit Hiall have been given, on or before June j, )3co.

4- Geo. 3. c. 72, re-

tiled.

S'ngle demy pmtr not exec cciinv/ 30 inch' s and an half in knjrh. and no niches in breadth, may be lumped.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1800.

first day of June one thousand eight hundred, in any action in any of his Vj.tjesty's courts of recoid, for any penalty or penalties incurred by having neglected or omitted to obtain his certificate according to the directions of the said act.

XIX. And wh creas by an cu/, passed in the thirty-fourth year of his pnfciit Majesty's reign, intituled An act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's ft.unp duties to stampthe paper used for the printing new, papers thereon in (beets of single demy paper, in ft cad ot iheeis of double demy papery it was among other things provided, that no Sheet of single demy paper, /lamped in pur fume of the faitI la ft recited act, for the printing of new [papers, jhculd exceed tiverty-aght inches in length and twenty inches in breadth: and whereas it is expidient to permit the totnmijjisners and officers in the find aft a 'aliened, to damp and mark, in manner by the fold all di* reftc demy paper fr the purposes in the fetid aft mentioned, of

a larger j, e than in and by the said act is allowed: be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the pa fling; of this act, it shall be lawful for the said c->:n nifiioners and officers in the hid aft mentioned, and they arc* hereby authorised to (bmp and mark, in the manner in the said act directed, any single demy paper, not exceeding thirty inches and one half inch in length, and twenty inches in breadth; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for repealing the duties of excise on difiilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of British-made Jihints from Endu'd to Scotland, and for granting other duties in lien thereof; and for altering, amending, and cor tinning certain acts of parliament for tet regulation of difilUries in Scotland.

[July 9, ihoo.]

WHEREAS by the laws now in force certain duties of excise art V \ payable for or in respect cffills uf: J for difilling hiv ivim cr spirrts, and fur rectifying, confounding, cr mixing spirits for conjunction in Scotland, and aifto for making spirits for exportation frm England to Scotland; and a certain duty is now aijo payable for or in respect of Hi itihn spiriis, di/idled for consumption in Scotland, for cr in reggeft cf vnmahed grain ifed w difiliation in Scotland: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the]aid duties, and to imp: fc other duties in lieu thereof: may it therefore plenfe your Majesty that it iruy be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent fnajdty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpi* Fr mNove u-r*lui^ ar>d temporal, and commons in this present parliament h r, io, 1800. assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the present the tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, all and Junes on dif- singular the said duties shall ccafe and determine, and be no S iitV^nd to l°noer payable or paid; save and except the duties of six pounds rente, except anc^ ten shillings, imposed by several acts of the thirty third, Certain duties thirty-fifth, and thirty-seventh years of the reign of his present on Hills in the Majesty, on stills u'cd in distilling spirits in the highland district h.yhbnd dif- or Scotland; and fayc snej except in all cases relating to the reco-J', vering

l

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 73. 693

vering or paying of any arrears of the said duties hereby repealed, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture ielating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or, on the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, in lieu and pe ^r[\\ p>r in (lead of the said duties by this act repealed, there shall be each gallon of raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and the c-mteHt of successors, the several duties of excise herein after respectively mentioned; that is to say, For and upon each and every gallon herein-English wine measure, (and so in proportion for any less-quantity after mentioa-or measure), of the cubical content or capacity of each and every ed, viz. still, (including the head, and every part thereof, and of r.ny horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same, may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend, and until the top of the head shall turn downwards, and form an angle of forty-five degrees), which shall be used or employed for any or ei.her of the purpolos herein after mentioned; that is to say.

For the making or distilling of low wines or spirits for consumption in Scotland from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wash or liquor made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, (other than and except the highland distriift, as particularly specified and described in an act made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty), the annual sum of one hundred and eight pounds:

For the making or distilling of low wines or spirits for consumption in Scotland from meiafles or sugar, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, the annual sum of six hundred and seventy pounds:

For the making or distilling of low.wines or spirits for consumption in Scotland from foreign refused wines, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, (except includes and sugar), or any mixtiye therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, the annual sum of seven hundred and sixty pounds: and.

For the rectifying, compounding, or mixing in any part or place in Scotland, of any kind of spirits or strong waters for consumption in Scotland, the annual sum of one hundred and eight pounds: ,

For and upon every galion, English wine^measure, of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, (and so in proportion for any higher or lower degree of strength), which shall be made or distilled in any part or place in Scotland for consumption in Scotland, (not exceeding the number of gallon# of spirits herein-alter limited, and restricted to be distilled annually by or from each still), the sum of six pence, to be paid by the distiller of the said spirits, over and above the aforesaid duty on the content of the still, and the herein after mentioned duty on the worts or

Y Y 4

wash

For making fvvhb (o; cvnt in the h nfidmui diihidd)or confu morion in S-jotl -nd from Erithh livitcriais,

10SI. annually:

For making such ip'nts fro n r.ul. fT, s or in gar in any part of C>CU. 1 Aiid (j 7 d

and from other foreign m 1-tcrials 7 601.

and for rectifying any* kin t oflpirits 1 cS 1.

For each gallon of fp'.rus ofaccntiin strength (not

ev'cc.iing a limited number) nude for coniii .1 pi ion in Scotland»

6 d. above the duty on chi iti.l and oil

watn*

For ep.ch gallon of walii m ule* for consumptijn in Scotland (exetpt in the higM uni di Ariel) fi om Fritifn nrtte-)i lls, 2d. 2q.

For each g I-lon made: in any p u t of Scotian ! for eonUitv.piion in S. o iand Irora unvign mate rials,

2d. 2q.

For e.n h yd-Jon of !pi; its made in Fng-I uni and imported into ^cojand 3 s.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1800.

wash from which such spirits may be ormay have been made or

diddled:

For and upon every galion, EngVifh wine measure, of all worts or wash which shall be brewed or made in any part or place in Scotland, (other than and except in the highland difiriSaforefairf), for extracting spirits for consumption in Scotland from any malt, corn, grain, tilt, cyder, or perry, or other worts, wash, or liquor, made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, the sum of two-pence and one halfpenny, to be paid by the brewer, maker, or distiller thereof:

For and upon every galion, Eng/ifh wine measure, of all worts or v\aih \Vh; ch shall be brewed or made in any part or place in Scotland fer extracting spirits'for consumption in Scotland from melatks or sugar, or any mixture therewith, or from foreign refuted wines or foteign cycler, o< vvalh prepared from foreign materials, or any mixture therewith, the sum of two-pence and one halfpenny, to be pai by the brewer, maker, or distiller thereof:

For and upon every galion, Eng/ij1) wine measure, of spirits of a strength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and' so in proportion for any higher degree of strength, which shall be made or diddled in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, there shall be paid by the importer thereof, before the lan ling thereof, an excise duty of three (hidings.

*And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said ipii-its dif-u ? tenth day vf November one thousand eight hundred, -spirits made tilled in Knp- or distilled in Enghind for exportation to Scotland, under, subject, land for et- and according to the several rules, regulations, and reAricFons S-oth uTxc Prov^e<J by and contained in an act made in the twrntv-eighth o*rdin'T toS )'ear t*'e reign of his p refen Majesty, intituled, /hi act for dis-(0.o f c. 4^. continuing, Jor a limited time, the /everal duties payable in Scotland iu>t to be upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liprn wb Failed t*i^ere in1f)e d'jlillalion of spirits, and for granting to his Mvf hi England?^ other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exprtotitn of Briti fh-made ffirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England i and to continue, for a limited time, an act mdi in the tweny-fssth year of tm reign of his present MajriJs, to dtjeon-tinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines onJ spirits forborne consumption; and for granting and jicudng tk (tut payment of other duties in lieu thereof, and for the better regulation tf the making and vending British spirits; and for di /continuing, for a fruited time, certain impoJIs and duties upon rum and spirits impend from the West Indies, shall not be charged or chargeable in hg-land, with any diry vvh itever, either upon the content or capacity of the stili or stills which shall or may be used or employed in making the same, or upon rlie worts or wash from which Inch spirirs may or (ha! be made ordHtilledj any thing in this act, or in any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary in anyways

Duties to be FiOrvnfhibmding.

r o <ias pre-

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective fc/ibed by the du ies by this act imputed shall (except as is herein-aftcrexcepted,

1 ot

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 73. 692;

or otherwise directed or provided) he raised, collected, recovered, acts for the secured, and paid by such persons, at such times, in such manner, ^e5u, l: ltion and by such ways and means, and under such management, and scotiandS &c under and fuhjeCfc to such rules, regulations, conditions, penalties,

and forfeitures, and with such powerpf adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with and subject to such powers, and to the like rules and directions, and by such methods, and in such manner and form, (except as aforesaid), as by several acts, madevin the twenty-eighth, thirty-third, thirty-fifth, and thirty-seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland, and the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, or by any other act or aefts of parliament now in force concerning the several matters and things respectively for or in respect whereof any duty is by this act imposed, is directed or prescribed; and that all the provisions, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, and directions, mentioned and contained in the said acts respectively, (except as aforesaid), shall be practised and put in execution, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the several and respective duties by this act imposed', in manner in the said acts directed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and enacted in this act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising by Duties to be the duties by this act imposed, (the necessary charges for raising carr^ct?to tJc and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, 1 a 0 be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster;

and tire laid monies, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

VI. And whereas the monies arising from the respective duties

hereby repealed, were directed to be entered separate and apart in the books kept at the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer for a U nited time \ be it further enacted, That during the to be

period of ten years, to be computed from the patting of an act books of the'* passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Ma- auditor of the jetty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional exchequer as duties on AtjYilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of British- herein direct made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, there shall be separately entered in the books provided and kept in the said office of the auditor of the said receipt for the purposes aforesaid, at the end of every quarter of a year, ending on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, yearly, the proportions herein after mentioned of the duties hereby granted; that is to say,

There shall be reserved in the consolidated fund for the account exitting prior to the patting of an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, out of the duties hereby granted, one sixth part thereof; and that after reserving such' sixth part as aforesaid, one other sixth part of the said duties shall be entered in the separate account directed to be kept by several

Management or the duties.

No per Ton to tit up 3 Hill in Scotland, wit hunt a lienee on p»- nnltyofj ool. juui forfeiture of the Hill, &c.

Manner of

granting

licences.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 73.

[180a.

ii&s pa/Ted in the said thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and the remainder of the Card duties shall be entered in the separate account, directed to be kept by several acts passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, as the same shall arise at the end of each quarter.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the duties by this act imposed shall be under the management of the commissioners of excite in Scotland for the time being.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons whatever shall, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other person or persons whatever employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their life or benefit, erect, set up, use, employ, or woilc, any (till or flills for diddling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits from malt, corn, sugar or melasses, or any of the materials aforesaid, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of fpiiits orstrong waters, in any part of Scotland, without first taking out a licence for that purpose, in the manner herein after mentioned and directed, ten days atleoft before he, she, or they shall so erect, set up, use, employ, or work any such (till or (tills, on pain to forfeit five hundred pounds, together with all and every such fiiil and (tills, with the tubs and utensils thereto belonging, and all worts, wash, low wines, and spirits, and also all materials for brewing or manufacturing worts, wath, low wines, or spirits, or for rectifying or compounding spirits in the poflcfhon of such person or persons; and all and every such (till and (tills, tubs, utensils, worts, walbv low wines, spirits, and materials, shall and maybe seized by any officer or officers of excise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such licence shall be granted in the manner following; that is to say; If such licence shall be applied for to authorise the distiller or distillers, maker Or makers, reCiifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of spirits to whom the same shall be granted, to make, distil, rectify, or compound spirits within the limits of the chief office of excise in Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being, or of such person or persons as they the said commissioners of excise, or the major part of them for the time being, shall from time to time appoint for that purpose; but if such licence shall be applied for to authorise the distiller or distillers, maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of spirits, to whom the same shall be granted, to make, distil, rectify, or compound spirits in any part of Scotland not within the said limits, the same shall be granted under the hands ?nd seals of the colleger and supervisor of excise of the collection and district within which the same shall authorise (he distiller or distillers, maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of spirits, to whom the same shall be granted, to make, distii, rectify, or compound spirits; and such commissioners of excise, or two or more of them, and the person or persons to be appointed by the said commissioners of excise in Scotland) or the

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 73. 697

the major part of them, and also all such collectors and supervisors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant (without fee or reward) licences to the distiller or distillers, maker or makers, redtifier or redlitiers-, compounder or compounders of spirits, applying for and duly qualified to receive the lame, on his, her, or their rinding the security, and complying wirh the conditions herein after mentioned, and first paying info the hands of the proper officer of excise such proportion of the yearly rate or duty hereby imposed as herein after is directed, according to the content or capacity of the still or dills so to be erected, let up, made use of, employed, or worked as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That no such licence shall be No hcence to

granted to any diflilier or distillers, maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of spirits for consumption gjveo <or

in Scotland, until he, file, or they respectively shall have found fc- mentor the curity by bond to his Majesty in the penal sum of five hundred duty* pounds, with at least one sufficient surety, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, or the proper collector of excise, that he,

{he, or t^iey shall make due and regular payment of the whole annual duty by this act imposed on the capacity or content of his, her, or their (till or (tills so to be licensed as aforesaid, at the time and times, and in the manner herein after mentioned and directed, without any allowance, abatement, or deduction on account of any loss, accident, or interruption that may happen during the currency or period of such licence, except in or through the dc-strudion of the distillery, and total stoppage of the work by fire, or as is herein after excepted and provided.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every licence for the Continuance distilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits from °* licences, malt, corn, grain, or British materials in the lowlands of Scotland,

or from melasses, sugar, or other foreign materials, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of spirits in any part or place in Scotland, which shall be granted or renewed upon or after the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred*inclusive, shall be and continue in force from the said tenth day of Novemberjnc)\d{\v£ to the tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred and one exclusive, and for no longer or shorter period; and every such licence to be afterwards granted or renewed shall be and continue in force for one year from the tenth day of November yearly, and for no longer or shorter period.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, upon or previous to the Manner of granting of any such licence for the diddling, making, or manu-fatfluring oflow wines or spirits from malt, corn, grain, or British licences, materials in the lowlands of Scotland, or from melasses, sugar, or

other foreign materials, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of spirits in any part or place in Scotland, the person or persons applying for the same shall, before he, she, or they be entitled to such licence, pay down in advance in ready money to the proper officer of excise, one-twelfth part of the annual duty by this act imposed for or in respect of the capacity or content of his, her, or their still or dills specified in such licence,

Ptmlty of

paying thtr 1 ra nee <iuty duly.

698 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1800.

for one year, computed as aforesaid; and shall afterwards, at or before the end of every month, pay down in ready money in advance as aforesaid, another twelfth part of the said yearly duty payable for or in respect of such still or ft ills, until the whole thereof shall be fully paid, over and above the sum paid in advance at the time of granting such licence.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons licensed as aforesaid shall negleds, delay, or refute to pay the licence duty imposed by this act for or in respect of the capacity or content of his, her, or their licensed still or ftilis, or any part thereof, in advance in the manner, and at the time or times herein-before directed, every such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose his, her, or their still or ftilis, and all'o the sum of five hundred pounds; which still or ftilis shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise. Penalty for

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons erecting any in any part or place in Scotland shall erect, work, or make use of thanV edified an^ ot^CF^or Mis except such as shall be specified in his, her, in the lTceiice. or l^e'r'cence or licences, whether of the same or of a different*description, capacity, or content, either in the body, or in the head, or any other part thereof, than shall have been so specified, such still or ftilis shall he forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; and every such person or persons shall also forfeit and loie for every such offence the sum of five hundred pounds.

Licences may

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

ricking ftilis wrtliin the highland dif-trrct, upon payment of tin: old duty.

be granted for commissioners of excise in Scotland to grant licences to all persons applying for the same, and duly recommended and qualified, to erect, keep, and work ftilis for distilling from barley, beer, or big, in the highlands of Scotland, within the respective counties, parts of counties, and limits particularly specified and described, in the before mentioned acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, as the highland district, and as contradistinguished from the intermediate distri#, herein after mentioned, and from the lowlands of Scotland, for one year, from the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred inclusive, to the Tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred and one exclusive, and so from year to year thereafter, upon payment of the same, and no higher yearly rate ot duty for or in respect of the capacity or content of the ftilis specified in such licences, to which distillers in the said highland district were subject and liable under the a$s of the thirty-third, thirty-fifth, and thirty-seventh vears of the reign of his present Majesty, and also subject to and upon the same terms, conditions, regulations, redactions, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, as were contained in the said act of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of lbs present Majesty, and in the before-mentioned a$s of the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, or any of them, favc and except as is hereia-after excepted or altered.

XVI. M

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 73. 699

XVI. And whereas by the said act of the thirty-fevetith year of the 37 Geo. 3. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his c# Ic*'recit£tk Majesty additional duties on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland* herein particularly described, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective dill riels in Scotland, it was enabled, That allfills to be licensed to be ft up in any other part of the highlands of Scotland, as described in an add of the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty,

{except the counties, parts of counties, and places in the said add of the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty particularly (peased and de-ferihed)^ tdd be licensed for the term therein mentioned, on payment of the compcftiisn or licence duly, at and after the rate of six pounds and ten fillings, in addition to the duties already imposed thereon by any all or edds in force before the pafjv.g of the said act; and certain ether provisions and regulations were therein, and in the a fore said act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, made in relation to f ills and dislilurs within the line or boundary betwixt the loivland or southern and the highland or northern difir Uls of Scotland, and commonly called or known by the name of the Intermediate Distriil; and whereas it is now expedient and uecessary to dljcontinue\and abohjh the diJlincVion thereby introduced and ijlahlished: be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said tenth j]ay of November Tram Herein-one thousand eight hundred, the duties by the said acts imposed b*-r 10, .8 c, or continued on hills to be licensed and set up or used within the aforesaid intermediate district, and all the regulations, pro vi lions, by recited ndt clauses, matters, and things speciaiiy regarding the said distritft, on stills with-shall be, and they are hereby repealed, from and after the said in the inter-tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred; and that, from and after the said day, all and every person and persons who, ?nct the Tills*within the said intermediate district, shall brew or make worts thereinfubjtd or wash for distillation, or who shall (lift'd low wines or spirits, to t^e same or who shall use or employ any still or stills for distilling wash, low wines, or spirits, or for rectifying, compounding, or mix- iantis# ing spirits within the said district, shall be subject and liable to the same duties, regulations, provisions, conditions, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as is or are imposed or provided by this act, or by any former act or acts of parliament, in the case of distillers or stills in the lowlands of Scotland not by this ect repealed; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in anyways notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when the licence duty, Licence duty at and after the yearly rate of one hundred and eight pounds, 1 bfc held the shall be paid for or upon each gallon of the cubical content or Jab^quantTllcs capacity of a still in the lowlands of Scotland, such duty shall be spirits. held to be the licence duty on the spirits manufactured in such

still for and during one year, from and after the day on which such licence shall commence aVid take effect, at the rate of two thousand and twenty-five galions, and no more, English wine measure, of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof for each gallon content of such still; that when the licence duty, at and after the yearly rate of six hundred and seventy

poundsna|p

VjUtJgIA-

7oa

A doty to be p iid fur every gallon dikil-7ed above the lighted quantities.

Officers of cxeife to take an account of stock of tii'tillers for c>r»lUmptio; i

Anno re^ni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1800.

pounds, frail be paid for or upon each gallon of the cubical content or capacity of a stili in any part or place of Scotland^ such duty shall be held to be the licence duty on the spirits manufactured in such iliii for and during one year, from and after the day on which-such licence shall commence and take effe^ at the rate of four thaufnnd and fifty galions, and no more, English wine meuft; re, of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, for each gallon content of such fill!; that when the licence duty, at n-d after the yearly rate of (even hfindred and sixty pounds, shall be paid for or upon each gallon of the cubical content or capacity of a fiill in any part or place in such duty shall be held to be the licence duty on the spirits manufactured in such fiill for and during one year, from and after the day on which such licence dial) commence and take effects, at the rate of three thousand six hundred and forty-five galions, and no more, English wine mcafuie, of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, for each gallon content of such fiill; and that when the licence duty, at and after the yearly rate of six pounds and ten shillings, shall be paid for and upon each gallon of the cubical content or capacity of a fiill in the highland fiftric), such duty shall be held to be the licence duty on the spirits manufactured ih such fiill, for and during one year from and after the day on which such licence shall commence and take efivcl, at the rare of fifty-two galions, and no more, English wine mca'urc, of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof for each gallon content of such fiill; and when any such licence duties shall be respectively paid for any (hotter period ot time than one year, (not being less than one calendar month), the like proprotions- dial) be observed respectively, as to the quan-tity ct spiriis for which such licence duty shall be held to have been paid, according to the full content or capacity of each and every such fiill; and that for and upon ail spirits which shall be mr.nufaciured from any such licensed (tills respectively, during one year as aforesaid, over and above the respective quantities aforesaid, for each gallon content of each such fiill, and in and according to the lame proportions for and during any {hotter pi-riod, (not being less titan one month as aforesaid), there shall lie paid on demand, by every such distiller, the sum of three shillings for every gallon of such surplus spirits of the strength aforesaid, which shall be difiilled from malt, corn, or British materials; of four shillings and nine-pence, for every gallon of such lurphts spirits of the strength aforesaid which shall be distilled from meiafles or sugar; and of five shillings and nine-pence, for every gallon of such surplus spirits of the strength aforesaid, which shall be distilled from other foreign materials, over and above the said respective licence duties, and all other duties whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the officers of excise fimll once in every calendar month at the least, and oftenerwhen it shall appear necessary, or when directed by any principal or general officer of excise, or by the surveyor or supervisor of the distriefj take an account of the stock of spirits in the possession of

all

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii II. c. 7^. 1

all distillers for consumption in Scotland\ and if on taking such in Scotland, account the quantity of spirits found in any such flock, added to: JKi c'urf the quantity for which permits shall have been granted, shall be iul found to exceed the quantity of spirits which ought only to have been made and diddled by such difliller from any licensed flilf according to its size during the said period, and according to the porportions herein-before respectively established and allowed, such excess shall be immediately charged at and after the aforesaid T3te of three shillings, four shillings and nine-pence, or five shillings and nine-pence respectively, as the case may require, for every gallon of such surplus spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof; and such duty shall he paid on demand by the difliller, over and above all other duties, on pain of forfeiting for every refusal or neglect to make such payment, the sum of ten shillings for each and every gallon of such surplus spirits.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if tFie quantity of spirits If the qnui-

computed at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, jT/ which shall he produced to the proper officer or officers of excise, ^Of 5^by any difliller or dillillers of spirits, and actually charged with per gallon the duty of sixpence for every gallon thereof, shall at the end of shall bechyrg-the year for which any such licence as aforesaid shall have been what

granted, or sooner termination of such licence, be found to fall i£<nHnto short of the quantity of spirits which ought to have been pro- be, the duced and charged with the said duty according to the proportions ciency ih ill be herein-before mentioned, then and in every such case such defi- ch: iTed w, LII ciency shall be immediately charged at and after the rate cf fix- 1 lc cmt* pence for every gallon of spirits so deficient as aforesaid, to be

paid by the difliller for or in respect of such deficient quantity of spirits, on pain of forfeiting the sum often ("hillings for each and every gallon so deficient, in default of making such payment as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Licences may tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, it shall and £*ven UP may be lawful for any person or persons licensed by the said

J'rf r 'r*r\ i i .* 11 -limit r (Clv«UU

of of excise to erect, keep, and work any {till or conditions, flills for the diddling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits from malt, corn, grain, or British materials in the lowlands #f Scotland, or from melasses, sugar, or other foreign materials,

*or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of spirits in any part or place in Scotland, or for any person or persons licensed by the said commissioners of excise to erect, keep, and work dills for diddling from barley, beer, or big in the highlands of Scotland, to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences to the said of, or to the proper supervisor or surveyor of the distri#, or officer of the division, to be vacated upon the condition herein after expressed, and at the time herein after particularly mentioned; that is to say. Every such person or persons intending to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences to'|be vacated, shall give to the said of, supervisor, surveyor, or officer,

fifteen

joz

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii IIIl c. 73. [1800.

' fifteen days previous notire in writing signed by such person or persons of such intention before lie, (he, or they shall be entitled to discontinue the working of his, her, or their (till or dills licensed as aforesaid; and thereupon the said of, super\ifor, surveyor, or officer shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised to vacate the said licence or licences, but not sooner than at and from the end of any one calendar month for which time the licence duty has been actually paid in advance by such person or persons; and in that case the proportion of the licence duty payable for or in respect of such still or {fills for the unexpired time of his, her, or their licence or licences, during which the working of the said still or Hills shall be discontinued, shall not be charged or chargeable upon, or payable or paid by, such person or persons who shall have given such notice as afore- laid, and have ceased to work such still or stills from and after the

limespecified in such notice; but the flock of spirits then remaining on hand of such distiller or distillers shall be taken by the proper officer of excise; and if on balancing the account thereof as aforesaid, any excess shall he found above the proportions herein-before mentioned, or any deficiency therefrom shall be discovered, the same shall be immediately chargeable and charged with at and after the rate respectively herein-before mentioned, on the event of a surplus or deficiency, as the case may require, and the same shall be forthwith paid by such distiller or distillers under the penalty aforesaid,

No alteration

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after to be made in any licensed still has been gauged and measured, and its capacity ftiH without or C0])tent ascertained by the proper officer of excise, no alteration or addition shall be made tltereon or thereto, either in the body or in the head, or any part thereof, for and during one calendar month at the Jcast, nor even then or afterwards, but at the beginning of each month, nor without previous notice in writing, signed by the distiller, being given to such officer at least three days before such alteration or addition is attempted to be made, on pain of forfeiting the sum cf five hundred pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the officers of excise, and each and every of them, shall be and they are hereby autfyo-rifed and empowered, and have right, by night or by day, to enter into, and continue in every still house or other place made use of by any distiller, or maker, or re&ifier, or compounder of spirits for home consumption in any part of Scotland, for making, keeping, brewing, or distilling worts, wash, low wines, or spirits, or for rectifying or compounding spirits, and alf'o to examine every still, and the materials therein, if not at work; and if at work, to stay and continue in such still house or place, until such still shall be wrought off, and then to examine the same, and what materials were wrought therein, and alsotore-guage or re-meaftne any still or ft ills, or the head or heads, or any part thereof, so as to discover whether any alteration or addition has been made thereon or thereto, without such notice as aforesaid; and in case any such distiller, reflifier, or compounder,

previous notice, on penalty ot500!

o

Officers of excise may enter into Itill houses, &c. by night or day to examine.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 73, 703

pounder, shall refuse to permit such officer of excise to enter into Penalty of or to continue in his or her still house or other place aforesaid, or to make such examination as aforesaid, or to re-guage or re- mjt them to measure any still or stills for the purpose aforesaid, or shall ob- enter, &c. struci or hinder such officer in the due execution of any part of his duty, in every such case such distiller, rectifier, or corn- pounder, shall for every such offence forfeit and Jose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the FromNovenj* said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, every distiller of spirits in the lowlands of Scotland for home consump- the ]owjar)^s'tion shall, five days at the leaf! before he or she shall begin to to make pre-; brew any corn or grain, or to prepare or mix any other materials vious entry of for the making of worts or wash to be distilled into low wines or spirits, make a true and particular entry in writing, at the j^n^ron!*

' next office qPexcise within the limits whereof his or her still house penalty of: is or shall be situated, of all places, coppers, tuns, backs, coolers, aool.

; stills, casks, vessels, and other utensils, which he or she shall make use of for the brewing, mixing, fermenting, working, distilling, holding, laying, or keeping any malt, corn, grain,

- cyder, perry, sugar, melasses, or other materials or ingredients for brewing or making worts, wash, low wines, or spirits; and in such entry shall specify the particular use and purpose to and for which each such place, vessel, or utensil is intended to be applied and appropriated; and if any such distiller shall neglect to make such entry, specifying as aforesaid, he or she shall for every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no such distiller who No dhtdler shall have made such entry as aforesaid, shall be permitted to h°8*n\ryraW withdraw his or her entry whilst any worts, wash, low wines, whilst any or other materials preparing or fit for distftlation, are remaining materials for in any of the places, or in any of the utensils so by him or her distillation respectively entered as aforesaid; but in every such case the fn^i^ntered officers of excise under whose Purvey such distiller shall then be, place or uten-shall continue to survey the places and utensils mentioned in lib, hut the* each such entry until all the worts, wafll, low wines, and other e\c»feofficer materials shall be worked off*, and the duties charged on the said far°"ynue worts or wash, and on the spirits the produce thereof, or until t; ij the mate-the same shall be removed from and out of the said entered rials are workplaces, and than, and not till then, shall any such entry made as of Torre* aforesaid, be withdrawn. moved.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every such distiller Distillers shall shall be, and he or she is hereby required to shew to the officer the

of excise who Purveys his or her distillery, every still, copper, tun, jjn ftA!? £c wafll back, cooler, cask, or other vessel or utensil so entered as which hVthall aforesaid; and he the said officer is hereby required to mark the mark, same with a particular, distin£, and durable mark; and every stills, See. not still, copper, tun, walh back, cooler, cask, or other vessel or*marked to be utensil which shall at any time or times be used by any such deemed unen-distifler without being so shewn or marked, shall be deemed atcred*

Vol. XLII. Z z vessel

704 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 75. [1800.

Penalty 0/50l. vessel or utensil of which no entry has been made; and if any mark*aC, nfi Person or Persons whatsoever shall at any time or times after such .'(till, copper, fun, wash back, cooler, calk, or other vessel or

utensil, shall have been so marked by such officer as aforesaid, rub out or deface any such mark so fixed upon any such (fill, copper, tun, wash back, cooler, cask, or other vessel or utensil, by such officer as aforesaid, be, she, or they so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds. From Novem- XXtfl.-And be it further enacted, That every such distiller dMi^le^s\8n0,n ^e'lowlands of Scotland, from and after the said

" the Rowlands tent^ °* November one thousand eight hundred, shall, twelve to give 12 hours before he or she shall begin to mix, mash, or brew any hoursprevious malt or grain, melasses or sugar, or other materials, tobefer-hitendon^or mentec* or made inio worts or wash, or to prepare worts or wash mix materials for 'distjllation, give to the proper officer of excise under whole &c. on penalty survey he or she shall then be, a notice in writing, specifying of 50l. therein the particular time and hour when he or she intends so to begin to prepare, mix, or mash, and the true quantity or weight of malt, and of unmalted grain, and of meJasses, sugar, or foreign materials, intended to be prepared, mixed, or roafbed, as the case may require; on pain of forfeiting for every neglect of giving such notice, and specifying as aforesaid, the sum of fifty pounds.

From Novem-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every wash baric ber 10, 1800, which, from and after the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred shall be used or kept by any distiller of spirits in the lowlands of Scotland for home consumption, shall have a hole or dipping place in the top, and also a brass cock in the middle thereof, and every such wash back shall be so placed and constructed as that the officer of excise may be conveniently enabled to take his dip or gauge at such hole or dipping place at the top thereof, and to draw off a sample of the wash therein; and if any such distiller shall keep or use, any wash back, without such hole or dipping place at the top, or such cock in the middle thattheoificer thereof, or shall have, keep, or use, any wash back so placed or may conveni- constructed as that the officer of excise cannot conveniently be ently take his enabled to take his dip or gauge, or to take such sample as afore-o?^ampleW or for every such offence forfeit and lose the

on penalty of fom of fifty pounds.

50l.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no such distiller

No such dif- shall have or keep any private pipe, flop cock, or other private tiller shall # conveyance by which any worts, wash, or other liquors fit for diffil* keep any pri- ]ation may conveyed from one back or other vessel to another, whidT^quors or from any such back or ot^er veffd to his or her still or (fills, fit for diitilla- or into any other place; nor shall have or keep any hole other tion may be than as aforesaid, in any such back or wash back, by which any conveyed from worts? waQi, or any other liquor fit for distillation may be con* another on° veye^ into or out of such back or wash back, or any of them;

bn pain to forfeit for every such pipe, flop cock, conveyance, and bole, the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXIX. And for the better discovery of all privete pipes, ftp

Why

every walli back for distilling in the lowlands for home consumption to have a hole in the top and a brass cock in the middle, and be so placed

penalty of tool.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 73-. 705

cccks, and other private conveyances or utensils \ be it further en<-

acted, That it (half and may be lawful to and for the officers of Officers of

excise or any of them, in the day rime, and in the presence of a excise in the

constable or other lawful officer of the peace, (who is hereby

quired to be aiding and assisting the rein), on request first made, £?ace officer

and cause declared, to break up the ground in any distilling may break up

house, or the ground near adjoining, or any wall, partition, or£round to

cither place, to search for any such pipe, stop cock, or any other priv^e^Spe"

private conveyance or utensil; and upon finding such pipe or *'

other conveyance, to break up the ground, house, wall, or other partition or place through or into which any such pipe or other conveyance shall lead; and to break up or cut any such pipe or other conveyance, and to turn any cock or cocks, to try

and examine whether such pipe or other conveyance may or can

convey any worts, waft, or other liquors fit for distillation out

of one back or vessel, into another, or from any such back or vessel into any still or stills, or into any other place.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no such distiller shall No such dif-crest, set up, have, or keep any trunk, or any other close vessel

or utensil, for receiving, keeping, or making worts, waft, or ^cy Other materials preparing or fit for distillation, on pain to forfeit ceiving ma-for every such trunk, or other close vessel or utensil, so ete&ed, terials for differ up, had, or kept, the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the the tone and said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, no worts,0ol. waft, or tilts, or other liquor or preparation for the distilling of vort for spirits for home consumption in the lowlands of Scotland, shall be diltiHing for put into tire (till, or otherwise removed from the back or vessel home conn, wherein the same was or were fermented, until the same shall the lowlands have been gauged, and the duty charged thereon by the proper to Wpatinao officer of excise; and if any'distilJer stall, contrary to the direc- theffiUorre-tions of this a<_ % put into any stili, or otherwise remove or moved from cause to be removed, any such worts, waft, tilts, or other cental till liquor or preparation, from the back or vessel wherein the same the duty be was or were fermenting or fermented, before the same stall have charged, on been gauged, and the duty charged thereon, such distiller stall penalty ot for every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred 100'pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Worts frau-said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, no dulently reworts, waft, tilts, or low wines, in the possession of any distiller to be*-of spirits in any part or place in Scotland, shall be removed or forfeited, and taken away from his or her entered and licensed distillery, nor the party to stall any worts, waft, or tilts be deposited, hid, or concealed in forfeit tool, any place whatsoever, with intent to defraud the duty; and when

and so often as any worts, waft, tilts, or low wines stall be removed or taken away, or any worts, waft, or tilts stall be deposited, hid, or concealed, contrary to the trfre intent and meaning of this act, such worts, waft, tilts, and low wines respectively, stall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be fciied by any officer of excise; and over and beside such forfeiture,

Officers may take samples of wort on paying for the lame.

and of spirits in flock.

Distillers to produce to the officer certain quantities of spirits for certain quantities of wadi, or be chargeable for the deficiencies at certain rates.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1800.

such distiller so removing or taking away any worts, wash, tilts, or low wines, or so depositing, hiding, or concealing any worts, wash, or low wines, or causing the same so to be removed, taken away, or deposited, hid, or concealed, and the person or persons employed so to remove or take away, or so to deposit, hide, or conceal the same, or who shall receive the same, shall severally forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the officers of excise shall, and they are hereby empowered, as often as to them or any of them shall seem expedient, to take a sample or samples, of all worts, wash, or other liquors in the possession of any distiller or distillers, either in the coolers, wash backs, or other vessels or utensils whatsoever, or before the same shall be coq- j veyed into the wash (till or stills, not exceeding at any one time ] one gallon of such worts, wash, or other liquors from each such cooler, wash back, or other veil'd or utensil, on paying for the same, if demanded, after the rate of two shillings by the gallon of such worts, wash, or other liquors.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may

be lawful for any officer or officers of excise to take a sample or samples of low wines or spirits in the flock or possession of any distiller or distillers, not exceeding half a pint out of each calk or vessel, paying for such sample, if demanded, at and after the rate of six shillings by the gallon. I

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every'distiller in 1

the lowland of Scotland shall, for every one hundred gallons of

waftt prepared from malt, corn, grain, or any sort of British 1

materials, or any tnixture therewith, for extracting spirits for consumption in Scotland, found in his or her custody, produce to the proper officer of excise, at least eleven gallons English wine measure, of spirits of the strength of^one to lenover hydrometer proof; that every distiller in any part or place in Scotland shall, for every one hundred gallons ot wash prepared from melaffesor sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for consumption in Scotland, found in his or her custody, produce to the said officer at least twenty«two gallons English wine measure, of such spirits of the strength aforesaid \ that every distiller in any part or place in Scotland shal), for every oqe hundred gallons of walh prepared from any other foreign materials, or any mixture therewith, for extracting' spirits for consumption in Scotland, found in his or her custody, produce to the said officer at least twenty galions, English wine measure, of spirits of the strength aforesaid; and that every distiller in the highland distriA of Scotland shall, for every one hundred gallons of waffi prepared from barley, bear, or bigg of the growth of the said highlands, or any*mixture therewith, found in his or her custody, produce to the said officer at least fix gallons English wine measure of spirits of the strength aforesaid; and that in every case where the spirits extracted by any such distiller respectively, and produced to the proper officer of excise, and actually charged with the duty by this act imposed of sixpence for every galion, shall fall short of

/ the

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 73. 707

the respective proportions herein-before mentioned, every such distiller shall, and he or she is hereby made chargeable with and shall pay at and after the rate of one shilling and sixpence for every gallon of spirits in which the deficiency (half be discovered, shall have been made or distilled from malt, corn, or British materials; of three shillings and nine-pence, if the spirits in which the deficiency shall be discovered shall have been made or distilled from melasses or ftigar; and of four shillings and eight-pence, if the spirits in which the deficiency shall be discovered, shall have been made or distilled from other foreign materials; and if default shall be made in such payment, the distiller making such default shall forfeit ten shillings for every gallon of such spirits so deficient.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Distillers in laid tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, all and the lowlands every person whatsoever, who shall make or distil low wines or famption to"* spirits in the lowlands of Scotland for home ednfumption, shall be, make monthly and he or she is hereby required to make monthly and every upon oath a month, upon oath before the proper supervisor or surveyor of the return. of the district in which his or herdistillery is carried on, (and which wortHhey oath such supervisor or surveyor is hereby authorised and em- have powered from time to time to administer), a true and particular distilled, &c. entry or return in writing, of the quantity of worts, wash, or on penalty of other materials which he or she shall have distilled or made into°°9spirits, and of the quantity of spirits which he or she shall have

made or difiilied, within such month respectively; and also of the true and exact number of times which he or she shall have actually charged and worked his or her still or Hills in each day of twenty-four hours, within such month respectively, on pain to forfeit for every neglect or refusal to make monthly and every month such true entry or return upon oath, specifying the several particulars aforesaid, the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the officers of ex- Officers to cife shall monthly and every month make a return to the com- make a missioners of excise or such person as they shall appoint, of all monthly re-the worts or waft, and of all the distilled spirits taken account commUTioners of by them, and charged with duty; which return shall be aoftheworti charge upon the brewer, maker, or distiller thereof respectively and spirits

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such tal*c" an

brewer, maker, or distiller, who shall not pay and clear off the whfchVali be duty by this act ifnposed upon such worts or wash, and upon a charge upon distilled spirits, or either of them respectively, within one week the distiller. after he or she shall have made or ought to have made his or her If duty be not entry thereof as aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit and lose double paid within a the amount of the said duty not so paid. emrv double

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That so much and such tj, e amount to parts of two acts of parliament, made in the thirty-eighth and be paid, thirty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and which So much of were to continue in force until the tenth day of November one 3s Geo. 3. thousand eight hundred, as are not herein-before expressly al- c. 9Qe*nd. tered, repealed, or changed, or are not repugnant thereto, shall c?7$. as is

z. z. 3 ^. not hereby ah

708

tered, shall be continued in force from November 10* j8oo.

From Novem-ber io, 1800, tojuly 1, 1801, a duty at the rate cf 316l. to be paid for each gallon of the content of Kills used in Scotland, for distilling spirits for home consumption from melaifes or sugar.

Such duty* to be held to be the duty for a certain quantity of spirits, and 38. per gallon to be paid for the excess.

On spirits delivered after November 1, 1800, on contrails made befope the dp-

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1800.

be, and they are hereby, from and after the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, continued in full force and effect.

XL. And whereas it is expedient to allow for a limited time tie distillation of spirits from melasses or sugar at a reduced rate of duty, be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon each and every gallon English wine mca-sure, (and so in proportion for any less quantity or measurej, of the cubical Content or capacity of each and every still, (including the head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend, and until the top of the heajJ shall turn downwards and form an angle of forty-five degrees) which shall be used or employed for the making or distilling of low wines or spirits for consumption in Scotland from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, a Turn at and after the yearly rate of three hundred and sixteen pounds^ any thing in this act or in any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary in anyways notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, until the said first day of July one thousand eight hundred andone, when the before-mentioned licence duty, at and after the yearly rate of three hundred and sixteen pounds shall be paid for or upon each gallon of the content or capacity of a still in any part or place in Scotland-such duty shall be held to be the licence duty on the spirits manufactured in such still for and during one year, from and after the day on which such licence shall commence and take effect at the rate of four thousand and fifty gallons and no more, English-wlns measure, of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof for each gallon content of such still \ and for every gallon of spirits at the strength aforesaid, which during the said period shall be found to exceed the above mentioned proportion, there shall be charged and paid on demand by the distiller who shall make or produce the same, the sum of three shillings over and above all other duties, on pain of forfeiting for every neglect or refusal to make such payment the sum of ten shillings for each and every gallon of such surplus spirits.

XLII. And whereas contracts may have been made for the sale of British spirits before the same shall have been charged, or become chargeable with the duties by this act impefsd; be.it therefore enacted, That in all cases where any spirits whereon the duties by this act imposed shall be charged, shall be after the first day of Nmmber one thousand eight hundred, delivered in pursuance of such contracts or sale^, it shall be lawful for the dtftiWers, reftjfiers, pr compounders of such spirits, delivering the same, to charge so

mMcl'

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 74. 709

much money as shall be equivalent to the duties by this act im- ties under this posed in respect thereof, in addition to the price of such spirits, and such distiller, rectifier, or compounder, shall be entitled by their amount virtue of this, act to demand and be paid the same accordingly, may be added

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, to the price, and forfeitures by this act imposed, shall be sued for, recovered, Recovery and levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and sucessors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall s

discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the 12 Car. a. powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, c* H*toex-and things, which, in and by an act made in the twelfth year to thu of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for \*taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to iris Majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, colieding, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, shall be practised and put in execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, colieding, mitigating, recovering, and paying the duties hereby granted as fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

XLV. And be it further enadec?, That nothing in this act Ad not to contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to alters and 40 repeal or alter an act, or any part thereof, made in the present Geo. session of parliament, intituled An act to continue, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an act made in this present session of parliament, to prohibit the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, or other sort of grain, or from meal, four, bran, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

or

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for amending several acts for regulating the price and assize of bread.

[July 9, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, and by several subsequent acts, for regu- 3l Geo. a. fating the price and assize of breads it is enabled, That the ajfvze andent weight of the several sorts of bread shall be Jet according to the tables acts^r^egu-in the said acts contained: and whereas fourteen shillings and sixpence lating the is the bigheftfum mentioned in the said tables <* the price of a bushel Price and af-

7io Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 74.

[1800,;

of wheat, together with the baker's allowance for baking \

and doubts way arise whether the courts, or person or persons now au- j

thorised by the said acts to set and ascertain, within their several juris-

di ft ions, the assize and weight of all sorts of bread made for salt sr

exposed to sale, may continue to do the same when the price of tit

bu/hel of wheat, together with the baker's allowance for baking, shall

exceed the said sum of fourteen shillings and sixpence: may it there-

The assize fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted and weight by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice

be fTwhat^ an(* con^ent l^e l°r(k fptdtual and temporal, and commons,

ever the price *1S PrcJent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

of wheat may same. That it shall and may be lawful for all courts, and person

be, the pro- or persons duly authorised, to continue to set and ascertain, within

9 portions of their several jurisdictions, the assize and weight of all forts of the recited11 bread made for sale or exposed to sale, whatever the price of the

aftsbeing ob- bushel of wheat may be: provided always, That infetting and

served accord- ascertaining the same, such courts, or person or persons respect

ing to the ih- tively, duly observe the proportions of the several tables contained

ImJpvMfrhpn l^lc a<^s* according to the true intent and meaning of the annexea cne- schedule tQ thjg ad annexed#

37 Geo. 3.

II. And whereas by an act made in the thirty seventh year of tht c. 98, recited, reign of his present Majesty, relative to the assize and making of bnci to be sold in the city of London and the liberties thereof am within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Ex- I change, fourteen shillings and nine-pence halfpenny is the light/ price mentioned in the table contained in the said oft as the price of <t bushel of wheat, and one hundred and ten shillings as the higbefl price of the Jack of flour, together with the baker's allowance for baking The court of the same respectively: be it therefore further enabled, That it shall mayor and be lawful for the court 6f mayor and aldermen of the city of London^y London, on every Tuesday if the said court shall then fit, and if set the assize court &aH not then fit, for the lord mayor of the said city

-and weight for the time being, to continue to set and ascertain the assize and of brend, weight of all sorts of bread made for sale, or exposed to sale, -riceof wheat Wlt^n the of their jurisdiction under the said act, whatever or flour may l|?e Pnce of bushel of wheat or sack of flour may be: probe. v'ded always. That in setting and ascertaining the same, such

court or lord mayor duly observe the proportions contained in the tables in the said act as near as can be.

The penilt es J[f. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the pe-b^ead^deficient na*cs anc* forfeitures enacted and prescribed by the said several, in weight, or acts> aga»nft such persons as shall fell any bread deficient in higher than weight, or at higher prices than accord ng to the assize that Hal! the assize be set rhereon, shall be in full force and effect against all persons ten?to° er* who shall contrai7 to the provisidns of this suft, or of the s fons acting" Schedule hereunto annexed, contrary to

IV. And whereas it is expedient that all magi fir aits, justices of tht this act. peace, wardmote inquests of the city of London, and rnjUr and wardens of the bakers company, or the major part of them, and other persons authorised by any act or atls now in force relating to huai) to search fory try, and weigh any bread, should be authorised to Jcarch ->1

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 74. 711

for, try, and weighs any bread made for sale, at any time after the same shall have been baked, and whether the same shall have been ixposed to sale or not: and whereas it is expedient that the period of twenty/'our hours now by law cjlablished, within which any rnagi/irate, jujhce, wardmote inquest of the city of London, the master and wardens of the bakers company, and other persons author fed as aforesaid, ?nay weigh any bread within the said city of London, cr any other city, town corporate, borough, liberty, franchise, //v jurisdiction there-

for the purpose of ascertainitig whether the same is wanting in the due weight, should be extended to forty-eight hours; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall be Magiflrafe?. lawful for any magistrate or magift rates, justice or justices of the &c. may weigh peace, or for any wardmote inquest of the city of London, or the for^l^at any mailer or wardens of the bakers company, or the major part of time within them, or other person authorised as aforesaid, within their re- 48 hours after spective jurisdi<ftions, to weigh any bread made for sale (although has been the same shall not have been exposed to sale), for the purpose of certainirie*" ascertaining whether the same is wanting in the due weight whether it be thereof, at any time after the same shall have been baked, and deficient in within forty-eight hours after the baking thereof, any act or acts weight, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all powers, authorities, and provisions relating to the entering into any house,

(hop, (tall, bakehouse, warehouse, outhouse, or other place of or belonging to any baker or maker of bread, or feller of bread, or to the trying or weighing any loaves of bread; and all penalties or forfeitures now in force, relating to deficiency of weight in bread, shall be and are hereby declared to be in full force in relation to this act, as far as the same are respectively applicable in the several and respective jurisdictions mentioned, in any act or acts relating to the assize of bread, in like manner in every Tefped as if such powers, authorities, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures had been severally and separately re-enacted in this act: provided always, That every magistrate, justice of the peace, wardmote inquest of the said city of London, the mailer and wardens of the bakers company, and persons authorised as aforesaid, shall, in weighing any such bread for the purpose of ascertaining whether the same is wanting in the due weight thereof, have regard to the time when such bread was baked, and the period that has elapsed between the baking and weighing thereof, and shall, on due proof made by the baker or maker of bread to whom any such bread shall belong, of the time of baking thereof, make such allowance for loss in weight, not exceeding the proportion*of allowances in the said last recited act mentioned, as shall be Just and reasonable, so as to bed ascertain that such bread was .^originally made and baked of the due weight required by law.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

The courts, person or persons, authorised to set the assize of breadx are to observe, that the respective weights of the several aflized loaves will decrease in the same proportion as the price of

\ by

ji2 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 75. [1800.

the bushel of wheat, together with the allowance for baking ftc same, increases; and that such weights may be deduced from the present tables, as in the following examples:

Example I. Required the weight of the twelve-penny wheaten loaf, when the price of the bushel of wheat and baking is sixteen shillings.

fb. or <kots.

The price in the table of flat. 31 Geo. 2. c. 29.

opposite to 8 r. is - - - 5 11 8

But the price of the bushel and baking being now twice as much, the weight of the loaf can be only half what it then was, ami therefore will be 2 13 12 Example II. Required the weight of the twelve-peony wheaten loaf, when the price of a bushel of wheat and baking is sixteen shillings and three-pence.

When the given sum has an odd three-pence, its precise half cannot be found in the tables; in which case proceed thus* — Find, as in the preceding example:

B>. «. dwu.

' The weight, when the price of the bushel and

baking is sixteen shillings - - 2 13 12

And alfp the weight, when the price of the bushel

and baking is sixteen shillings and sixpence 2 11 14

5910

One half the weight, at 16s. $d. is - 2 12 13

For the prices of the peck loaf and its subdivisions, observe that the price increases in the same proportion as the price of the bushel of wheat, together with the allowance for baking.

Example III. Required the price of the peck loaf, wheaten bread, when the price of the bushel and baking is sixteen shillings:

£. j.

The price of such loaf by the table, when the

bushel and baking is eight shillings*030}

Therefore at sixteen shillings it must be double, or 0 6 1

Example IV. Required the price of the peck loaf, when the bushel and baking is sixteen shillings and three-pence:

The price of the peck loaf, when the bushel and

baking is sixteen shillings - - -061

Do. - - - Do. - - is 16 j, 6rf. - 0 64

0 12 j

One half, or price, at 16s. 3L - - 0 6 2f

CAP. LXXV.

An act for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

[July igoo.]

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 76, 77. 713

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

[July 9, 1800.]

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for the security of collieries and mines, and for the better regulation of colliers and miners.

[July 9, 1800.]

WHEREAS from the situation of the veins and mines ^TrWP eamble.

and iron stone in many parts of this kingdom, the same are greatly exposed to the depredations of wicked and tvil-difpcfed persons, and the Jaws now in being are inadequate to the protection thereof: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person or persons shall, at any After Sept. 19 time after the first day of September one thousand eight hundred, wilfully and maliciously pull down, fill up, or begin or attempt pulldown or to pull down or fill up any airway, waterway, drain, pit, level, fill Up any or shaft, or damage or destroy any railway, tram road, or other airway, &c. road leading to or from, or intended to lead to or from any coal °|jdaaaJ>e or other mine work, or (if any person or persons, not having or fading to or Iona side claiming a right to possess or work the same respectively) from any v shall, from and after the time above mentioned, wilfully and un- mine, or, not lawfully cut, dig, raise, take, or carry away any coal, culm, or other mineral, from any bed, band, vein or mine, lying and aJ, y mj_ being in any waste, open, or uninclosed lands, or shall wilfully neral lying in and unlawfully enter into any level, pit, or shaft, with an intent any waste, to dig, cut, raise, take, or carry away therefrom any coal, culm, ?e deemed or other mineral, or shall aid, abet, assist, hire, or command g^ilt^of a any person or persons to commit any such offence or offences as misdemea-aforesaid, that then and in every such case all and every such nour, and person or persons shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of a misdemeanour; and the court or judge before whom any such tenths.*person or persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have power and authority to cause such person or persons to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding six months.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to «-in this act contained (tell extend, or be construed to extend, to tend to any any trespass or damage which shall be done or committed under- da7*gc do<1? groupd, by any owner or owners of any adjoining coal or other^<^ers of mine, in working the same, or by any person or persons duly adjoining authorised, and employed in such working as aforesaid..mines in

III. And whereas it often happens that colliers and miners^ difre- tlle

garding their agreements, wilfully and objiinately work coal and iron amc# stone in a different manner to what they Jlipulated\ or otherwise abandon the agreement they have entered into, to the great and lajling pre-

prisoned.

714 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 77. [1800.

if any person judice of their employers; be it therefore further enacted, That coM y^any person or persons making any bargain, or entering into

ferentto his* any contract or agreement in writing, for raising or getting any agreement, coal, culm, iron stone, or iron ore, shall wilfully, and to the or contrary to prejudice of the owner, raise, get, or work, or cause to be the directions raised, got, or worked, any such coal, culm, iron stone, or irpn or ^aVrWufe' orc> m a different manner to his or their stipulations in respect to fulfit hi* thereto, and contrary to the directions, and against the will of engagements, the owner, or his agent or agents having the care thereof, or heflnll forfeit foa]} desist or refuse to fulfil the engagements they have entered AW^and^for5nto» every Person persons so offending, and being thereof non-payment convicted, either by the confession of the party offending, or may be im- upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county wherein such offence shall have been committed, shall, for every such offende, on complaint of the owner or owners, or his or their, agent or agents, and not otherwise, forfeit and pay such sum of money, not exceeding forty shillings, as to such justice or justices shall seem meet, together with the charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by such justice or justices who shall convict the offender or offenders; and upon non-payment thereof, such justice or justices shall commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence shall be committed, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding six months, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid; and upon such con-vision, every such bargain, contract, or agreement shall become \o\d.

IV. And whereas the owners and lessees of coal, iron Jim, or iron ore, contracting to get the same raised by weight, are often under the necessity of advancing money to the colliers and miners upon theme fun thereof in heaps, at or near the colliery or mine work, before the same can be carried to be weighed, and great frauds are praftifdin the walling and flacking of such coal, ironstone, andiron ore, by which the colliers and miners obtain money beyond what they earn, or are obit to repay, and miners often defraud each other by conveying avjay iron stone from one heap into another; be it therefore further emsted, If any person That if any person or persons shall wall or flack, or cause to be walled or (lacked, any coal, iron stone, or iron ore, in any selfe coa, c. m or fraucju|ent manner> with an intent to deceive his or their employer or employers, or if any person or persons shall take or remove any iron stone or iron ore with intent to defraud the person or persons who shall have raised the same, and shall be thereof convicted, either by the confession of the party offending, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, bcimprisoned. before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county wherein such offence shall have been committed, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices to commit any such person to the house of correction or common gaol for the same county, for any time not exceeding three months.

a fraudulent manner, or shall fraudulently remove any iron stone, &c* he may

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 77. 715

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall (teal If any person and take away any coal, culm, or coak, wood, iron, ropes, or leather, not exceeding the value of five, shillings, from any bank, m('r* than 59. yard, wharf, or other place, belonging to any manufacturer or value, from coal dealer, or off or out of any boat, barge, waggon, cart, or any place be-other carriage, or shall wilfully bre k, destroy, or damage any waggon, cart, or other carriage, ukd for carrying coal, culm, 0r coal dealer,

coak, iron, or iron stone, or shall (leal, hreak, destroy, damage, or our of any or embezzle any tools or implements used for cutting or getting boat. See. or

coal, culm, or other minerals, not exceeding the value above any^c^rrin?e mentioned, and shall, on complaint of the owner or his agent, uft; far c^r_ be thereof convicted, either by the confeftion of the party offend- Tying coals, ing, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or lUal or before anyone or more justice or justices of the peace of the so^uTcd^or county where the offence shall he committed, every person so cutting cod, offending, and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall, for Sec. not ex-the first offence, forfeit and pay such sum of money, not exceed- creeling 5*.

ing ten shillings, as to such instice or justices shall seem meet,

6, &', J*1..be Inble to

over and above the charges previous to and attending such con- certain penai-

vidlioo, to be ascertained by such justice or justices who shall tics.

Convict the offender, and upon non-payment thereof, such justice or justices shall commit the offender to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for one month, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid; and if any person lb convicted shall be guilty of the like offence a second time, and shall be thereof convicted in like manner, such person shall forfeit and pay such sum of money, not exceeding twenty shillings, as to such justice or justices shall seem meet, over and above the charges previous to and attending such conviction, to be ascertained by such justice or justices who shall convict the offender, and upon non-payment thereof, such justice or justices shall commit the offender to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for three months, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid; and if any person so convitfted shall be guilty of the like offence a third time, or oftener, and shall be thereof convicted in like manner, such person shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, such sum of money, not exceeding forty shillings, as to such justice or justices shall seem meet, over and above the charges previous- to and attending such conviction, to be ascertained by such justice or justices who shall convibf the offender, and upon non-payment thereof, such justice or justices shall commit the offender to the house of correction, there to be kept lo hard labour for six months, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid; provided always, That no person who shall be convicted of any offence under this act, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the same offence, under any other law.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the forfei- Application lures to be paid in pursuance of this zd shall be distributed be- oi forfeitures, tween the informer and the overseer or overseers of the parish or place where the offence shall be committed, for the use of the poor of such parish or place, in such proportion as the justice

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 77. [1800.

or justices before whom the offenders shall be convicted (hill think fit.

Evidence of

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all informations and inhabitants of other proceedings for any of the Iaft-mentioned offences, the where the of ev, c*ence r^e inhabitants of the parish or place where the offence fencers com- ^all be committed, shall be taken and allowed; any law or osage mitted shall be to the contrary notwithstanding.

good. VIII. And, for the more easy andfpetdy conviction of offender]

Convictions against this atty be it further enacted, That all and every the shall be drawn justice or justices of the peace before whom any person or period^ons convi^e(^ of any offence against this act, shall and

may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following words,

or in any form of words to the same effect, as the case shall happen; (videlicet)y

form. 4 T)E it remembered, That on the day of

Xj in the year of our Lord A. S. having

been brought before me [or, having been duly summoned, and not having appeared, as the case may happen] is on his own con-fefSon [or on due proof, whichever may be the case] convitfed before me, C. D* one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of for that he the said A. iB. on the day of'at in the said county of did [hm

specify the offence according to the fatty and following the words if the atty and whether the same is the first or what other offence] again# the form of the statute in that case made; and I do adjudge him to forfeit and pay for the said offence the sum of and also the further sum of for the charges of this

conviction. Given under my hand and seal [$r, our hands and seals] the day and year first aforesaid.* "

Prosecutions tnuft be begun Within nine months. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions.

Proceedings not to be

IX. Provided always, That no person shall be prosecuted for any offence against this act, unless such prosecution be begua within nine calendar months after the offence committed.

X. Provided always and be it further enacted, That any person or persons thinking himself or themselves aggrieved by any order or determination of any justice or justices of the peace in pursuance of this act, save and except any order of commitment, may, within three calendar months after such order or determination shall be made, complain to the justices of the peace at the general quarter sessions to be held in and for the county or place where the cause of appeal shall arise, who shall either hear and determine such complaint at such general quarter sessions of the peace, or if they think proper may adjourn the hearing thereof to the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the said county or place, and if they fee, cauie, may quads any conviction, or mitigate any forfeiture or fine, and may award costs to either party, or order any money to be returned which Avail have been levied in pursuance of any such order or determination, and shall and may also award such furthersatisfaction to be made to the party injured as they shall judge readable; but no

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 78, 79. 717

proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this act shall be quashed for quashed or vacated for want of form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Ma> fnt^any'court jetty's courts of record at Westminster or elsewhere; any law or of record, statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for establishing further regulations for the government of the British territories in India, and the better administration of justice within the same.

[July 28, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the territorial possessions of the united company of

merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in the peninsula of India, have become so much extended as to require further regulations to be made for the due government of the same: and whereas by an act of parliament, made and pajfd in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for con- 33 Geo. 3. tinuing in the East India company, for a further term, the pof- c'* session of the British territories in India, together with their exclusive trade, under certain limitations; for establishing further regulations for the government of the said territories, and the better administration of justice within the same; for appropriating to certain uses the revenues and profits of the said company; and for making provision for the good order and government of the towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; it is enacted, That the whole civil and military government of the presidency of Fort Saint George, on the coast of Coromandel, and the ordering, management, and government, of all the territorial acquisitions and revenues on the said coajl, and also so much and such parts of the territories and pojfssions on the coajl oj OrifTa, with the revenues of the same, as had been and then were under the administration of the government or presidency of Fort Saint George, should be and were thereby vested in a governor and three counsellors of and for the said presidency of Fort Saint George, subject to fitch rules, regulations, and refiriftians, as were therein mentioned; and that the whole civil and military government of the presidency and island of Bombay, on the coast 0/^ Malahar, and the ordering, management, and government, of all the territorial acquisitions and revenues on the said coajl of Malahar, should be and were thereby vejled in a governor and three counsellors of and for the said presidency and island of Bombay, subject to the provision therein mentioned: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, The court of from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful directors may

for aPPomt wiiat

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act to discharge from a disputed and (formant claim of the publick, several estates belonging to the right honourable William Carr, earl of Erroll, lord high constable of Scotland.

[July 9, 1800.]

CAP. LXXIX.

7*8

p uts of the te/ritomt acquisitions, revenues, See Ihd) hr subject to either, ^nd whiclrof their pi tilde neks, subject to the controul of the coir.mif-iioners for the attiiirs of In-ilia.

Letters patent ot Geo. a. dated the 8th of Jan. in the 21st of his reign.

J7 Geo. c. 14.2, recited.

*3 Geo. 3-c. 63.

His Majesty may eft ablish a supreme court of judicature at

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 79. [1800.

foj* the court of directors of the said company for the time being, to declare and appoint what part or parts of the said territorial acquisicions, or of any other now subject to the government of the said presidency of Fort£aint George', or the said presidencyof Bombayi together with the revenues arising therefrom, and the establishment of civil ferv2nts connected therewith respectively, shall from thenceforth hereafter be subject to the government of either and which of the said presidencies, yor of the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and from time to time, as occasioivmay require, to revoke and alter in the whole or in part such appointment, and to make such new distribution of the same as to them shall seem fit and expedient, subject nevertheless, in all cases, to the superintendence, direction, and controul of the commissioners for the affairs of India, in like manner as any acts or orders of the said court of directors are now by law subject; and all such territorial acquisitions, and the revenues arising therefrom, and the establishment of ciul servants connected therewith, shall, from and after the time, and subject as to such time to the conditions and limitations to be by tht said court of directors limited and appointed for such purposes respectively, be to all intents and purposes whatsoever annexed to and made subject to such presidency, and to the court or courts of judicature established or to be established therein respectively.

II. And whereas his late majesty King George the Second did, bj his letters patent, bearing date at Westminster the eighth do} rf January in the twenty-first year of his reign, grant unto the said united company of merchants of England trading to ihe East Indies, his royal charter, thereby amongst other things constituting and establishing courts of civil, criminal, and ecclesiastical jurisdiction at the united company's respective settlements at Madras Patnam, Bombay, or the ift and of Bombay, and Fort William in Bengal: and whereat the said charter, info far as it respects the administration of jufliee at Madras, has been altered and changed, by virtue of an act peffei in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better administration of justice at Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay y and for preventing British subjects from being concerned in loans to the native princes in India: and whereas the said charter, so far as it respetis the administration ofjujliceat Fort William in Bengal, has also been altered and changedby virtue of.an act pajfei in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing certain regulations for the belter management of the affairs of the East India company, as well in India as in Europe, and by divers subsequent statutes: and whereas it may be expedient, for the better administration of jufliee in the said fettJemeni of Madras, that a supreme court ofjudicature should be cjiablijbtd at Madras, is the same form, and with the same powers and authorities, as that now substjling, by virtue of the several acts before-mentioned, at Fort William in Bengal: be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by charter, or letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, to ered and establish a supreme court of judicature at Madras aforesaid,

to

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 79. 719

la eoofift of such and the like number of persons, to be named from time to time by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with number full power to exercise such civil, criminal, admiralty, and eccle- ofperfous, &c. fiastical jurisdictions, both as to natives and British subjects, and as the supreme to be invested with such power and authorities, privileges and court at Fort immunities, for the better administration of the same, and sub- Wlliam* jest to the same limitations, restrictions, and controul within the said Fort Saint George and town of Madras, and the limits thereof, and the factories subordinate thereto, and within the territories which now are or hereafter may be subject to or dependant upon the said government of Madras, as the said supreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, by virtue of any law now in force and unrepealed, or by this present act, doth consist: of, is invested with, or subject to, within the said Fort William, or the kingdoms or provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa.

III. Provided always, That the governor and council at Ma- How far the

dras, and the governor general of Fort William aforesaid, shall coundUt30 enjoy the same exemption, and no other, from the authority of Madras, and the said supreme court of judicature to be there erested, as is en- the governor joyed by the said governor general and council at Fort William general°ffort aforesaid, from the jurisdiction of the supreme court of judicature be exempted there already by law established. - from the au-

IV. And be it further enacted, That if his Majesty, his heirs thority of the or successors, shall grant such charter as aforesaid, and erect such cou£°* supreme court of judicature at Madras as aforesaid, all the records, ere e muniments, and proceedings whatsoever, of and belonging to]Lf

the late mayor's court at Madras, or to the late court of oyer ftprcme court and terminer, and gaol delivery, which were, by the said act at Madras, the passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty, directed r<cordsdirtft-- to be delivered over, preserved, and deposited in the new courts edhy recited erected by virtue of the said act; and all the records, muniments,to bede-0* and proceedings whatsoever, of and belonging to any of the said livered over to new courts, shall, from and immediately after such supreme thenewcourts, court of judicature as his Majesty is hereby empowered to erect, afld those bc-shall be established at Madras, be delivered over to be preserved Jo^Siafl b/de-and deposited for safe custody in the said new court of judicature; liJeredoverto to which all parties concerned shall and may have resort and the supreme recourse upon application to the said court. court

V. And be it further enacted, That To much of the charter So much of the granted by his present Majesty, for crefting the courts of the charter of his recorder of Madras and Bombay, as relates to the appointment of Sty^Jbrcred-firch recorder, and the erecting of such courts of judicature at ing the courts Madras, in case a new charter shall be granted by his Majesty, of recorder at his heirs or successors, and shall be openly published at Madras, Madras, as from and immediately after such publication, shall ccafe and de- apMintniciif termine and be absolutely void to all intents and purposes what- of a recorder, soever; and all powers and authorities granted by the said act See. if a new of the thirty-seventh of his present Majesty to the said courts ofcl, arte^b^.the recorder at Madras, shall cease and determine, and be ^ofd*and longer exercised by the said court, but the same shall and may the powers

be exercised by the supreme court of judicature to be erected by granted byre* Vol. XLII. Aaa vinu^R^fW^0

By OUVJX1'-

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 79. [1800.

I

paid certain laliries to the chief justice and judges of the supreme court as Hull

720

37 Geo. 3. virtue of this act, in the manner and to the extent herein-before

eTc^the* All f,

supreme

VI. And be it further enacted, That when the said supreme

court. court of judicature which his Majesty is hereby empowered to

The court of erect, shall be ereested, the court of directors of the said united directors shall company shall, and they are hereby required to direct and cause cause to be to certain and established salaries to the chief justice, and

each of the judges of such supreme court of judicature at Madras as shall be by the said new charter established; that is to say, To the chief justice six thousand pounds by the year; and to each of the judges at the said supreme court of judicature at Madras live thousand pounds by the year, and that such salaries shall be paid be established and payable to each and every of them respectively out of the by the new territorial revenues of the said settlement of Madras, at an ex-cJ}r^ter* °.ut change of eight shillings for the pagoda of that settlement. tori a Ire venue 8

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said salaries fluO of Madras, commence and take place in respect to such persons who shall be When salaries resident in Great Britain at the time of their appointment, upon ft 1 all com-^and from the day on which such person shall embark from Gm\h|lck Britain, and that the salaries of all such persons who shall at the of^ll perqui-1 t, me their appointment be resident in India, shall commence

titea. and take place from and after their reflectively taking upon them

the execution of their office as aforesaid; and that all such fabrics shall be in lieu of all fees of office, perquisites, emoluments, and advantages whatsoever, and that no fees of office, perquisites, emoluments, or advantages whatsoever shall be accepted, received, or taken in any manner, or on any acco.unt or pretence whatsoever, other than such salaries and allowances as are in and by this act directed to be paid.

Jfthe chief

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the chief justice, or* justice, or any any or either of the puisne judges of the supreme court ofjudi-puisne cature to be erected at Madras by virtue of this act, shall return return tc^Eu- to Europe^ from age, infirmity, or other cause to be approved of rope, his Ma- by his Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by jeity may di- warrant under the sign manual, to direct and authorise an allow* rect allowance to macle out of the revenues of the British territories in a made lo them to such chief justice or judge so returning: provided

out of the re- always. That it shall not be lawful for his Majesty to direct any venues of the larger allowance to be made to such chief justice than the lum of British tern- one thousand six hundred pounds sterling, nor to either of the n^excee^inc puilhe judges so returning, than the sum of one thousand two

a certain ° hundred pounds sterling per annum \ nor shall it be lawful for his amount, pVo- Majesty to direct any allowance to be made to any person who jjhjcd tHeyv^rcfideJ in India for seven years, either as chief justice or

India seven m one 0* ^le Pu^ne judges of the supreme court of judicature of Fcrt IP': Hi (Un, or of the supreme court of judicature to be erected, as aforesaid at Madras, nor to authorise the payment of any sum winch, with the sums already directed and authorised to be paid at the date of such grant, shall in the whole exceed the amount of the fftary to be paid to one of the puisne judges of the said fu-preihe court.'"

years m certain situa-tiona.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 79. 721

IX. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That The falsies of

when either of the judges of the supreme court of judicature at t^reme^Fort William, or of the supreme court of judicature which his courtT^nd of Majesty is hereby empowered to ered at Madras, or the recorder the recorder of Bombay, shall respectively leave India, the salary now payable, of Bombay, to or which may become payable under and by virtue of this act, dTa

to any such judge or recorder respectively, shall cease and be no tav!n^ n 1 # longer paid; any thing herein or in any former act or acts contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever the office of How the va-recorder of Bombay shall become vacant, and no person shall be

upon the spot who shall have been appointed by his Majesty to B0.rb.1y shall succeed to such recorderffiip, in such case, and as soon as thebe supplied in same shall be made known to the fuprefrie court of judicature calc no luc- which his Majesty is hereby empowered to ered at Madras, \ the ^fpoU junior puisne judge of the said court shall, and he is hereby* n*directed and authorised to proceed with all convenient speed to the said settlement of Bombay, and shall take upon himself the*

office of recorder of the said settlement, and shall hold and exercise the same in as full and ample a manner, and with the like allowances and exemptions, as if he had been appointed recorder of the said settlement by his Majesty, or provisionally by virtue of the act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, and shall continue to hold and exercise the said office until a recorder shall have been appointed by his Majesty, and until such recorder shall arrive at the said settlement and no longer: provided always, That if at the time of the notification of such vacancy, the establishment of the said supreme court at Madras shall not be full, and the establishment of the supreme court at Fort William shall be full, then and in such case only the junior puisne judge of the said supreme court of judicature at Fort William, as soon as the vacancy in the said office of recorder is made known to the said supreme court, shall in like manner proceed to take upon himself the said office of recorder at Bom- The eovernor bay, and shall continue to hold and exercisethe same in like and council at manner, to all intents and purposes, as is herein before provided; Fort St. any thing in the said act, or in any other act or acts, to the George contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. tiooTfor ffie*

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be provincial

lawful to and for the governor and council at Fort Saint George courts ami

aforesaid, to frame regulations from time to time for the pro- councils ap-

vincial courts and councils within the territories and provinces ^as

which now are, or shall at any time hereafter be (and while the governor same shall so be) annexed to or made subject to the said general and

presidency, in like manner^ and subject to all the regula- c°uncil at

tions, provisions, and confirmations touching the same, as the

governor general and council at Fort William aforesaid are,

better adnii-!

any ad now in force, authorised and empowered to do, for the nirtration of better admfnistration of justice among the native inhabitants andj^ic? in Ben-others being within the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Vrijfal g* ^c*'

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the governor gene* nor^eneraTof ral of Fori William in Bengal for the time being, or the goy^portwuiiamj

d b of or the govcjrk

722 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 79.

[1800,;

nor of Fort of the said presidency of Fort Saint George % and of the said prefi- i s^.^eo^e*or deoey and island of Bombay respectively for the time being, shall j Jkall'signi^y happen to he absent from any council to be assembled for the his intended said respective presidencies of Fort William and Fort Saint Getqt>'ah fence from and the said presidency and island of Bombay^ owing to indif* the fe^oCl1* Potion or any other cause whatsoever, and shall signify such hii memb"r°pre- intended absence to such council so to be assembled, then and ierit flwli in every such case the senior member for the time being who preside; but shall be present at the council so assembled, shall preside at such no a^.of such council, in such manner, and with such full powers and autho-b^vnlid, un- r*t*cs» during the time that such council shall continue to be lets signed by assembled, as such governor general or governor might or would the governor have had in case such governor general or governor were him-.general, or fc|f actually present at such council: provided nevertheless, That 1 fj*ctively!lf 110 a<^ any council so held shall be valid to any eflfeft what-'resident at the soever, unless the same shall be signed by such governor general presidency, or governor respectively, if such governor general or governor and not pre- shall at the time be' resident at the presidency at which such auction I"* counc*l shall be so assembled, and shall not be prevented by such and if not so indisposition from signing the same: provided always, That in prevented, case such governor general or governor, not being so prevented

a"fi f as afor<: fa, d> shall decline or refuse to sign such act of council, he

he, and°thfn> anc* several members of the council who shall have signed the members who same, shall mutually exchange with and communicate in writing shall have to each other the grounds and reasons of their respective opini-shall ons> \n Jifcc manner, and subject to such regulations and ultimate rommutucate responsibility of such governor general or governor respectively, the grounds of a* are by the said act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign their opinions of his present Majesty, provided and directed in cases where reetted^a <3^uck 6overnor general or governor respectively shall, when pre-S^ Geo. 3. ^nt, dissent from any measure proposed or agitated in such where he shall, council respectively: provided also, That nothing herein con-when present, rained shall be taken or construed to prevent such governor Seo3un°'L £enera^ m ca*e &aH he absent from his own government of The^overn r to ft°mhute a vice president and deputy governor of

gencfa^wiirn ^ort ^illiamy according to the provision for that purpose in the absent, may said act passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty. nominate a

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any person or and deCfidCnt persons shall have been convicted at any feirion of oyer and ter-governor of, m*aer or delivery, or any session of the peace which shall Fort William, have been holden for any of the said presidencies or settlements Per tons who of Fort William and Fort Saint George, and the said presidency ot have been island of Bo?nhay, of the crime of perjury, or of grand or petit convicted of larceny, or 0{ any other offence for which such person or persons whlSTthcy* wouhl» before the passing of this act, have been liable by the would have laws of this realm to be transported, it shall and may be lawful been liable by for the court before which any such person or persons shall be so of.convicted as aforesaid, or any subsequent court holden any of before the*Presidencies above-mentioned respectively, with like autho-paflsng of this rity, to order and adjudge that such person or persons io con*; aft, to be vteteds aforesaid, shall be transported to the eastern coast of traerporud, # Jf^p

1800.] Anno regni quatdragelimo Georgii III. c. 79. 723

New South Wales* or some one or other of the islands adjacent, may be tranA or elsewhere, and for such term of years as the said court shall wato direct; and where any person or persons shall hereafter be con- &c alKj vidled of any crimes whatsoever, for which he, she, or they is, fans who shall are, or shall be by the laws of this realm, as extending to the hen-after be British dominions in India* excluded from the benefit of clergy, V^rnts it shall and may be lawful to and for such court respectively, as excluding*they shall see fit, instead of awarding sentence of execution them from be-against such offender or offenders, to order such offender or nefit °) clergy offenders to be in like manner transported, either for life, or for such number of years as such court shall award and order; and CXrCution, be the governor and council of such presidency respectively shall, ordered to be and they are hereby required to take order for the due perform- transported, ance of all such semences of transportation accordingly: pro- Natives of In-vided always, That it shall not be lawful for any such court to order the transportation of any person or persons, being natives parents not to of India and not born of European parents, to the eastern coast betr.u.sported of New South Wales* or any of the islands adjacent thereto. ^cw ^outkl

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That no offence whatsoever'e^.

shall be liable to be punished by such sentence of transportation

as aforesaid (except in case the same, shall be substituted as afore- by transporta-said in the place of a capital punishment) unless such offence tion (except shall have been committed three months after this act, and a)l substituted for the clauses and provisions therein contained shall have been un?e*ft*

openly published in the said presidencies of Fort William, Fort committed Saint George* and Bombay respectively; any thing herein con- three months tained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. after this att

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any offender so ordered by any such court to be transported for any term of life or william,

years, or other time or times as aforesaid, shall return into any See. of the said territories or acquisitions of the said united company, If any person or shall come into any part of Great Britain or Ireland* before J^i^turn the end of his or her said term, he or she so returning as afore- -mto the tcr-said shall be liable to be punished as a person attainted of felony, ritories of the without the benefit of clergy, and execution may and shall be united coin-awarded against such offender accordingly.'Jbrethccx^-

pi ration of his term, he shall be punished as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained His Majesty shall be construed or taken to prevent his Majesty, his heirs and may extend successors, from extending his or their royal mercy to any such offender or offenders, and from allowing of the return of any 0 "n er8' such offender or offenders from such place of transportation.

XVII. And whereas great inconveniencies have rejulted from the manner in which the courts of reqiufis for the recovery of /mail debts in the respective settlements of Fort William and Fort Saint

George are conflicted- be it therefore further enacted, That it The governor shall and may be lawful to and for the governor general and council of Fort William* and for the governor and council of fort William, Fort Saint George aforesaid for the time being respectively, to aodthegovet-order and appoint in what manner the said courts respectively norandcoun-shall in future be formed, and to what amount in value, riot^exceeding the sum of four hundred sicca rupees, the jyriftli&fion

a A a 3 of

m

manner the courts of re-qudls fJiall in future be formed, and to what amount the jurisctldion shall extend. See.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 79. [1800.

of the famd shall extend, and to frame and make such new rules and orders, and to establish and declare such new modes and forms of proceeding, as to them shall appear to be necessary and expedient for new-modelling, altering, and reforming thd present condi tut ion and practice of the said courts respectively, and by their proclamation, to be made and published in due form of law, to declare and notify to all persons concerned, such new ^onftitution, rules, orders, modes, and forms of proceeding, and the time from whence they are to have force andeffectj and from and after such time as shall be so respectively notified for that purpose, the present courts of requests, as well as the rules, orders, modes, and forms of proceeding which are now % used and observed therein, shall be abolished and cease, and

' thenceforth the new court, rules, ordeis, modes, 'and forms of

proceeding which the said governor general and council are authored and empowered, under and by virtue of this afi, to make and publish, shall be in full force and effefl; any former act or acts to the contrary thereof in any'wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas the powers given by the act of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty to the governor general and council of the said united company's settle inept at Fort William aforesaid, to enforce the observance of such rules, ordinances, or remulations, for the good order and civil government of the said fctilement, and other factories and places subordinate to or to be fubonlinate thereto, as they are thereby authorised to make, by fitting, imposing, and levying.reasonabk fines and forfeitures for the breach or non-objirvance of such rules, ordinances, and regulations, have not been found fujjfcient for the preservatioi of good order in the said settle ment; be it there-The governorfore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor general and council for the time being, inaddi-

general and

Fort William tion lo> or instead of such fines and forfeitures as qbove-inen-may order tioned, to order or appoint such moderate and reasonable corporal corporal pu- punishment, by publick or private whipping, or other wise, as to brendi1!)/°r l^em ^eem anc* expedient, for the breach or non-ob-

rules, made fervance of any such rules heretofore made or hereafter to be by under autho- them made, by virtue of the authority herein-before recited, Tity of the re-subject nevertheless to such registry, publication, approbation, it Geo. 2. power of appeal, and other regulations, as in and by the said recited act passed in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, are prescribed and provided touching the rules, ordinances, regulations, fines, and forfeitures therein and herein-before* 'mentioned.

Ko corporal XIX, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no purdshment to such corporal punishment shall in any Case be ordered to be be ordered Jnflisted, except only in case of due conviction of the offender before two justices of the pedee acting in and for the said fertle-nrertt, presidencies, and, places thereto subordinate, which offence 'ftlch'two justices of the peace are hereby aitthorised and empowered to hear and determine, and to order such punifttnent Ko convictfon upon convictioif as aforesaid: provided also, That no such con-ro be review- viction, judgement, or order, shall be reviewed or brought into " any

except on convictioit before two juitkes.

1800.] Anno tegni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 79. 725

any superior court by writ of Certiorari or appeal, or any other process whatsoever; any thing in any former act or acts to the* contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas the province or district of Benares has hem ceded to the said united company, and been annexed to the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal, since the establishment of the said supreme court of judicature at For \ William of or said, and it is expedient that the same should be subject to the jurisdiction of the said court, in like manner as the kingdoms or provinces of Bengal,

Bahar, and Oriffa; and that the said province or disirift, and all other provinces or disi riels, which may hereafter be at any time annexed and made subject to the said presidency, should be subject to such regulations as the governor general and council of Fort William aforesaid haveframed or may frame for the better administration of justice among the native inhabitants and others within the same respectively; be it therefore further enacted* Thar, from and March after the hrft day of March which will be in the year of our Lord power of the one thousand eight nupdred and one, the power and authority supreme of the said supreme court of judicature in and for the said prefi- courj of jtidi-dency of Fort William. aforesaid, as now and by virtue of this act established, and all such regulations as have been or may be extend^over hereafter, according to the powers and authorities, and subject the province to the provisions and restrictions before enacted, framed, and of Benares, provided, shall expend to and over the said province or district^ all places of Benares, and to and over all the factories, dtftrids, and places, tJeretc^and which now are or hereafter shall be made subordinate thereto, all districts; and to and over all such provinces and d.ftrids as may at any time hereafter an- hereafter be annexed and made subject to the said preftdency of nexed to the Fort William aforesaid.'. Pre, >delicr-

XXI. And whereas great inconveniencies have arisen from the practice of granting letters of administration by the said supreme From March court of judicature at Fort William aforesaid, in cases where the i> 1801, when-next of kin, or any of the creditors of the deceased, do not apply for the same, to persons calling the mselv s friends of the deceased \ be it shall die with* therefore further enacted, That, from and after the nrft day of in either of Alarch which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand eight A?c presiden* hundred and one, whenever any British subject shall die intestate Jinate^crrito-within either of the presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint v\CSf and no George, or Bombay, or the territories subordinate to either of nexr of kin or the said presidencies, or to become subordinate thereto, and on creditor shall return of the citation to be issued from the proper ecclesiasticale^ffer of the court, no next of kin or creditor shall appear and make out their ecclesiastical claim to the administration of the effects of the intestate deceased court shall to the satisfaction of the said court, it shall and may be lawful apply for let — for the register of such court respectively, and he is hereby re- ^stration and quired to apply for, and such court is hereby required. and j^u coNett directed to grant such letters ad colligenda or of administration, as the act'ets of to such court shall seem meet, by virtue whereof such register the'deefeased* shall collet the afiets of the deceased, and shall bring them for th^rr^nto safe custody into such court, and account for-them regularly, in court, and like manner as is now by law provided in cases where assets are account for

aa A.4 rveftedtheo.

726 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 79. [1800.

vested in the hands of any officer of the court, under or by virtue of the equitable jurisdiction of any such court.

When any

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That creditor who w^en any next k, n or creditor, who, at the time of the re-shall have been lurn of tive above citation, shall have been absent in Europe or absent, shall elsewhere, shall make and establish their claim to the adminif-make out his tration of the assets of such intestate, the letters ad colligcnda or letters of ad- °^ administration, granted by virtue of this act to the said regis-ministration terf shall he recalied, and adminitration in due form granted to to the register such next of kin or creditor respectively.

rt"

XXIII. And whereas doubts may have arisen whether any of the letters wanted urts of judicature' established in India by virtue of his Majestjt to the claim, charter, are competent to administer adequate relief to infilvent delb ant. tors, who JIand charged in execution for debts under a tertain amount,

according to the provisions of an act passed in the thirty second year of his late Majesty's reign, commonly called The Lord's Act, be it The judge of therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the tupreme the judge of the said supreme court at Fort IV/Ilium, and of the William, and fuPrcmc court which his Majesty is empowered by this act to of the supreme erect at Madras, or for the court of the recorder at Bombay, to court to be erected at Madras, and the court of the recorder at Bombay, may make rules for extending to insolvent debt-tors, the relief intended by act 3*

Geo. i. commonly called The Lord's Act.

make and publish such rules and orders as to them reflectively shall seem meet, for extending to such insolvent debtors as shall be in execution under the process of such respective courts, or of any court previously established at such presidency respectively, for Aims under the amount to be prescribed by such rules and orders, the relief intended by the said act, and to prescribe and order what weekly sum the creditor or creditors at whose suit such debtor {lands charged in execution, shall be obliged to pay and allow, in case such creditor or creditors shall iniift on such debtor being detained in custody, and to adopt and proportion the same, as well as the amount of such debt as above mentioned, to the general state and condition of such debtors, whether natives or Europeans, under the jurisdiction of such court respectively \ and such courts are hereby authorised and empowered, as loon as such rules and orders shall have been made and established, to proceed to act upon the same accordingly as cases may arise.to require the same, and to make such orders in such cases as may be necessary to carry the same fully into effect: provided always, That all such rules and orders as are first above-mentioned, for preferring the mode in which such relief shall be administered, shall be iransmitted to the president of the board of of for the affairs of India, to be laid before his Majesty for his royal approbation, correction, or revision, and such rules and orders shall be observed until the same shall be repealed or varied, and in the tail case with such variation as shall be made therein.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all rules and orders w^heretofore made or hereafter to be made, previous to the notifi-not ideation of cation of this present act, in such presidencies respectively, by this act io the any of tlje courts above-mentioned, or any court previously efta-pr*fi Wnft<*g, blished in either of the said presidencies for the relief and discharge

AH rules nude previous to the

for the relief

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georoxi 111. c. 80. 727

of such insolvent debtors, and and all acts by them, or either of of insolvent them, done or commanded in pursuance thereof, shall be, and ^Confirmed they are hereby ratified and confirmed, and all present actions aIMj ass /ujt89 and suits, indictments, informations, and all molestations, prose- commenced eutions, and proceedings whatsoever, which may have been, or for acting un-may be had, commenced, or prosecuted, against any person whomsoever, for acting or having acted under and in obedience De vo to any such rules or orders, are and shall be discharged, annulled, and utterly made void and of no effect, to all intents anid purposes, by virtue of this act.

XXV. And whereas it may be expedient for his Majesty\ his heirs or successors, to ifjue a commisscn from his high court of admiralty in England, for the trial and adjudication of prize causes, and other maritime questions arising in India; be it therefore further enacted,

That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and His Majesty successors, to nominate and appoint all or any of the judges of the supreme court of judicature at F.rt William aforesaid, or of for carrying the supreme court of judicature to be erected as aforesaid at into execution Madras, or the court of the recorder at Bombay, either alone or*comt, ^a jointly with any other persons to be named in such commission, and adjudicate be of for the purpose of carrying such commission tion of prize so to be iiliied as aforesaid into execution; any act or acts to the cauiies, &c. in contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. India.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for ere Sling a lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the county of Kent\ and for reducing into one aft the laws relating to quarantine^ and for making further provifum therein.

[July 28, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the first fejfon of the thirty-

ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to 39 Geo. > encourage the trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more c. 99* convenient mode of performing quarantine; and for reducing the duty, granted by an act of the last session, on goods the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any place within the Streights of Gibraltar, it was entitled, That it should and might be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, by any order or orders to be issued from time to time, to grant licence and permission for the importation into Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey,

Alderney, Sark, or Man, of all goods, wares, and merchandizes, coming from the Levant Seas, without clean bills of health, without such goods, wares, and merchandizes having been opened and aired in any of the lazarets of Malta, Ancona, Venice, 'Medina,

Leghorn, Genoa, or Marseilles, as was before by law required;

and that all such goods and merchandizes should and might be admitted to an entry in any of the ports of Great Britain, or the said islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, subject nevertheless to such regulations, rules, orders, and directions, with respect to \

opening and airing such goods and merchandizes previous to the land-inj thereof, and to the performance of quarantine by the crews or

u

iv-

728 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 80. [1800.

ether persons belonging to or being on board of the ships dr % iejfch it j'which such goods or merchandizes should be imported, as his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, should.\ by any order or orders to be issued as aforesaid, make, prejcnbe, or dire ft: and.whereas by the laws of this kingdom, dll ships or vessels coming with*

4 m out such clean bill of health from drty other place liable to tbt plaguy j or any other infeflious dforder of the nature of the plague, except j from the Levant, were not, previous to the poffing of the fail ad, of the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, nor are nm refrained from entering into any of the ports, of this kingdom, in 1 none of which, never the Ujs, has fefficient provision been made for the performance of quarantine by ships so coming without such clean bills of health: and whereas certain ships did so arrive Jrom the port of Mogadore, in the course of last Autumn, which for wart of such provision, it was tier fary, to defroy, and the public k thereby became subject to a great charge: and whereas by an act, passed in the twenty-futh year of the reign of his Majesty King George tbt6 Geo. % Second, intituled An act to oblige ships more effectually to per*

c*form their quarantine; and for the better preventing the plague

being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Giunf y, ferjey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; it.was enacted, 7hat whenever his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice and consent of parliament, should dir eft honfes or lazarets to be provided for the receiving and entertaining of pirjons obliged to perform quarantine, or for the depesting, openings and airing of goods and merchandizes liable to perform guar anting at therein-mentioned, it should and might be lawful for his Majesty to rrefl the same in such places, and in such manner as his Mojdly should judge necrfjary for the purposes aforesaid, paying such run, rent, or other considerationx as should be agreed upon, or ajfjfed and adjudged, in such inanner as therein prescribed: and wh treat by on act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, a certain sum of money was granted by parliament towards building a kzant: and whereas doubts' having arisen whether his Majesty was sufficu ently enabled, by the powers in the said last mentioned acts contained, to contrast and agree for the alflute purchase of lands, me fudges, tenements, and hereditaments, to be settled unalienably in the crown, for the purpose of making, ere fling, and establishing such lazaret; it was, by an act passed in the twelfth year of his present Majijhjs 1 % Geo. 3. reign, intituled An act to explain and amend so much of an act made in the twenty-sixth year of the rergn of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the establishment of lazarets, enacted, That it should be lawful so and for the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasuryf then or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the tint'being, on the behalf of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, Jrom time to time, and at all times thereafter, to treat, contract, and agree for the abfluie purchase or sale, rtleafe or surrender, to or for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any ejlatt or estates of inheritance in any lands, tneffuages, tenements, or beredi-taments which they should judge to be> by their ftuation and in otbet

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. So. 729

respects, convenient and fit for the purposes intended by the said attf for such sum or sums of money, or upon such other terms or conditions, as they should think fitting, and to make payment of the same out of the before-mentionedfum of money: and whereas the lords of of his Majesty's treasury have, in pursuance and under the authority of the said Lift mentioned attf made purchase of certain lands on Chetney Bill, in the county of Kent, for the purpofi of fretting a lazaret thereon: and whereas it is expedient that a fund should be provided for enabling his Majesty to defray the charges of eretting a proper lazaret on the said lands on Chetncy Hi!, and also such charges as shall arise from the neccfjary establishment and exp cnees incident to such lazaret when completed, as well aS from those of a I floating lazaret to be made use of in the mean time, until such lazaret f*,:

shall be so eretted and completed: be it therefore enacted by the 'J v

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the lords commilnoners of The treasury his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the "lord high treasurer for the time being, from and after the patting laziret upon.of this act, to give directions, and make any contract or Con- Chetney JitlT, < tracts for erectirft* or causing to be erected a lazaret upon then(* mfy said lands so purchased on Chetncy Hilly in the county of Kent, p^nc^om of with all necessary and convenient accommodations for the pur- the confoii-jpose of performing quarantine, according to such plan as his dated fund. Majesty, by and with the advice of his.privy council, may from time to time approve and direct; and for defraying the expences attending the same, to C3ufe any sum of money to be ilVued out of the consolidated fund, not exceeding in the whole the sum of sixty-five thousand pounds, of which a parr, not exceeding thirty thousand pounds, may be issued within the space of twelve months from the passing of this act, and the said lazaret when Lazaret to be; completed, and all the buildings and accommodations thereto under thema- -belonging, and until the same shall be completed the said float- oflktra ap- \ ing lazaret shall be under the management, order, and direction pointedhythe \ of such oiiicei s as shall be appointed by the lords -commissioners treasury. See, j of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, for keeping the same fit and ready for the reception of persons and goods, and for their due performance of quarantine; and such officers respectively shall have such salaries as shall from time to time be appointed by his Majesty, by and with the 'advice of his privy Council; and the salaries of the said oflicers, and all contingent expences, shall be defrayed out of the funds, and in the manner in which the*charges and expences of performing quarantine are at prefeqt defrayed, until such time as a revenue shall be raised sufficient for those purposes, in the manner herein after mentioned.

II. And whereas it is reasonable that the owners of Jbtps, veJfirUy and cargoes, which in future shall have to perform quarantincy _ n&nber should defray the charge incurred thereby; be it further enacted. the

That, from smd.atfte/ the fit ft day of October onc^thousand eigh^ owners of I hundred* ships perform*

in specifkd*

730 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 80. [1800.

ingquaran- I hundred, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his gtop-T Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several and respective customs^here duties of customs herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, For*- ' every ton burthen of every (hfp or vessel, the cargo of which,

6r any part thereof, shall have performed quarantine in this kingdom, and \khich shall have arrived from any part of 7«riryf or from any port or place in Africa within the St r eights of Gibraltar^ or in the Wefi Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, with a dean bill of health, seven shillings and fjxpence; for every ton burthen of every such ship or vessel, which shall have so arrived without a clean bill of health, fifteen shillings; for every ion burthen of every ship or vessel, the cargo of which, or any part thereof, shall have performed quarantine in this kingdom, and which shall have arrived from any port or place whatever except from any part of Turkey, or from any port or place in Africa within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the Wefi Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, with a clean bill of health, three shillings; for every ton burthen of every such ship or vessel, which shall have so arrived without a clean bill of health, ten shillings; for every

1$:

ton burthen of every ship or vessel arriving in this kingdorr

Certain ref-

t: o; n

and! hid U'

with a cargo which in whole or in part shall consist of goods, wares, or merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufacture of Turkey, or of any port or place in Africa within the Strdghti of Gibraltar, or in the West Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, and which shall have performed quarantine in this kingdom, and which shall have arrived from any port or ptace iq Holland or from a Ay port or place whatever at which there is not a regular establishment for the performance of quarantine, fe*en shillings and ilxpence; for every ton burthen of every ship or vessel which shall have so arrived under such circumstances as shall induce his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to subject them to the like quarantine as ships arriving from Turkey without clean bills of health, fifteen shillings; for every ton burthen of every ship or vessel, the cargo of which, or any part thereof, shall have performed quarantine in this kingdom, and which ship or vessel shall enter inwards in the port ot London, an additional duty of one shilling; all which several and respective duties shall be raised, levied, coJIe&ed, and paid, and shall be sued for, recovered, and accounted for, in the same manner, and subject to the same rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as any duties of customs are now subject to by law, as far as the same are applicable thereto: provided always, That no ship or vessel arriving in this kingdom from any port or place whatever, except from. any part of Turkey, or from any part or place in Africa, within the Str eights of Gibraltar, or in the Wefi Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, with a clean bill of health, in ballast, or whose cargo shall consist wholly of salt, shall be liable to or charged with any duty under this act: pro-v, c*c<^ a * That no ship or vessel which mall, together with its car6°> have duly performed quarantine in the lazarets of Malta, offuchdutics. Venice, Mtffma, Leghorn, or one of them, and shall fail

from

tile

com; tad the I tit.;

me'.

the

1*1

ix'

tar.r

fiiO

OK;

the in: or i

the

he

In:

CO,]

Cm

cif

ta

V:

C

0:

P3

t\

c; -

h

iCi

fa

in

i)

tt:

so I*1

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. So* 731

from thence, and arrive in this kingdom with proper documents f and vouchers attesting the same, to the satisfaction of his Majesty, } his heirs or successors, or of his or their privy council, shall beI liable to or charged with any duty under this atft.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if afterjlTreasury mafv the re-payment (in the manner herein after mentioned) to thej order the du. confolh aied fund, of the said sum of sixty-five thousand pounds, ^1* hereby directed to be issued out of the same, it shall appear to fctterwarcte the lord high treasurer or the lords of of his Majesty Vraised again.; treasury for the time being, that the duties hereby granted are more than sufficient to defray the necessary expences of carrying the several purposes of this act into execution, it shall and maybe lawful for the said lord high treasurer or lords commissioners for the time being, from time to time, by any warrant or warrants under the hands of the said lord high treasurer or of the said lords commissioners for the time being, or of any three or more of the said lords of, to order and direct that the duties hereby granted shall be reduced in such proportion and manner as they shall think proper; and also by like warrant or warrants (in cate the said necessary expences should afterwards require an increase of the said duties) to order and direct that the same shall be again raised and increased to any amount, not exceeding the sums hereby authorised to be raised and levied j and such warrant or warrants shall be sufficient authority to the of and officers of the customs for raising, levying, collecting, and recovering the several and respective duties, specified and contained in such warrant or warrants; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no ship or vessel, upon! No vessel upon which the tonnage duty by this act Imposed shall be due and which the du-payable, shall be permitted to be cleared inwards in any port of fj^jjbedeared Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey\ strfey, Alderney^ jn^rdsunlefr

or Many unless the said tonnage duty shall have been first duly it be first paid, paid to the proper officers of the customs appointed to receive the same, or the commissioners of the customs shall otherwise; direct j and that the tonnage of every ship or vessel shall be com-/Tonnage to be puted and taken, for the purpose of afeertaioing the said ^ufIes n^o

according to the register thereof, under the provisions of an act, the register'passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, under 16 Gcoi intituled An act for the further increase and encouragement of ship+ 3* c* ping and navigation, and in case of any dispute or doubt relative;

thereto the lame shall be ascertained by admeasurement, in the mode and manner prescribed in the said last mentioned act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Owners of for the owner or owners of any ship and vessel, in respect of jemand^om which any of the duties imposed by this act shall have been paid, importers*'to demand and receive from the respective importers, proprietors, proportion of or consignees of any goods or merchandizes brought or imported duties, in any such ship or vessel, such sum or sums of money as shall be equal to the just and reasonable contribution, which the proportion that such goods and merchandize bear to the tonnage

burthen

Duties to be raid into the

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 80, [1800.

burthen of the ship shall require, and no more, such proportion to be ascertained according to the ufagt of merchants in like cases.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That the monies arising from the duties hereby granted, shall be paid into the receipt of his

I, uic uuuto ucicuj' giauicu, ilium u. jjaiu imu mv, mi

I^a Separate Maj city's exchequer, and carried to and made part of the con-account to be folidated fund; and that in the office of the auditor of the receipt

kept.

Application oi duties.

of his Majesty's exchequer, there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever.

1 VII. And be it further enacted, That the money lb raised, levied, collected; and paid, shall be applied in the first place to defray the annual expences of the said floating lazaret and land lazaret, Snd all other annual expences which shall be incurred I w the execution of this act; and in the next place, to make good / any money that shall have been issued from the consolidated fund / for the first ereftfilg of the said lazaret, and for providing the

necessary and convenient accommodations thereto belonging in Y mapner herein-before mentioned, and to no other purpose what-lbever.

Frorr. October

VIII. And whereas ft is expedient that the several acts of farFio* f'\\ wn tfc ment nrd) tn force for PerformlnC quarantine, should be reduced into cited and all ong au^)at father provison should be mode for obliging flips other acts, in and per fas coming from places infcCled with or subject to the plogucy so far as they or any infectious disease or dislcmper of the nature of the plague, to relate to the perjorm quarantine in such manner as shall be directed by prodam-ot quarantine, tion or h ov^cr of ^ls Majesty in council^ and for punifl)ing offender!

repealed.

6 Geo.

C. 6.

29 Geo. 2. c. 8.

t* Geo. 3. c. 57.

28 Geo. 3.'

c. 34.

against such orders; be it enacted, That, from and after, the first day of October one thousand eight hundred, an act passed in the twentyTixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to oblige fldps more effectually to perform their quarantine, and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles tf/'Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; another act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the same reign, intituled, yfo act to repeal a clause in an atl, made in the twenty-sixth year of his prsfint Adfie/ly, intituled, ' An act to oblige {hips more effectually to perform their quarantine, and for the better preventing the plagut being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man/ whereby the jlationing cf ship's infeCicd with the plague to the northward of Cape Firmierre, is confined to the harbour tf/'New Gfimfby, and re Move able to no other place, and for appointing a more safe and com* m7dious place instead thereof; an act passed in the twelfth year of h?s present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain and amend so much of an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the establishment of lazarets-, so much of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act more effectually t$>

securt

to

(: c.i

TU

P

P

l: rv

A

r!

iti{

er

P

cj

J

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 80. 733

secure the performance of quarantine, and for amending several laws relating to the revenue of cujhms, as relates to the performance of quarantine; and a!so so much a£ relates to the performance of quarantine, of an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend two acts, made in 38 3*

the twenty sixth year of King George the Second, and the twenty- c* eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, respecting the performance of quarantine for punishing persons aiding contrary to any order in council, which may be made for laying any embargo on ships or vessels, or for prohibiting or regulating the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize; to prevent the fraudulent importation of glass into this kingdom; for permitting the removal of coffee and cocoa coastwise, for the greater convenience of exportation; to authorise the commissioners of the cujhms to return the duties paid on goods imported\ which shall be lost or destroyed before the landing thereof; to' prevent vessels ticensed by the admiralty from being engaged in any trade or employment not permitted by their licences; for permitting wines put on board any of his Male fly's fiAps to be removed from one ship to another, without being fijt landed and warehoused; and for extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, to wines delivered into the charge of the*collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs at the port of Falmouth; and yWo so much as relates to the performance of quarantine, of an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his pre- /

sent Majesty's reign, intituled An act to encourage the trade into 39 Geo. -3.* the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient mode of performing c. 99- \

quarantine; and for reducing the duty, granted by an act of the last session, on goods the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any place within the Streights of Gibraltar; and every other act or acts heretofore palied, in so far as the same do or may be deemed or construed to relate to the performance of quarantine, and to be contrary to the provisions of this act, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

IX. And whereas infectious diseases and disempers which may not be deemed the plague, have raged and may rage in foreign parts, the communication whereof may be highly dangerous to the health of his His Majestybf Majests subjects of t hi ^kingdom; be it declared and enacted, That proclamation it shall be lawful for his iVjajdly, by and with the advice of His

privy council, by his royal proclamation, from time to time to disease to be declare any such infectious disease or distetfiper to be of the nature of the nature of the plague. of plague.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first All vessels, day 0£ October one thousand eight hundred, all lliips and vessels

arriving, and all persons, goods, and merchandizes whatsoever fnt0 any p]acc coming or imported into any port or place within Great Britain, in Great Bri-or the files of Guernsey, Jet fey, Alderney$ Sark, or Man, from GucTn-

any place from whence his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by &hc 1^ anchwidi the advice of his or their privy council, shall judge it from whence probable that the plague or other infectious disease 6r distemper his Majesty which his Majesty, with the advice of his privy* council, shall Gwll judge the from time to time, declare rot be of the nature of the plague, "'may b^lgh^iliaU 4 V. by perform qua-

t 734 ^Anno regni quadragesimo GeofIgh III. c. 80, [t8oo.

rantineasshallj/e brought, shall be liable and obliged to make their quarantine'it^jn such place and places, for such time and in such manner as

orders^n y 8 frail ^rom ^me to r*me dire<fed by h*8 Majesty, h« heirs or council. successors, by his or their order or orders in council, and notified i q>y proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, and that

'until such ships, vessels, persons, goods, and merchandizes shall have respectively performed and shall be duly discharged from such quarantine, no such person, goods, or merchandizes, or any of them, shall come or be brought on shore, or go or be

Kut on board any other ship or vessel in any place within his Majesty's dominions, unless in such manner, and in such cases, and by such licence, as shall be directed or permitted by such order or orders made by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in council as aforesaid; and that all such ships and vessels, and the persons or goods coming or imported in, or going or being put on board the same, and all ships, vessels, boats, and persons receiving any goods or persons out of the same, shall be subject to such orders, rules, and directions concerning quarantine, and the prevention of insection, as shall be made by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his privy council, and notified by his royal proclamation, or published in the London Gazette.

Jtules for vef-7

XL. And be it further enacted, That if the plague, or other Cr°h ^oanVinfectious disease or distemper as aforesaid, shall appear on board ^lanue shall { any or within the Streights of Gibraltar, the matter,

appear within commander, or other person having charge thereof, shall imme-the Streights diately proceed to some one of the foreign lazarets, and there of Gibraltar perform quarantine, until such time as the land lazaret, to be TiHThe hind'cre<^c(( as aforesaid, shall, by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, lazaret shall; by and with the advice of his or their privy council, and by be fit for the order of the same notified by proclamation, or published in the performance London Gazette, have been declared to be fit for the due perform* of quarantine. ance Of qUarantine therein; but if such plague, or other such in-fcdlious disease or distemper as aforesaid, ftnll appear on board i any ship or vessel without the Streights of Gibraltar, then the master, commander, or other person having the charge or com-j roand thereof, shall (unless such land lazaret shall have been so; declared to be fit for the due performance of quarantine therein)

immediately proceed to the harbour of Saint Helens Pool\ between the islands of Saint Hdem Tean and North Withel, being two of the islands commonly called The Islands of Scilly, or to such other place as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, shall from time to time direct and appoint; where, being arrived, he shall make known his case to some officer of the customs there, who shall immediately acquaint the governor, deputy governor, or other principal magistrate thereof, and also some custom house officer of some port of England near thereunto; and the said custom house officer of s such near port in England shall, with all possible speed, fend in* felligence thereof to the of of the custoras in the port of London; and the said governor, deputy governor, or other

principal

I

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. So. 73$'

J principal magistrate, shall in like manner, with all possible spee<0'.'[S; fend intelligence thereof to one of his Majesty's principal fecre- \

/'taries of state, to the end that such measures may be taken for '

the comfort and support of the crew and passengers on board suchr ship so infected, and such precautions used to prevent the spread-'"'"'I ing of the insection, as the case shall require; and the said ' ship or vessel shall there remain until his Majesty's pleasure be; known; nor shall any of the crew or passengers on board thereof 1 "* g° on (bore: but'in case the said matter, commander, or other ;.,

: -person having charge of the said ship or veflei so infettted, shall: 2 not be able to make the said ittands of Stilly or other place so: VJ\ appointed by his Majesty as aforesaid, or shall be forced by stress ': V of weather, or otherwise, to go up either of the channels, it shall not be lawful for him to enter with such ship or vessel into any, iSr port, but he shall remain in some open road till he receives direc- "

tions by some order of the privy council, and he shall use every " necessary means in his power to prevent any of his ship's company or passengers from going out of his ship, and to avoid ail: intercourse with other ships, veffds, or persons; and such ship's

' company or passengers shall, until such matter, commander, or'other person shall have received such directions, Yemain in such; ship, and shall avoid all intercourse witlj other ships, vessels, or j^ers of persons; and the said matter or any other person on board such &cp.

ship or vessel as aforesaid, who shall be disobedient herein, shall rfifobe'iicnt rd be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer deafh as in cases of herein, shall r, felony, without benefit of clergy. fufter death.

XII. And be further enabled, That every commander, matter, Matters of

: ^or other person having the charge of any ship or vtffll liable to to^erform- -

P the performance of quarantine, shall be and is hereby required, anc^ 0fq, Ia. 1

y fro.m and after the first day of October one thousand eight hun- rantine, rreet-dred, at all times when such ship or vessel shall meet with any »ng other vef- j y other ship or vessel at sea, or shall be within four leagues of the fel5 at or < r coatt of Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, four^nTles of

Alderney, Sarkj or Man, to hoitt a signal to denote that his ship $he coast of or vessel is liable to the performance of quarantine, which signal Great Briuin,

/ shall be in the day time, if the said ship or veflei shall have a clean ^e, an^»

" bill of health, a large yellow flag of fix breadths of bunting at hoiVa fi^-"

the main topmast head; and if such ship or vessel shall not have nnl, onpeualty

a clean bill of health, then a like yellow flag, with a circular ofaocl.

y mark or ball entirely black thereon, whose diameter shall be equal

to two breadths of bunting, and in the night time the signal.shall, in both cases, be a large signal lantern, such as is commonJy used on board his Majesty's ships of war, with a light at the same matt head, and such commander, matter, or other per-J son shall keep such signals respectively, as the case shall be, hoiffed.during such time as the ship or veflei shall continue within fight of such other ship or veflei, or within four leagues of the said coasts or islands, and while so in fight* or within such distance, until such ship or vessel shall have arrived at the port or place where it is to perform quarantine, and until it shall have been legally discharged from the performance of quarantine, on failure Vol.XLII« B BBDijSllSiy^O

I',

7$6

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 80. [1800.

whereof such commander, matter, or other perfoa having charge of such ship or vessel so liable to the performance of quarantine, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of two hundred pounds.

Penaltyof 50l.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any matter, com-^clSsnot^ man4cr> or ot^er person having the charge or command of any.liable to qua- or vessel, not liable to the performance of quarantine, shall ? ran tine hoist- hoist such yellow flag, whereby other ships may be put to the ing a yellow inconvenience of changing their course, such matter, commander,

'; or other person as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty

j pounds.

Pilots con-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any pilot shall $ kf*n§ or conduct, or cause to be brought and conduced, any rantine^nto1" or ve^e^ liable to the performance of quarantine, into any place which is not, or which shall not be specially appointed for the reception of ships and vessels so liable'to the performance of quarantine, unless compelled by stress of weather, adverse wind?) or accidents of the seas, such pilot shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XV. And, to the end that it may be the better known whether onj flip or vcjfd be actually life fled with the plague, or other infettm disease or distemper as aforesaid, or whether such j, lip or vessel, or the.mariners or pajpngers coming, or the cargo imported in the same) ore \Vheri any^ atly or({er5 touching quarantine: be it further enacted, That

FnfeSed^irh when any country or place shall be infetfed with the plague, or the plague, or other such infectious disease or distemper as aforesaid, or when when any or- any order or orders shall be made by his Majesty in council confer shall be cerning quarantine, and the prevention of infection as aforesaid, then and in such case, as often as any ship or vessel shall attempt to enter into any port or place in Great Britain, or of the ides of Guernsey} Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, whether such port shall

' places not appointed, to forfeit 1001.

made by his Majesty concerning quarantine, the

; of every vef-. Fel, who, for \ refafal, shall forfeit 2001.

' l)ave ^ecn aPP°*ntccl forhe performance of quarantine or not,

performed at Pr^ncipa^ efficer of his Majesty's customs in such port or

theplace, shall place, or such person as shall be authorised to fee quarantine duly { demand cer- performed, shall go off, or cause some other person to be by him \ questions appointed for.that purpose to go off, to such ship or vessel, and o t ema er yuch 0ffccer or other person authorised to fee quarantine performed as aforesaid, or the person so by him appointed for that purpose, shall, at a convenient distance from such ship or vessel, demand of the commander, matter, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, and such commander, matter, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel shall, upon such demand, give a true answer in writing or otherwise, and upon oath or not upon oath, according as he shall by such officer or other person be required, to all such questions and interrogatories as shall be pur to him, by virtue and in pursuance of such regulations and directions as his Majesty, by order in council, shall be pleased to prescribe; and in case such commander, matter, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel shall, upon such demand made as aforesaid, refuse to make a true discovery in any of the particulars concerning which he shall bp interrogated

18:

F«

perl

Dial

ID

lire

(Ml

vb.

ar, (!

flip

cth'

fter

kqi

eith

kin

veil

ink

(on

«v.i

fitn

h

J

tfia* (hi \vi of to i 2nd tty

h

fa

s

n<-

'-ill:

f3vh

Mt: 55 b:

i V

'3 Cl

G

t; 3fi

TS3

;, 1

:r*

rJ*'

i: '

5

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. So.737

gated in manner aforesaid, such commander, matter, or other person having charge of such ship or veflci, for every such offence shall forfeit and pav the sum of two hundred pounds.

XVI. An.* he ir.further enacted, That in case it shall appear If* shall ap- f

Upon such examination or otherwise, that such ship or vessel is Mlll'i^ 1 tinder such circumstances as shall render it iiable to perform j; ^]- to perl j quarantine, and that the port where ic lo arrives is not the port farm quir.m-where it eunht so to perform quarantine, in such case it shall tine, the ofti-and may be lawful to and for the officers of any of his Majesty's

ships of war, or any of his Majesty's forts or garrrifons, and all ^'cp nialTcom-other his Majesty's officers whom it may concern, upon notice pel it to go to / thereof given to them, or any of them respectively, and to and t{, e appointed*for any other person or persons whom they shall call to their aid p^ace*

and^assistance; and such officers and other persons are hereby required to oblige such ship or vessel to go and repair to such place as hath been or shall be appointed for performance of quarantine, and to use all necessary means for that purpose, Matters of \ either by firing of guns upon such ship or vessel, or by any other vessels com- j kind of necessary force whatsoever* and in case any such ship or ^fce^vUited; veflci shall come from any place visited with the plague, or other wfttfthe UC*itifeflious disease or distemper as aforesaid, or shall have any per- plague, or son on board actually infected, and the commander, matter, or hayingnY »n-Other person having charge of such ship or veflci shall conceal the ^n^boar^and same, such commander, matter, or other person having charge of conceaIing thei such ship or veflci, shall he adjudged guilty of felony, and shall ftme, shall fufter death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy. lutfer death, j

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every matter, com- Matters of

mander, or other person having charge of any ship or vessel which vefTdsordered shall be ordered to perform quarantine as aforesaid, shall forth-to perform with, after his arrival at the place appointed for the performance ^ifdriiverto of his quarantine, deliver on demand to the chief officer appointed the chief ofti-to fee quarantine duty performed there, or person adbng for him, ccr appuiuted and which officer or person is hereby required to make such de- !° Ptr; mand, such bill of health and manifest as he shall have received bTll^lKakh1* from any British consul during his voyage, together with his log &c. on penalty book and journal, under pain of forfeiting the sum of five hundred of 500l.

pounds if he shall wilfully refuse and neglect lo to do.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every matter, com- Matters of 1

mander, or other peifun having the charge or command of any to quarantine / ship or vessel liable to perform quarantine, shall deliver to the to deliver to*confu) or other person acting as such, and where there is none the consul at; such residing the re, then to two known British merchants at the tnc port where: port at which he shall take on board any articles, a list, ichedule, ^rd:

or manifest, retaining one or more true copies thereof in his own articles, a possession, of all such artic les of every description, whether brought manifest:, who*as baggage, presents, or ot'nerwife, and of all packets, pareels, or transmit \ lettets, which lift, schedule, or manifest, shall by him be verified^0^5of* on oath, and subscribed before the British consul, or other per- the customs,: son or merchants as aforesaid, who shall attest the same by iub- and the maf- feribing his or their name or names thereto $ and such British ar* \

consul, or other person or merchants as aforesaid, shall transmit"th \

B B B 2. by the before the;

73s

officers of the customs at the port, that he has not received on board any articles but what are contained in the manifest.

Penalty on matters not producing all such articles.

Penalty on persons landing, or receiving any articles from on board such vessels.

Matters quitting, or suffering persons to quit vessels, or not in due time carrying them into the places appointed for quarantine, to forfeit jool.

Persons quit* ting such vef* feis may be compelled to return on board, and shall be liable to imprisoa-snent, tad penalty of tool.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 80. [1800.

the said lift, schedule, or manifest so signed» by him or them, as the case may be, to the commissioners of the customs in the port of London, for their information; and the said matter, commander, or other person as aforesaid, on his arrival in this kingdom, shall declare upon oath before the collector or principal officer of the customs at the port where he shall arrive, or at the port neared thereto, that he has not received any goods, packages, or articles whatever on board, either as baggage, presents, or otherwise, nor any letter or packets, or parcels of letters, but such as are specified in such lifts, schedules, or manifests; and in case the matter, commander, or other person as aforesaid, shall not, on delnand by such collector or principal officer of the customs, produce all or any of the articles so specified in such lifts, schedules, or manifests as aforesaid, or make it appear that the same have been unavoidably loft, destroyed, or consumed, such matter, commander, or other person, shall forfeit and pay, for every fych default, a sum not exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds, nor less than the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any person shall land or unship, or shall move, in order to tj)e landing or unshipping thereof, any goods, wares, or merchandize, or any small articles brought as baggage, presents, or other wise, or any letters or packets, or parcels of letters whatever from on board such ship or vessel, or shall receive the same after they have been so landed or undipped, he shall forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds, nor less than the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any commander, matter, or other person having charge of any ship or vessel liable to perform quarantine, and having notice that such ship or vessel is so liable, shall himself quit, or shall knowingly permit orfufferany seaman or passenger coming in such ship or vessel to quit such ship or vessel, by going on shore, or by going on board any other ship, boat, or vessel, before such quarantine shall be fully performed, unless in such cases, and by such proper licence as shall be directed "and granted by and by virtue of such order or orders made or to be made concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infection as aforesaid; or in case any commander, matter*, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, shall not, within a convenient time after due notice given for that purpose, cause such ship or vessel, and the lading thereof, to be conveyed into the place or places appointed for such ship, vessel, and lacting, to perform their quarantine respectively; then and in every such case every such matter, commander, or other person as aforesaid, for every such offence shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; and if any person shall so quit such ship or vessel by going on (bore, or by going on board any other ship or vessel contrary to the true meaning of this act, it shall and may be lawful for all persons whatsoever, by any kind ofne-ceflary force, to compel such person to return on board such ship or vessel; and every such person so quitting such ship or vessel shall, for every such offence, suffer imprisoment for the space of fix

months,

QIC

1C1

*hi

arr.

ri

no

be

OfO

cor

k

Lie

h

h

Kit

at,

be

er,

in

fir,

H

to

V

as

an

2f(

cl

to

to

k

<jo

cl]

3?

I

J <tu

J

1* > r»

v'£

lit

: r.ii

...n c >-

c

iifr

\\rf>

A

rt*

s*

'"-5

*r'

ii»: '

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 80 739

months, and shall also forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred.pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any ship or vessel When a vessel

which has performed quarantine in any foreign lazaret, shall arrives with a arrive in any of the ports of Great Britain, or the ides of Guern- flea, n.biILof fey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, with a clean bill of health, rrfAte/shall no goods or merchandize liable to retain the infection of the give notice plague, or other infectious disease or distemper as aforesaid, shall thereof, and be permitted to be landed or unshipped, unloaded or moved, infthccon-order to be landed out of such ship or vessel, but the mailer, and

commander, or other person having the charge or command of of the port in fudi ship or vessel shall immediately upon his arrival, give notice which he has thereof, and of the contents of his lifts, schedules, or manifests performed

as aforesaid, and of the foreign port in which such ship or vessel to thToffiw hath performed quarantine, to the principal officer of his Ma- of thecuf-jesty's customs at the port where he shall arrive, or at the port toms, that the nearest thereto, in order that the same may be forthwith laid faV*lay*before his Majesty's privy council; and if the master, command- p^ycoun^! er, or other person as aforesaid, or any person whatsoever, shall pen^jtv of land, or shall unship, unload, or move, in order to land any goods aool. for or merchandize out of the said ship or vessel, before an order of landing goods his Majesty's privy council shall be made, giving directions therein, before an or-or otherwise than shall be directed in the said order, every such (^ad^or0* person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of contrary two hundred pounds. thereto.

XXI. And whereas disobedlence or refractory behaviour in persons under quarantine, may be attended with very great danger to his Majesty's subjeth; be it further enacted, That all persons liable Persons liable to perform quarantine, whether in ships or in a lazaret, or else- to quarantine where, shall be subject, during the said quarantine, to such orders J^ders df° as they shall receive from the proper officers authorised to direct officers and superintend the due performance thereof; and the said officers authorised to are hereby empowed and required to enforce all necessary obedi- direct the per-ence to the said orders; and in case of necessity to call in others ^nna"c^Q to their assistance \ and all persons so called in are hereby required In^cnforce to assist accordingly j and such offices shall, and they are hereby obedience empowered and required to compel all persons obliged to perform thereto, and quarantine as aforesaid, to repair and to cause all goods and mer-^chandizes comprized within any such orders made or to be made

as aforesaid, to be conveyed to the said lazaret or other place duly appointed in that behalf, in such manner, and according to such shall neglect* diredionsas shall be made by order of his Majesty in council as to duly repair aforesaid; and if any person obliged to perform quarantine as to the place aforesaid shall wilfully refuse, or^rvegl€$l to repair within convent- appointed for enttime, after due noticofo^ that purpose given to him or her efS^heOtall by the proper officer to the said lazaret, dr other place duly he axnpelkd appointed for him or her, or having been placed in the said laza- to return, and ret or other place shall escape, or attempt to escape out of the tyV\ same before quarantine duly performed, it shall and may be law- J£tuSor° ful to and for the watchmen and other persons appointed to fee escaping, Quarantine performed, and they are hereby required, by such ihah suffer

8 8 8 3

740

Anno vegni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 80. [1800.

necessary force as the case shall require, to compel every such person so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and every such person so escaping or attempting to escape as aforesaid, to repair or return into such lazaret or other place so appointed for him or her as aforesaid $ and every person so refusing or neglecting to repair, within convenient time after such notice as afore-

laid, into the said lazaret or other place, and also every person

actually escaping as aforesaid, shall he adjudged guilty of felony,

nd suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Officers of the

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any officer of customs, &c. his Majesty's customs, or any other officer or person whatsoever nT led of1 or to w^om^doth or aPPerta, n to execute any order or orders dutyliiall made or to be made concerning quarantine, or the prevention forfeit their of insection, and notified as aforesaid, or to fee the same put in office, and execution, shall be guilty of any wilful breach or neglect of duty

the51' ffiaU^den ^at behalf, every such officer and person so offending shall

fert from their ^or^e*t such office or employment as he may be possessed of, and duty when shall become from thenceforth incapable to hold or enjoy the employed, or same, or to take a new grant thereof, and every such officer and permit any person shall forfeit and pay the sum of ore hundred pounds; and vefld'&c. so^any fuc^ °ccr or person shall desert from his duty when em-depart out of ployed as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and willingly permit any person, ship, vessel, goods, or merchandize, to depart or be conveyed out of the said lazaret, ship, or other place as aforesaid, unless by permission under an order of his JVLjeily, by and with the advice of his privy council, or if any person hereby author-tificates, they rifed and directed to give a certificate of a ship having duly Performed quarantine or airing, shall knowingly give a false certificate thereof, every such officer and person so oflFL*nding shall be \ deemed guilty of felony, and suffer death as in cases of felony

vdlflilly dla- without benefit of clergy and if any such officer or person (halt maging goadfi knowing! yand wilfully damage any goods performing quarantine performing, under his direction, he shall be liable to pay treble damages and

I

the lazaret, &c. or if the pjrfons authorized shall give false ccr-

U

quaran^ne. its any foundl I person shall - j enter a laza-/ ret, he shall perform quarantine; and if he escape, shall suffer death.

full costs of suit to the owner of the dame.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person not infected with the plague, or other infectious disease ordiftemper as aforesaid, nor liable to perform quarantine, shall enter the said lazaret or other place so appointed as aforesaid, whilst any person or persons infe#ed with the plague, or being under quarantine, shall be therein, and shall return or attempt to return from thence, pnlcfs in such cases and by such licence as shall be diredjed and granted by virtue of such order or orders of his Majesty in council as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the watchmen or other persons appointed to guard or secure the said lazaret or other place so appointed as aforesaid, by such neccfliry force as the case shall require, to compel such person so returning or attemping ta return, to repair into the said lazaret or other place so appointed as aforesaid, there to continue and perform quarantine; and in case such person shall aduaJIv escape out of the said lazaret or other place where he or she shall he so placed for performance of quarantine, before be or (he flull have fully

performed

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 80. 741

performed the same, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of felony,

' ": and shall Tuffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of

' clergy.

v.f.:,

XXIV. And whereas certain forts of goods and merchandises are: S more especially liable to retain insection, and may be brought from places vfctled into other countries, and from thence imported into his

s' Majesty's dominions in ships not obliged to perform quarentire^ be it enacted, That all such goods and merchandizes as shall be par- Goods, when \ r ticularly specified for that purpose in any order or orders of his specified in [.

r \t Majesty in council, made or to be made concerning quarantine, jjounci?as*

rj and the prevention of infection as aforesaid, which shall be im- liable to re-; ported into any of his Majesty's dominions from any foreign tain infeaion, 1'country or place in any ship or vessel whatsoever, shall be subject shall he liable and liable to such regulations and restrictions as shall be made by to ^uarailtmc*

rf, order of his Majesty in council respecting the same, for performing quarantine and the prevention of infection as aforesaid.

V;

XXV. And be it further enacted, That after quarantine shall After proof of j - jiave been duly performed by any ship or vessel, person or persons the Pefforn^;

r^obliged to perform quarantine as aforesaid, according to this act, rantine^and

f $ and <o such order or orders made as aforesaid, and upon proof to on certificate

", be made by the oaths of the master or other person having charge to that efsett,

" t1 of such ship or vessel, and of two of the persons belonging thereto, ve

: o: or upon proof to be m^de by the oaths of two or more

f's credible witnesses before t he collector, or principal officer of the ther restraint, customs at the port where such quarantine shall be performed,

( or at the port neatest thereunto, or before any justice of the peace living near to the port or place, or when such quarantine '* f shall have been performed, within any of the said isles of Guernsey, '

'.r, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, before any. two jurats or magi* strates of any of the said isles respectively, that such ship or vessel,

and all and every such person and persons respectively, have duly:: 'K performed quarantine as aforesaid, and that the ship or vessel,

: ^and all and every person and persons, are free from insection, and '

after producing a certificate to that purpose, signed by the chief officer who superintended the quarantine of the said ship, or, person acSing for him, then and in the said respe<Sfive cases such - coiledtor, or principal officer of the customs, or such justice of l > the peace, or such jurats or magistrates as aforesaid respectively, are hereby required to give a certificate thereof; and thereupon such ship or vessel, and all and every such person and persons so t-f having performed quarantine, shall be liable to no further re-

straint or.detention upon the same account for which such ship v - or vessel, person or persons, shall have performed quarantine as sf aforesaid.

if

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all goods, wares, and Goods to bei merchandizes liable to quarantineas aforesaid, shall be opened and °J^d \ f aired in such place or places, and for such time and in such man- Certificate of^ ner as shall be directed by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, proof of; f t by such order or orders to be made as aforesaid; and after such compliance, ^orders shall have been duly complied with, a certificate thereof:

f shall be given by the chief officer appointed to superintend the ^m^§traint#f

f b b b 4 D j

?i

74. Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 80. [1800.

quarantine, and airing of such goods, wares, and merchandizes, or by the person acting for him, and proof thereof shall be made by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses before the collector or other principal officer of the customs at the port lying next.to such place or places where such goods, wares, or merchan-

dizes Oral have been opened and aired as aforesaid, or before any justices of the peace living near the same, or before any two jurats or magistrates of the said isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Aldcrncj, \ Sark, or Man respectively, which cclle&or or other principal offi-'cer, or such justice, or two jurats or magistrates respectively, astbe j

case rnay be, shall also make certificate of such proof having been made; and upon the production of such certificates to his Majest/s '

i of of the customs in England or Scotland lelpectively, 1

or to the governor or lieutenant governor, commander in chief, or chief magistrate of any of the said last mentioned islands, as, the case may be, such goods, wares, and merchandize shall be forthwith discharged from any restraint or detention upon the same account, by order of the said of, or any three 1 or more of them, or of the said governor, lieutenant governor, commander in chief, or chief magistrate respectively.

Xf^rfons forg.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall

knowingly anc* wilfully forge or counterfeit, or procure to be 1 death.4 U'* C forged or counterfeited, any certificate directed and required to j (be granted by this act, or mall publish as true any such forged, or counterfeited certificate, knowing the same to be forged or

j counterfeited, he shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall \ suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy, or1"

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or

i Convey in g*any Persons shall knowingly or wilfully conceal from the officers of I articles from quarantine, or shall clandestinely convey any letters, goods, wares, any vefl- or merchandizes in or from any ship under quarantine, or liable under qua- to perform quarantine, or from the said lazaret, or other place from The^ where goods shall be performing quarantine, every such person lazarets, Pull so offending shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall (offer suffer deqth. death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

During the

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any plague m fime happen that any part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the isles vejJdTunder Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or France, Sfetn,

*0 tons may Portugal, or the low countries, shall be infected with the plague, be prohibited or any other infectious difeaf'c or distemper as aforesaid, it shall from failing and may iavvful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and succesa, begive^lrith by his their proclamation, to prohibit and restrain ail (null certain con- boats and vessels, under the burthen of twenty tons, from failing I dftions, or passing out of any port or place of Great Britain, or the isles of, Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, or any of them, until j security be nrft given by the master of every such boat or vessel respectively, to the satisfaction of the principal officer of the customs, or the chief macistrate of the port or place from whence such boat or vessel shall fail, by bond taken by such officer or magistrate, to the King, his heirs or successors, with sufficient furetjes in the penalty of three hundred pounds, with condition

tint

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 8o# 745

that if such boat or vessel shall not go to or touch at any counri y, port or place to be mentioned for that purpose in such proclamation; and if neither the master or ocher person having charge of such boat or vessel, nor any mariner or passenger in such boat or vessel shall, during the time aforesaid, go on board any other ship or vessel at sea; and such master or other person having charge of such boat or vessel shall not permit or suffer any person or persons to come on board such boat or vessel at sea from any other ship or vessel, and shall not, during the time'aforesaid, receive any goods and merchandizes whatsoever out of any other ship or vef- fel, then such bond shall be void, for the making of which bond /

mo fee or reward whatsoever shall be taken; and in case any boat If any such \ or vessel, for which such securify shall be required by such pro- j

clamation, shall set fail or pass out of any port or place of Great ^cUritybe ! Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and given itshall Many or any of them respectively, before such security be given be forfeited,; as aforesaid, every such boat or vessel so failing or passing out of any port or place, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this

ad, together with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be mariner on*forfeited to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and the master board, of, and every mariner failing in any such boat or vessel shall severally forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds. Publication in

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the publication in the the London < London Gazette of any order of council made in pursuance of this

ad, or his Majesty's royal proclamation made in pursuance of the counciU^be same, shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient notice to all sufficient no-persons concerned, of all matters therein respectively contained, tice.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all forfeitures and Recovery and penalties aforesaid, that shall be incurred by any offence com-^ppheation mitted against any part of this ad/ shall and may be recovered 0

by suit in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ in which no essoign, wager of law, or more than one imparlance;

shall be granted, or in Scotland by summary action in the court of session, or by prosecution before the court ofjusticiary there, or.by suit in any of his Majesty's courts in the islands of Guernsey, r Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Many by or by information before any two justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, or place where the offence was committed, and may be levied of the offender's goods and chattels, and if he shall not have goods and chattels equal in value to the amount of such forfeiture or penalty,then such offender shall be committed to gaol till payment thereof, and every such forfeiture and penalty shall belong and be given, one moiety to the person who shall sue for the same, and the other motery to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be applied towards defraying the expences of erecting ancj f maintaining the lazaret as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein Pertfonsau-by or by virtue and in pursuance of any of the provisions of this thorVed to ad, any examinations or answers shall be directed to be taken or t^ons^ayad-made upon oath, the person who shall by or by virtue of the same minister

be authorised and required to take such examinations and answers, oaths.

shall

Ie

744 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 80. [1800.

'shall and shall be deemed to have full power and authority to

i

'Offences, no\ felonious, (against this Jact or any.order of council, may be tried before two f justices, who may fine or imprison the offender.

- procuring, w.

others to do.; such examination, or if any person mail procure any other person*ft> to do, he or she shall be deemed to have been guilty of, and shall be liable to be prosecuted for wilful and corrupt perjury, ob subordination of wilful and corrupt perjury, as the case may be, ^nd shall suffer the penalties of the law in such cases respectively made and provided,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all offences committed against any of the provisions of this act (not being felony), and every offence or disobedience to any order of coiflTciljBade*for better carrying into execution this act, for whith nospecifick*penalty, forfeiture, or punishment is provided by this act, shall and may be tried, heard, and determined before any twojufiices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, or place where such offence or disobedience shall happen; and if any person shall be convicted of any such offence or disobedience, he or she shall be liable to such forfeiture and penalty, not exceeding the sum of fifty pounds for any one offence, or to such imprisonment, not exceeding

' three months for any one offence, as shall in the discretion of the j

two justices who shall fiave |ieard and determined the same, be A/ppfcation judged proper/ and.such forfeiture and penalty shall be paid, one of penalty*'moiety to (the sperson suing for the same, and the other to his \: Majesty, to be applied as the moieties of other forfeitures and

enalties are herein-before directed to be applied.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no

__________ attainder of felony by virtue of this act shall be extended to work

tion of Npodi any corruption of blood, or forfeiture of any goods, chattels, &c. j lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

/Offences com-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all offences com* i nutted upon knitted uppn the bigfi seas against this act, or against anj order of council made for carrying this act into execution, mail be deemed to be done within the body of the county nearest to the place where such offence was committed, and shall and may be prosecuted within such county.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any action or ma^Hjlad the ^Ult ^e commehcec* against any person or persons for any generafufue. thing done in pursuance and execution of this present act, or of any order of council made by virtue thereof, the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had the Veupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and in the execution of the said act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or - if judgement shall have been given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may Treble costa. recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as the

defendant

Nb attainder' of £}ony to worir^orrup-

( pe

i-jati

i the high»seas, may be ! prosecuted; within the nearest county. Defendants Way plead t general issue.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 8r. 745

defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law $^and Limtation of that no fuel) action or suit shall be brought against any person for a^tl0n8*\ any matter or thing done in pursuance or execution of this aeff, 'but within the space of two years after such matter or thing /ball.have been done.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this shall me nee and take effect, except as rs herein-before other wise pro-j* vided, on the first day of October one thousand eight hundred. I

CAP. LXXXI.

An act Jo repeal an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prevent frauds in the buying and selling of hops, and for the bettir colie ftion of the duty on hops; attd to prevent frauds and abufs in the trade of hops. — -[July 2of 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an at7, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prevent frauds in the buy- 14. Geo. 3. jngand felling of hops, has been found insufficient to answer the purposes c* re-

thereby intent edy and it is therefore expedient to repeal the said act, and cited> in lieu thereof to make such provision as is herein after directed; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, /

and by the authority of the same, That, from azid after the repealed,

passing of this act, the said act shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Owners /hall

passing of this act, every owner, planter, or grower of hops,

before he, she, or they shall begin to put any hops into any p|*tTn'any^ bag or pocket, shall mark, or cause to be marked on thp out-, hops, on pe-fide of each and every such bag or pocket, in large, plain, and tulty of 2ol* legible letters or characters, with durable ink or paint, his, her, or their name or names, and place of abode; and if any owner, planter, or grower of hops, shall begin to put any hops into any bag or pocket with out having marked, or caused to be marked in manner herein-before directed, the several matters and things hereiit-before required and prescribed, every such owner, planter, or grower, or other person or persons so offending, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds,

III. And be it further enacted, That no owner, planter, or Hops not to grower of hops shall bag any hops in any bag, the weight of bagged hi which bag shall be greater in proportion to the gross weight of er

such bag and the hops contained therein than ten pounds for than in the every one hundred and twelve pounds of the said gross weight proportion of of such bag and the hops contained therein; and if any owner, I0^f<^revhcry planter, or grower of hops shall bag any hops in any bag, the'*fs weigju of which bag shall be greater in proportion to the gross of bag ami weight of such bag and thje hops contained therein than ten bops, on pe-pounds for every one fulndred and twelve pounds of the gross nalty of 20l. weight of such bag and the hops contained therein^then^Qflg

746 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 81. [r8oo.

in every such case every owner, planter, or grower so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

officer of ex-

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as any °ccr exc^e have weighed and taken account of any the grot's^ hops for the purpose of ascertaining and charging the duty weight with thereon, such officer shall, and he is hereby authorised and re-the year of quired to mark, or cause to be marked, in large legible figures, th°WroVTf with durable ink or paint, on the outside of each and every bag live munber or Poc^et> containing such hops, the true gross weight of such according to bag or pocket of hops, together with the date of the year in the number which such hops were grown; and also with the true progressive 1 ot bags char g- number of such bag or pocket, according to the numbers of the ! owner^for the or Poc^ets of hops weighed and charged to each owner,

lea to n. planter, or grower of hops, during the then current year or hop -

fealon; such number to be taken progressively, beginning one, two, and so onwards, according to the number of bags or pockets of hops weighed and charged to each owner, planter, or grower as aforesaid, jn* each such current year or hop season; Persons couii. and jf any person or persons shall counterfeit or alter, or cause, i ir^sa^re-6 Procurc» or suffer to he counterfeited or altered, any or either of ]

f id shall for the matters or things herein-before directed to be marked, or I

idt iool.j caused to be marked and so marked, or cause to be marked by any and for de- such owner, planter, or grower of hops, or so herein-beforedi-fh^l forfdt^81 re<^ec* to marked, artd f° marked by any such officer as afore-i0l# said, the person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, severally forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds j and if any person or persons shall wilfully deface or obliterate any or either of the matters or things herein-before directed to be marked, or caused to be marked, and so marked, by any such owner, planter, or grower of hops, or herein-before directed to be marked, and so marked by any such officer as aforesaid, or shall cause or procure any such matter or thing to be defaced or obliterated, or shall connive at any such matter of thing being so defaced or obliterated, the person or persons io offending shall, for each and every such offence, severally forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds.

V. And whereas it is expedient that no planter or owner of hty! ti grow in Great Britain should remove or convey away any hpi fm his, her, or their oufts^ storehouses, or other places where such btfi shall have been weighed by any inferior officer of excise until juib tim Hops not to as is herein after prescribedy be it therefore enacted, That no be removed owner, planter, or grower of hops, growing or to grow in Grtst trom theplace Britain^ shall remove or convey away, or caure or suffer to be \ betbre^he'ex* remove<^or conveyed away, any hops from the oust, storehouse, or prration of n other place where the same shall have been weighed, for the houra, unless purpose of charging the duty before the expiration of twelve the iarae shall hours next after such hops shall have been so weighed, unless the welghe^f byC" ^ame sooner have been weighed or re-weighed by the super- 1

the supervu visor of excise, to the end that such supervisor may have an of- fur) on penal- portunity to re-weigh the same $ and if upon the rc-weighing of tyofsoh, any

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 8x. 747

any such hops, any additional weight shall be found, such hops shall be liable to and chargeable with the duty of excise imposed for or in respect of such hops, according to such last mentioned weight; and if any such owner, planter, or grower, shall remove or convey away, or cause or suffer to be removed or conveyed away, any such hops, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the owner, planter, or grower of such hops so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no planter or owner of Owner of hops to grow \n Great Britain shall at any time be obliged to

give more than twenty-four hours notice of his or her intention notice of his to weigh hops: provided always, That tre particular time to be intention to specified in any stich notice for the weighing of hops, shall be weigh them, between the hours of four in the morning and five in the even-Time of ing; any thing in this or any other acV of parliament to the weighing he-

contrary in anywise notwithstanding. wkH

...111 in the mnrn-

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no ing ?nd five

officer of excise, inferior to the rank or degree of a supervisor of in the even-excise, shall be at liberty to weigh, or shall be permitted to weigh, nK-any hops at any oust, storehouse, or other place of any owner,ft"

planter, or grower of hops, between the hours of five in jje

evening and four in the morning; and if any such owner, planter, furred to or grower shall permit or suffer any such inferior officer to weigh weigh hops any such hops between the hours aforesaid, contrary to the di- between hve regions of this act, every such owner, planter, or grower so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and losein the mom-the sum of twenty pounds. ing, on pe-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every owner, IU, tV ot 2o1* planter, and grower of hops growing or to grow in Great Britain

shall, and he, (he, and they respectively is and are hereby re- k^Pps j^Sca quired to keep sufficient and just feales and weights at his, her, and weights or their oufts, storehouses, or other places, where such hops at the place of shall have been so weighed, and also to permit and suffer any fn

supervisor of excise to use the same for the purpose of re-weighing such hops; and if any such owner, planter, or grower shall neg- uie them, on left to keep such feales and weights, or either of them, or shall penalty of not permit or suffer any supervisor of excise to use the same for^h the purpose aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and if any such^owner, planter, or grower shall, for the re-weighing of any such u4igj, tg> hops, provide or make use of, or cause or procure, or suffer to shall lx.* used, be provided or made use of, any false, unjust, or inefficient they shall be feales or weights, or shall practise any act, device, or contrivance ami

by which any such supervisor of excise may be hindered or pre- fl, aii°forfeit vented from taking the just and true weight of any such hops, 100l. then and in every such case such owner, planter, or grower shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, together with all such false, unjust, or inefficient feales and weights respectively, and the same shall and roav be seized by any supervisor or officer of excise.

IX^AndLip

748

Owner s, wheti required by supervisor, shall put hops into the scale to be re-weighed, and aiiilt him therein, on penalty of $ol.

Persons obtruding officers in the execution of their duty, (half forfeit tool.

Penalties and forfeitures, how to be levied and applied*

Preamble*7 Geo. 3. c. 13.

So much of recited act, and of fuble-questa&s, aa

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 82. [1800.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every owner, planter, and grower of hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, shall, when and so often as he, she, or they shall be thereunto required by any supervisor of excise, bring, or cause to be brought to, and be put into and taken out of, the scale, all hops belonging to such owner, planter, dr grower, and which such supervisor shall be desirous to re-weigh, and shall also, on the request of such supervisor, by themselves respectively, and with a sufficient number of their servants, aid and assist, to the utmost of their power, such supervisor of excise in re-weighing all such hops of such owner, planter, or grower, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect or refusal thereof, the sum of fifty pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall aifault, oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder, any officer or officers of excise in the due execution of this act, or of any of the powers or authorities given by this act, all and every such person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, severally forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, or methods, ai any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at If'ejhninjhr, or in the court of exchequer in Scotlandre-spectively, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or than who shall inform, discover, or sue for the fi^ne.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for suspendwr, until the twentieth day of August one thousoni eight hundred\ the duties on foreign hops imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof — [July 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS "7>y an act, made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of kis present Male fly, for repealing the frveral duties of cujhms and excise, and granting other ditties in lieu thereof and for other furprfes, a duty of nifems of five pounds eighteen shillings and ten-pence is wipe fed tipo / every hundred weight cfhfps imported into Great Britain, and by fevered subsequent a ft s- certain ether duties hove been imposed in addition thereto: and whereas it is expedient ibatfi much of the fdd atIs as iwposes the duties on hops imported should be suspended for a limited time, a ad that other duties /houid be imposed in lieu thereof during such fujbcnfton: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal^ andeemmons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the paffirg of this pft, «so much of the said acts as imposes the said duties- upon the importation of hops shall be, and the same

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 85.' 749

same are hereby suspended unto and until the twentieth day of imposes duties August one thousand eight hundred. on the impor-

II. And be it further enacted, That, ^intil the said twentieth shall be fut?* day of August one thousand eight hundred, instead and in lieu of pended till the said duties'hereby suspended, there shall be raised, levied, Aug.28, 1S00*, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his and instead of heirs and successors, a duty of customs upon every pound weight the duties so avoirdupois of hops imported into Great Britain, the sura of one penny and twelve twentieth parts of a farthing, and so in pro- pai(j a cust0m portion for any greater or less quantity; and that so much of the duty on every said duties hereby suspended, as became due and payable between |b- of hops the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety- ^J^-iotha nine and the time of the pa fling of this act, shall not be paid or paya- of a farthing, ble, but instead and in lieu thereof, the duty by this act granted shall which duty be paid, and upon the payment thereof, any bonds that shall ^hfdfo be have been entered into for payment of the duties hereby suspended those'payable shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be null and void, between Nov. and shall be cancelled accordingly. 1, 1799, and

III. And be it further enacted, That the duty by this act the passing of granted shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, andthltta<a* applied in like manner and under such and the same rules, regu- J^d^nd laiions, and reftfidtions, penalties and forfeitures, as the duties p^d as di-on the importation of hops are now raised, levied, collected, re&ed by repaid, recovered, and applied by virtue and in pursuance of the cited ad.

said act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for permitting French wines to be imported intact his kingdom from tfye isles of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, in bottles or fiajks.

[June 28, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in ike twenty-seventh year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing 27 Geo. 3. the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other^I3-duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties competing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, amongst other things, provifwt is made respecting the importation of French tvine into Great Britain from the islands ^Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, for a limited time, (which has expired), on payment of certain duties therein enumerated: and whereas it is expedient that such wine should be permitted to be so imported; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by qjid with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, ity this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 84. [1800.

of the same, That, from and after the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred, it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, any French wines in bottles or flasks, as well for sale as for private use, on payment of the several and respective duties as the same are respectively inferred, described, and set forth in the table and schedule annexed to the said recited act, jnarked C. and F., and all other duties, as well customs or excise, as are now due and payable on the importation of such wines by any other act or 2cts of parliament j provided that such wines shall be imported in British-built ships or vessels, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, and in such manner, and under the like rules, regulations, conditions, and restrictions, and shall be subject and liable to such and the like penalties and forfeitures, as are provided and enacted in the said recited act.

II. And be further enacted, That if any french wines in bottles, or flasks dull have been so imported into Great Britain, from Guernsey, ferfey, or Alderney, since the expiration of the time limited in the said recited act as aforesaid, the same shall be subject and liable to the payment of, and shall be charged with the several and respective duties, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said table and schedule annexed to the said recited act, marked C. and F., any law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act to render valid indentures of apprenticeship of poor childrtn and others, made upon improper /lamps* upon certain conditmy and to indemnify all persons who may have incurred pmltui thereby; and for allowing attested copies of indentures, leases, or deeds, to be Jlainped after the ingrossing* writings or printing that* of.

[July 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS divers indentures of apprenticeship, made for tk binding poor children and others* have through mifidkt end inadvertency* and without any intention to defraud the revenue, foot made out and executed upon stamps of a different denomination and value than is required by the several ofis relating to the /lamp duti/t charged and payable upon indentures of apprenticeship* and by rtajft thereof great inconvenience has arisen and may arise to the majhrs end mistressess of such apprentices* and to such apprentices* by mfon thal fuel) indentures are not valid or binding upon arty of the parties therttr. and whereas it is expedient that the same should be ye bit fed: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enafied; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and remporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Indentures of authority of the same, That upon payment, on or before the ffmTmpro-^7anuarJ one thousand eight hundred and one, of the

pe<?y stamped, full rate or duty payable in respect of any such indenture, or on the

75°

From May io»

1860. French wines in bottles or hulks may be im-poited in Bri-tiili ships from Guernsey, Jcr-fey, or Alderney, on payment of the duties set forth in the table of the recited act marked C. and F. and all other duties payable on wines imported.

French wines imported since the expiration of the time limited by the recited act shall be charged with the duties thereby imposed in the table Q. and

F.

[Preamble.]

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 84. 7^1

the production at the head office of (lamps of any such inden- on payment tures of apprenticeship where the same (hill have been stamped b>'Jan- xr with any (lamp of a higher value though of a different denomi- sup (/JtVpfy-nation than is required bylaw, every such indenture shall, on able thereon, being tendered at the proper place in the (lamp office where such or such as indentures are stamped, during the time of office hours, be Jwith stamped wirh the proper (lamp for such indentures, without the J payment of any penalty whatever; and every such indenture higher value, being so stamped as aforesaid with the proper (lamp (whether shall be (terap-the same shall be so stamped during the time mentioned in any ed With the such indenture, or afrer the expiration thereof) shall thereupon ^{Jout piy-be good, valid, and available in law and equity, and shall be ment of any binding upon all the parties thereto, and shall be deemed to have penalty, and been in full force from the execution thereof, and shall and maybe*

given in evidence in any court or courts whatsoever, and the fe- VII 1 teral clerks, apprentices, or servants, therein respectively named,

shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended profession, trade, employment, or business, as fully as if the said indenture had been properly stamped at or after the execution thereof; and all and every person and persons who hath or have incurred any penalty or forfeiture by any such neglect or omission as aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from, and indemnified against the same, except only in such cases where any prosecution shall be now depending; any thing in any act or acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty sevent h year of the reign of his present Majesty, certain ft amp duties were granted upon every copy purporting to be a true copy, or attested to be a true copy* of any indenture, lease^ or other deed^ or any part thereof for the Je- curity or use of any person other than the person having or being entitled to the custody of such indenture, lease, or other deed: and whereas by an act passed in this Jeff on of parliament, intituled An act to amend several laws relating to the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, the JaidJlantp duties were repealed as to certain copies in the said act described, and other duties granted in lieu thereof: and whereas it would greatly tend to imreafe the number of copies of indentures, leases, and other deeds liable to the said duties, if the same were allowed to be stamped after the ingrojfng, writing, or printing thereof to the great increase of the said ft amp 9°.Pies°f duties thereon; be it therefore enacted, That in case any copy, deeds* purporting to be a true copy, or attested to be a true copy, of liable to the any indenture, lease, or other deed, and liable to either of the duties granted duties granted by either of the said recited acts, shall, within^37 Geo. 3. sixty days after the date of the attestation of such copy, b© c. 7*! of this brought to the head office of the said of of (lamps to session, may be stamped with either of the said duties, according to the nature be stamped and description of such copy, then and in such case it shall be whhiniSo days lawful for the said of, and they are hereby authorised^0^ to cause the same to be stamped with the proper (lamp, upon on payment payment of the duty only, and without any penalty whatsoever. of the duty

VquXLU. Ccc CAP.*-

752

[Preamble,

39 Geo. 3. c. 100.

Recited act shall continue in force till April 5, 1801.

The fishers and curers of ti 1)1 in the Jil? cd' shall be entitled to the addition d bounty of is. planted by 35 Geo. 3. c. 56. for every b.tr-rti ot herrings landed in that island, to be p ^nl out of the iurplufage of the curtoms there, in manner direct cJ by 26 Geo. 3. c. &l«

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 85. (i8<Jo, CAP. LXXXV.

An act to continue, until the fifth day of April one thousand eight bun* dred and oney and amend an act of the lajlfeffm of parliament, fir continuing several aft5 for the encouragement of the firithb fisheries.

[July 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS an at7, passed in the lafi feffUn of parliament, intituled An act to revive and continue, until the end of the next session of parliament, an act made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to continue and amend an act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, c An act for the mote effectual encouragement of the British fisheries, and to amend an act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for extending the fisheries, and improving the sea coast of this kingdom, mil expire at the end of the presentfffion of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the fold aft should be further continued; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act passed in the last session of parliament, and all the powers and provisions therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth day 01 April one thousand eight hundred and one,

II. And whereas by an at1, paffid in the thirty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ' An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries, ' an additional bounty of one shilling per band was dir eft ed to be paid for all herrings which should be landed any boat or vessel not entitled to the bounty of twenty shillings per in, but entitled to the bounty of one shilling per barrel, granted by an act passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the more effectual encouragement of the Britishi&^ cries: and whereas doubts have ar fen whether fifiers and curers of fish, refilling in the Isle of Man, are entitled to the benefits of thefad additional bounty; be it hereby enacted, That, from and after the pnfHng of this act, and during the continuance thereof, the ftiJ fishers and curers of fish, residing in the said island, shall hare and receive the said last mentioned additional bounty for all herrings landed in the said island, in like manner as fish curers reading in Great Britain are entitled to receive such bouuty for herrings landed in Great Britain: provided always, That in every such case the said additional bounty shall be payable and paid oat of the surplusage of the annual customs of the said island, in such manner as is prescribed and directed by tfbe said act paiftd ta the twemy-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and not other ways.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 86.

CAP. LXXXVt.

An act for the better grtfcrvation of timber in the New Foreff, In the coqnfy of Southampton $ and for ascertaining the boundaries of the - "laidwell, add of the lands of the crown, within the same.

[July 28,

*, tftro.] ,

Act $*rid* ib Oul. 3. d 3d rented. His Majesty may appoint of to afeertnin and dist!nguith the boundaries of the NjOv Forest, and of the lands of his Majesty's iubjffts within the same, and to enquire of purpreftures, See. The of my compromise difptues ivhcro the value of so much of the matter indispute, as not be propo/ed to be yielded to his Majesty, shall not exCe'd icocl bur if it exceed that film, they shall transmit a report of the matter to the treasury. wit!) their, opinion; and if the preposed comyromife be approved, they mpy settle the matter accordingly. It a claimant ill ill not make any p'opofil, or a propofi! shall not be approved, the of shall a fa rrain the rights of his Majesty; and if a claimant shall fr-rnify his submission to the matter bring settled by their award, their decilion shall be final; where parties shall not submit to the judgement of the of, the matters may be tried In the court of exchequer, See. In actions the venue shall be laid in the county of Southampton, and shall be tried at the iir/t or second affixes after the defendants shall have pleaded to issue. It timber, &c. not exceeding the value ofooool. be Handing upon any lands in dispute, the of may agree with the claimant for the ipplication thereof, though the same, with the land, shall exceed that value, bodies politick. See. may compromise disputes with the of Timber trees cut'down and allotted to corporations, &c. not entitled to cut timber, shall be sold under the direction of the of, and the money disposed of as directed by this act. If the comm flioners shall find any land belonging to his Majesty which has bern for fifteen years inclosed, and enjoyed without interruption, ard has been impiovtd, they may grant a lea fe thereof. But if they Hull dirt ft the inclosure to be thrown open, they may direct a compeniatiou to be made for thv improvements. The of shall give noli e of the r meeting? in the London Gazette and certain newspapers. Adjourned meetings may be held without publick notice. Two of may appoint and hold meetings, and the majority present may do all acts. The proceedings of the conn iftioners to be entered in books, which shall be returned into lh^ office of the auditor of the land revenue. If boundaries cannot be ascert"ined by suffi-«ient marks or descriptions in writing, the of shall cause* them to be marked with ft ones placed at proper eiftmees. When the comm iffloners shall have ascertained the boundaries, they shall c^use a map to be made, in which the boundaries of the forest and the hnds therein belonging to his Majesty shall be distinguished, as also the lands of other persons, as far as can be ascertained; and one certified copy shall be transroitted to the Reward of the forest, and the other to the auditor of the land revenue. The of on request shall certify in what manner di/puted boundaries shall have been settled, and return Inch certificate to the auditor of the land revenue, and also deliver a copy to the party intcrested, he paying for the same. After one part of the map shall have been deposed amongst the records of the court of attachments of the forest, all unlawful inclcCures, &c. shall be inquired of by the verderer in the said court, who may fine offenders, and order the inclosures to be abated. If any qudlion shall arise respecting the boundaries of thd forest, &c. they shall be decided by the map, which shall be admitted as conclusiveevidence.

If any person shall retain possession of any inclosure or building ordered to be thrown open or taken down by the court of attachments, or a<jain icdofe Rich land, or fct up such building, or shall obstruct any officer obeying Inch order, he shall be punished by fine or imprisonment, at the discretion of the court. The verderers at any court of attachments may appoint officers for executing the orders of the court, who shall have the authority vf peace officers. Under forciters and groom keepers shall,

c c c*ni, i, i7 JWfOO

7 ^4 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 87. [1800.

before the holding of courts of attachments, survey such parts of the forest as lie within their walks, and take an account ofall inclosures, &c. since i their lait survey, and shall deliver to the verderers at, (he court preferments of inclosures, &c. and make oath as to pertain particulars. Bis Majesty may cause 400 acres of land within the forest to be inclosed for producing hay for the deer, Scc. The under foresters or groom keepers, for three years after passing of this art, shall deliver to the verderers it the hr It attachment court in each year an account of the number of deer within their respective walks, See. and the court, if thought expedient, Hull assign the quantity, See. of browse wood to be cut by each for theenfuiw leafon, and after that term no browse wood shall be cut. While hrowfc wood shall be allowed to be cut, every under forester or, groom keeper shall, at every court of attachments, deliver to the verderers an account of the 1

browse wood cut and taken by him fmee the preceding court, See. Jf any \

forester, Sic. shall unlawfully cut down, top, browse, See, any tree, kc.he;

shall forfeit his o/lices, but may he restored 5 and Fora second offence shall:

forfeit not exceeding 10l. and his offices, and be incapable of holding any J

office within the forest or the courts thereof. The verderers at any court of attachments may enquire into the condurt of the under foresters and 1

groom keepers, and for neglect of duty may fine them 10l. for the first

offence; for a second offence they shall forfeit their offices, but may be re-

stored, but if again converted, shall be incapable of holding any office J

within the forest. Art not to infringe any right under letters patent, j

The commissioners may treat for the fate of smallparccls of land belonging t

to or claimed by the crown, which are intermixed with the lands ofiwi- {

viduate, and are not valuable for the purpose of the forest. Land lobe'fold not to exceed in any instance the value of 500l. The treasury before

the expiration of ten years after passing this art, may contract for exch*M- 1 (

ingany waste lands of the crown within tire forest for any other laws ! I

therein, not more than two miles from such wastes, fit for the growth of j j timber, or to be enclosed for producing hay for the deer. Deeds for such exchanges with a map of the lands exchanged shall be enrolled in the office of the auditor of the land revenue, Sec, Land of the crown to be exchanged, shall not exceed in any instance the value of 500L Lands to be f

exenanged shall be valued by able land surveyors on oath, and all other j

cautionary proceedings shall be had, as required by 34 Geo. 3. c. 75.

[Preamble.]

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for the more effectual prevention of depredations on the river Thames, and in its vicinity; and to amend an ac/, made in tk Je: ond year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent the cm-mitting of thefts and frauds by persons navigating bum boats mi other boats upon the river Thames.

[July 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS for the more effectual prevention of ckpreiatmx the cargoes j /lores, and materials of ships and vessels lyin' jW being in the river Thames, it may be expedient to cjlabhjh in amt-nient place near the said river, a publick office, of the nature f several offices commmly calUd Police Offices, instituted under tit ex* -I thority of an act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his frefrt Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectgal administration' c. 5 3> recited, the office of a justice of the peace, in such parts of the counties 0:MidtHcsex and Surrey as lie in or near the metropolis} and for the more.effectual prevention of felonies: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confirm of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament, His Majesty assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be' may cause*, 7 Wul.

31 Geo. 3.

I

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 87. 75;

lawful for his Majesty to cause a publick office to be established publick office at or near trapping New Stairs, in the parish of Saint John of1beestablish-Vyapping, in the county of Middlesex, under the name of The Wap^ing New Thames Police Office, and to appoint, three fit and able persons, Stairs, and, being each of them a justice of the peace for the counties of appoint thr£e Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, and for the city and liberty of (Pccul justicea Westminster, and for the liberty of the tower of London, to fit and Ingcomphhiu act, by the special appointment of his Majesty, for the purpose of of offences hearing and determining complaints of offences committed on committed on the river Thames, within the limits of the aforesaid counties, city, ^Imes and liberties respectively, or elsewhere within the limits aforesaid, 1 ames* and of executing all other powers appertaining to the office of a justice of the peace, and arising within the said limits.

II. And be it further enacted, That one or more of the said Justices to special justices to be appointed as aforesaid, shall diligently attend ^i^hout at the said publick office every day, from ten in the morning until -eight in the evening, and at such other times and places as shall be found necessary; and that two of the said justices so to be appointed as aforesaid shall in like manner attend together at the said office from eleven in the forenoon until one in the afternoon, and from fix in the evening until eight in the evening of every day: provided always, That the attendance of one of the said justices may be supplied during the hours at which the attendance of two is required as aforesaid, by any other justice of the peace for the said counties, city, and liberties respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said special justices Account of so appointed to attend at the said publick office as aforesaid, and their clerks, shall, in books to be provided for that purpose, keep Oflicetobe a full, true, and particular account of all the fees taken and re- delivered ceived at the said office, as also of all' penalties and forfeitures monthly to which shall have been recovered, levied, or received in pursuance ^rtchCgiver* of any adjudication, conviction, or order, had or made at the, JJ|0Unt paid said publick office, or any process or warrant issuing from to him. the same, and also of all other sum and sums of money which shall be at any time received by the said justices, their clerks or officers, under and by virtue of this act, to which said books and accounts, the receiver to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, shall at all times have free access, and the said justices shall once in every month deliver unto such receiver such account, verified upon oath by such justices, or one of them, their clerk or clerks, and such other person or persons as shall be employed in keeping such accounts respectively, or any part thereof, before some justice of the peace for one of the said counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, or Essex, which oath such justice is hereby authorised and required to administer, and shall pay and cause to be paid the amount of all such fees unto such receiver, to be applied in manner herein after mentioned; any law, statute, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the estab- All penalties Ijihment of the said publick office, all such penalties and for- .(except to feitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures, as are or shall be pi^s^riev-<

C C C 3 WCOVCivd-

?s«

at the office shall be paid to the receiver.

His Majesty, by advice ot' bir. privy council, may direct inlands to be paid to the justicea, Sec.

Salary to each net to exceed 4001. nor the whole expence of the oflic.' 8cool. His Majesty tnay ippoint a rer; r*vei oi all i'ecs, 6cc.

Duty of the receiver.

Receiver to have such^fdary act his Majesty faall appoint, and to poflcls the same powers as the receiver under 31 Geo. 3. c. 53.

If trie monies applicable by the receiver shall not amount to V ooool. the

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 87. [1800.

limited and made payable to his Majesty, his heirs andfticcelTors, or to any description of persons, other than the infornaer or informers who shall sue for the same, or any party grieyed, and which shall be recoverable in a fqmmary way before a justice or justices of the peace, and which shall be recovered or adjudged I

before any justice or justices of the peace at the said public I

office, shall be accounted for and paid into the hands of the receiver, to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, by the justice, clerk, constable, officer, or other person or perfom who shall levy or receive the same, to be applied by such receiver in manner herein after mentioned; atoy law, statute, or custora to the contrary notwithstandinef.

V. And be it further enacted, That it (hadl and may belaw^ ful for his Majesty, his hfeirs and successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, to direct salaries to be paid to the justices so appointed to attend the said publick office, for their time and trouble, and such further sums for their expences in the said offices, and for the payment of clerks and others therein employed, in such manner as to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his or their p, rivy council, shall seem meet: provided always, That the yearly fatary paid to each of the justices shall be four hundred pounds, clear of all taxes and deducficms whatever: provided also, That the whole charges attending the said office (the said salaries being included) shall not exceed the annual sum of eight thousand pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to appoint any proper person to he the receiver of the said publick office} which aid receiver shall receive all fees, penalties, forfeitures, and all and every other sum and sums of money applicable to the purposes of this act; and from the produce of such fees, penalties, forfeitures,

Aim and sums of money, shall pay, discharge, and disturfe all the salaries, expences, and charges attending the said publick office, and the carrying this act into execution, and shall make all such contracts as shall from time to time be necessary for that purpose; and shall every six months, and oftener if required, deliver to his Majesty's principal secretary of (late for the home department, but to no other person or persons whomsoever, a full and particular account of all monies by him received and paid as aforesaid, with vouchers for the same, which account shall be verified upon oarth before any justice or baron of any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster \ and such receiver so to be appointed under this act, shall have and be entitled to such salary and allowance^ as his Majesty shall from time to time be pleased to direct and appoint; and shall also possess and exercise the same powers and remedies for recovering all fees and penal- i

ties, sum and sums of money whatever, to be due and payable to j

the said receiver under and by virtue of this act, as are given by the said act of the thirty-second year of his present Majesty to the receiver appointed under that ad: provided always, That if

it shall appear that the monies applicable by the said receiver to;

be j

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 87. 757-

be appointed under this act, in discharge of the salaries, ex- deficiency pences, and charges attending the said publick office, and the jj.' carrying of this act into execution, shall not amount to the the coiiibli-annual sum of eight thousand pounds, the deficiency shall be dated fund, made up and supplied out of the consolidated fund; and if at the and if they end of any year there shall be any surplus beyond the said sum of ^[^3 letjlC eight thousand pounds in the hands of such receiver, he shall pay the amount of such surplus into the receipt of his Majesty's the exch.e-exchequer, and the same shall be carried to and made part of the quer» consolidated fund.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and Justice* mav for such special justices so to be appointed under the authority of

this act, or any two of them, as soon as conveniently may be 0/"0 after such their appointment, to appoint, retain, and employ a and may fuf-sufficient number of fit and able men as constables, to be cm- pend ordif-ployed on land, or on board ships, lighters, or craft, in and mi^s them* upon the said river within the limits aforesaid, or in boars to be hired for the purpose; which said several persons shall reflectively take an oath duly to execute their respective offices, and such oath shall be administered by one of the said special justices; and each of such persons being so appointed and sworn, shall have power to act as a constable for the preservation of the peace, and for the fecttrity of property against felonious and other unlawful modes of obtaining and receiving the same, as well on the said river within the limits aforesaid, as on land within any and every of the said several counties, city, and liberties aforesaid; and for apprehending offenders against the peace, as well by night as by day, and within the limits aforesaid, every such constable shall have all such powers and authorities, privileges and advantages, as any constable duly appointed now has, or hereafter may have within his constablewitk; and shall obey all such lawful commands as he shall from time to time receive from such special justices, or any one of them, or from the Thames police, surveyors, as herein after mentioned, for the apprehending of offenders, or otherwise con juring himself in the execution of such office of constable; and two or more of such special justices may at any time suspend or dismiss from his employment every such constable whom they shall think remiss or negligent in the execution of his office, or otherwise unfit for the same, and appoint such other fit person in his stead as to the said justices shall seem meet; and upon every such difimflion, all powers and authorities, allowances, emoluments, privileges, and advantages, vested in the person so dismissed, by virtue of his appoint* ment as aforesaid, shall immediately cease and determine,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said special justices, and nlfo any or any two of them, shall and may from time to time, at their number of diferection, appoint, retain* and employ any number of fit and

discreet men not exceeding thirty at any one time, who, under thirty under the name of Thames Police Surveyors, shall each of them (being the n.ime of first duly sworn in manner above mentioned) have the power* ^ba^s^Po-authority, and privileges and advantages of a constable as-forc-

CCCthe

758

conduct of

thecouitables,

See,

The court of

nlTistants of the Trinity House may dismiss ennobles or iur-veyors.

Receiver to pay the con-ltables and surveyors

such Salaries as the justices shall appoint, with the approbation of the 1'ecre-tary of state.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. a 87. [1800.

said, within the limits aforesaid, for the purpose of directng and inspetfing the conduct of the said several constables, and of all persons to be employed in and about ships and vessels lying and being in the said river, or in and on the several wharfs, quays, and landing places thereto adjacent, and within the limits of the aforesaid counties, city, and liberties respectively, under the authority or superintendance of the said special justices, who may, when they think proper, suspend or difmife any such Thamu police surveyors, and appoint others in their stead.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the matter, wardens, and aflittants of the guild, fraternity, or brotherhood of the most glorious and undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement in the parish of Deptford Strong in the county of Kent, shall at any time be diflatished with the conduit of any such constable or surveyor, so appointed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said matter, wardens, and aflittants, by order of their court of aflittants to dismiss from his said employment every such constable or surveyor as aforesaid, with whole conduct they shall respectively be dissatisfied; and every such constable or surveyor so dismissed shall, from and after the time when any such order shall have been produced and made known to him, be incapable of exercising either of the said offices, unless and until such court of assistants, who shall have made such order, shall think fit to revoke the lame.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver (out of the monies applicable by virtue of this a & in discharge of the salaries, expences, and charges attending the said publick office), shall and may pay to the constables and surveyors, so to be appointed as aforesaid, for their trouble and attendance as aforesaid such salaries and allowances as the said justices shall from time to time direefk and appoint, with the approbation and consent of his Majesty's secretary of state for the home depart-

ment.

Duty of the

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe

surveyors. lawful to and for every such Thames police surveyor, in virtue of such his office, (subject to the orders of the said justices to be appointed as aforesaid), to enter at all times, as well by night as by day, into and upon every ship, hoy, barge, lighter, boat, or other vessel, (not being then actually employed in his Majesty's service,) lying or being in the said river, and within the limits of the aforesaid counties, city, and liberties respectively, and into every part of all such vessels, for the purpose of inspeding, and upon occasion directing the condudf of any constable or constables, who shall or may from time to time be stationed on board such ships or vessels, as also for the purpose of inspecting and observing the conduct of all and every or any other person and persons who shall from time to time be employed on board of any ship or vessel in or about the lading or unlading thereof as the case may be, and for the purpose of raking all such measures as may be necessary for providing against fire and other accidents, as also for the purpose of preserving peace and good'order

J

I

1800.] Anno re^ni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 87* 759

order on board of any ship or vessel, and for the effectual prevention in ail cases of any felonies or misdemeanors being committed on board any ship or vessel, and for the effectual detection of any felonies or misdemeanors whatsoever which may have been committed, or which the said surveyor may have reasonable caiife to suspect to have been committed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XII. And whereas divers ill disposed andfufpeCled persons, and reputed thieves, frequent the said river, and the quays and warehouses near and adjoining thereunto, and the avenues to the same quays and ware- Suspectedper-houses, and the streets and highways leading thereto, with intent to fonsaml rc-commit felony on the persons and property of his Majesty's subjects there being; and although their evil purposes are sufficiently mamfe/ly the river, and the power of his Majesty's justices of the peace to demand of them jecu- the quays, rities for their good behaviour hath not been of sufficient effect to ware. prevent them from carrying their evil purposes into execution; be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall a fclcmi-and may be lawful for any constable or surveyor appointed under ous intent, the authority of this act within the limits aforesaid, to apprehend may be ap-every such person, and convey him or them before any of the [)[!^lndjtnb]ts said special justices to be appointed as aforesaid, or any other or surveyors, justices of the peace; and if it shall appear before the said justice, and conveyed upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, that before the such person or persons is or are a person or persons of evil same, and a reputed thief or thieves, and such person or persons shall ju^tcc; and not be able to give a satisfactory account of himself or them- if it shall feives, and of his or their way of living, and it shall also appear appear that to the satisfaction of the said justice that there is just ground to believe that such person or persons was or were on or in the fu°cj,

said river, quays, or warehouses or in such avenue, street, or was their highway as aforesaid with such intent as aforesaid, every such intent, they person shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond, within the intent and meaning of the statute made in the seventeenth year of his amfvaga-late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to amend bonds within and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and the meaning other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction: provided °*17 ^eo*2» always. That if any person shall think himself aggrieved by the persons think-judgement of such justice as aforesaid, such person may appeal to ing themselves the justices of the peace at the next general or quarter sessions of aggrieved, the peace to be held for the county or place wherein the cause may appeal of complaint shall have arisen, such person at the time of his ^uarter conviction entering into a recognizance, with two sufficient jfthe sureties, conditioned personally to appear at the said sessions to vision be try such appeal, and abide the further judgement of the justices affirmed, the ar such sessions assembled; and in case such conviction shall be may

affirmed at such sessions, the said justices may adjudge such^the person to be a rogue and vagabond, and proceed against such offender as if person in the same manner as they might have done if such he had been rogue and vagabond had been committed to the house of cor- committed.rection until such general or quarter sessions: provided always, feflfang1? That no person convicted under this act shall thereby become pe*f*(

liable

vilted, not

7&o liable to any other punish-niciit than lix months

Anno regni quadragesimo Geqrqji III. c. 87. [1800.

liable to any other punishment than imprisonment to hard labour for a term not exceeding six months, taking into the computation any actual imprisonment which such person shall have imprisonment. suffered by his commitment until such session.

Penalty for

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall damaging, wilfully destroy or damage, or endeavour to destroy or damage, boat* be- or be wilfully concerned in destroying or damaging, or endea-t011C your*n5 to destroy or damage, any boat or boats then belonging to, hired or employed by or by authority of the said special justices, or any part of the fails, oars, or other tackle, stores, goods, or furniture contained in or belonging to any such boat, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such boat so destroyed or damaged, or attempted to be destroyed or.damaged, or of which any of the tackle or other contents shall have been fp destroyed or damaged, or atrempted to be destroyed or damaged as aforesaid, any sum not exceeding fifteen pounds, pr shall foffer imprisonment for any time not exceeding three months, over and above any such damages as may be recoverable by action at law against any such offender.

XIV. And whereas, for the purpose of increasing the facility if depredation, it hath been a common practice amongst varim clap of person5 concerned in the landing and warehousing of merchandize from on board ships and vessel in the said river, wilfully to injure end promote the opening and breaking of casks, bags, and other pcuhin, and the spilling of their contents; for remedy thereof, be it further Penalty for enacted, That if any person employed in the landing or ware-breaking. See. housing of any goods and merchandizes, or any person, shall with an intent w#l^u^y or trough culpable negligence or carefcfihess, cause or that the con- fu^er or be concerned in causing or suffering to be broken, tents may be bruised, pierced, started, cut, torn, or otherwise injured, any calk, box, chest, bag, or other package containing, or being designed and prepared for containing any such goods or merchandize*, while on board of any barge, lighter, or other craft lying or being in the said river, or any quay, wharf, or landing place adjacent to the same, or in, or in the way to or from any ware-house ta or from which such package shall have been removed, removing, or about to be removed, with intent that the contents of such package or any part thereof may be spilled or dropped from such package, then and in such case every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty thillings, nor less then ten shillings, and shall on conviction be committed for any term not exceeding one calendar month, determinable upon the payment of such penalty so imposed; and moreover, it shall and may be lawful tq and for the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall have taken place, at his and their discretion, to cause to be publifljedia some newspaper or newspapers an account of such conv$iou, with the name and description of the offender.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if for the purpose of preventing the seizure or discovery of any materials, furniture, Ilores, or merchandizes belonging, to or havidg been part of the

cargo

JpiHcd.

Person s 1ftting fall, &c. any articles for the purpose of prC-

C^r,

oth

ami

fill

or

aw;

to ( it.il

C'n

Ca

vj,

VO.

be;

or

ou

the

th;

(ur

th-

lc,

c: l

1.1!

Co

fill

CO

0:

C<

t<

tl

pi

a:

t,

a:

5

10

1 - Z

; i:

; 'L

:f3

*.2

ifl

i

V

Vp

Vj

pt

t?

v

t?

v

if

1800.*} Anno regni quadrag^simo Georgii III. c. 87. 761

cargo of any ftjip or vessel lying in the said river, or of any venting the other article* unlawfully Obtained from any such ship or vessel,; ^j?"rorof- \ any such, or any other article or articles, shall be wilfully let any^m/Zw^uI. \ fall, or thrown into the river, or in any other manner, directly ly obtained,

Or purposely conveyed away, or endeavoured to be conveyed guilty of a away, from any ship or veffd, boat, barge, lighter, craft, wharf, quay, or other landing place, every person being party or accessary apparentvaluc -to such letting fall, throwing or conveyance, or to any previous shall be let inftvuctions or premeditated design so to let fall, throw, of foil into any convey away, any such article or articles, with any such pur-pule as aforesaid, ill all be deemed and adjudged guilty of a mif- privity of the demeanor; and if any article or articles whatever of apparent owner, the* value shall be wilfully let fall, thrown, conveyed away, orendea- boat may be voured to be conveyed away, from any ship or vessel, into any feiz^d, anrt boat, barge, lighter, or craft, or from any boat, barge, lighter, therein^or* or craft, #or from any wharf, quay, or other landing pi »ce, with- fupefted perr out the oider, afsent, or privity of the person or persons being son nearthere-the owner, or having the lawful charge of such article or articles-then'and in such cale, it shall and may be lawful to and for any spe^rufaces*: such constable or surveyor as aforesaid, or for any < onstable of or justices of*: the city of London^ within the jurisdictiort of the said city, tathe jurisdic-. ' seize, apprehend, and secure, any such boat, barge, lighter, or other craft, and every or any person therein, or who, by reason of app that it his or* her neirness to the place where such offence shall be did not pro-committed, shall be reasonably suspected by such coi ftuble orceed froma surveyor of being party or accessary thereto, 'and forthwith to convey every such person so apprehended before the said justices, or some otherjustices in whbfe junfdiction futh offences shall be be deemed* committed; and if upon examination it Hull not be made appear, guilty, to the satisfaction of the said justices, that such letting fall, throwing, or conveying away, or endeavour to convey away, proceeded either from mere accident, or from some lawful cause, and not from any such fraudulent or evasive design as aforesaid, every person (q appealing to be party, privy, or accessary, as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall fuflfer as herein after mentioned., s

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if on information given If on infor- \ on oath it shall appear to the said justices that there is reasonablei ration on \ cause for suspecting that any matenals, furniture, stores, or any'upl^jj {o^he \ part of the ca: go of any such ship or vessel lying or being in the justices that j laid river, or any stores belonging to his Majesty, or consigned there is rea-to any person or persons for his Majesty's service, have been

ftoien, or unlawfully obtained from or cut of any such ship [hat any of^ veil'd, 01 from or out of any boat, barge, lighter, or craft, lying the cargo of pr being in the said river, of from any wharf, quay, or other any veil'd, or landing place adjacent to the same, and within the limits of the' any of hia aforesaid counties, city, and liberties, or from or in the way &c. to or from any warehouse, into or from which such articles had have been been removing or removed, to or from any such wharf, quay, unlawfully pr landing place, and that such articles, after having been so obtained, and Oplen or qnlawfully obtained, are concealed or otherwise lodged or any

pigitj^d bY ^»Ojn jul^CC8 iQ y

jSz

their juris-diMions, may cause the to be learched by day or by night, and by force it necessary, and if any are found, and it be not made appear by what lawful means they came deposited, the person in whole house found, and the person sappearing to have been privy to the depositing, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor.

J Every person who to prevent any articles from being seized on fufpidon*1 of being;

t stolen, or j

\ being produq-\cd as evidence, shall j frame, &c.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 87* [1800. 1

in any dwelling house, warehouse, yard, garden, or any other j

place, it shall be lawful for the said justices, or other justices in

their respective jurisdictions, or any one of them, by special j

warrant under their hands and seals, directed to any such Tbmr j

police constable or surveyor as aforesaid, or other constable within their respective jurisdictions, to cause every such place to 1

be searched, at any time of the day, or by niglu, if power for;

that purpose be especially given in and by such warranty and j

the said justices, if it should appear to them requisite and necefliry, may moreover empower such constable or surveyor, with any such assistance as to them the said justices may appear, or by such constable or surveyor be found necessary (such constable or fur* veyor having previously made known such his authority) to use force for the effecting of such entry, whether by breaking open doors or otherwise j and if upon search thereupon made, any such suspected article or articles shall accordingly be found, then and in such case to convey the same forthwith to and before the said justices, or to guard the same on the spot while the offenders are taken before the said justices, or otherwise dispose thereof in forac place of safety, subject to the orders of the said justices in manner as abovementioned, and moreover to apprehend and convey before the said justices the person or persons in whose house, lodging, or other place as aforesaid the same shall so have been found, as also every such other person so found in such house, lodging, or place, as shall appear to have been privy to the depositing of such articles, or any of them, in such place, knowing or having reasonable cause to suspe<3 the same to have been stolen, or otherwilq, unlawfully obtained; and if such persons respectively shall not immediately, oc within some reasonable time, to be assigned by the said justices, make it appear, to the -satisfaction of the said justices, by what lawful means such article or articles came to be deposited or situated in such place as aforesaid, without any default on the part of such persons respectively, or that they respectively did not know that the lame were, or by what means the same were defpolited or situated in such place, then and in such case the person or persons in whole house, lodging, or other place, such suspected article or articles Was or were found, as also every other person so appearing to have been privy to the depositing thereof, knowing, or having cause to suspeeft the same to have been stolen, or otherwise unlawfully obtained, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of 1 misdemeanor, and shall suffer as herein after mentioned, I

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every person who, for the purpose of protecting or preventing any goods, wares, merchandizes, or other articles whatsoever from being seized, on suspicion of their being stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained, dr of preventing the same from being produced or madetoferve as evidence of or concerning any felony or misdemeanor, shall frame or cause to be framed, or be any ways concerned in framing or causing to be framed, any bill of parcels containing any false statement in regard to the name or abode of any

allcdgeii j

180cr.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 87. 765

alletlged vendor, the quantity or quality of Rich goods or va- any false bill luables, the place from whence, or conveyance by which the same were furnished, the price agreed upon or charged for thej(jdgcde* same, or any other particular or particulars, knowing such ofmiiac-7 statement to be false, shall be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, meanor, and and shall suffer as herein after mentioned 5 and may moreover, at the discretion of thesaidjufti£es, or such other justices in whosever jurisdiction such offences shall be committed, be published and advertised as a fabricator of false bills of pareels, or as a convicted or reputed receiver of goods stolen, or otherwise unlawfully obtained, as the case may be.

XVIII. And whereas in and by an act passed in the fecbtidyear 1 Geo. 3. of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An left to prevent the c* recited, committing of thefts and frauds by persons navigating bum boats and other boats upon the river Thames, it is among/} other things provided, that a person in whose possession goods suspected of having been Jlolen or otherwise unlawfully come by, are found, shall be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, if he do not either give an account, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices as are therein mentioned, how be came by the same, or else produce the party or parties from whom be bought or received the same, under which provision no receiver of Jlolen goods, who shall produce a person of whom he received the same, can be adjudged guilty, although he shall not give such account to the satisfaction of such justice or justices/ as aforesaid-, be it further enacted That in every case where the Where the

Eroduction of the party from whom any goods or things have een bought or received, would at present be sufficient to ex- whom any*1 empt any person from being adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor goods have under the said act, by reason of any such goods or things being been bought found in any way in his or her possession, such production shall not be deemed sufficient to exempt such person from being adjudged guilty as aforesaid, unless the arccOUnt so given of the adjudged manner of his or her coming by such goods or things shall, upon guilty of a a full investigation, be satisfactory to such justice or justices; and if any person on being so produced shall declare himself or r^dted herself to have bought, received, or otherwise obtained such goods such produc-of some other person, such justice or justices are hereby authorised tion shall not and required to examine every such other person, and also every other prior purchaser or pretended purchaser, and if upon the unj^fs t^c whole of the evidence it shall appear to die satisfaciipn of such account given justice or justices, that the party so informed against or suspected be satisfactory did at the time of his or her receiving such goods or-into his or her possession, believe, or had reasonable cause tojwi^ believe that the same were at any time and by any person on-Jadjudge the lawfully come by or obtained, it shall and may be lawful to and party guilty < for such justice or justices, to adjudge such parry to be guilty of a misdemeanor, and such party so convicted shall thereupon suffer mcanor-as herein after mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case of every offence Penalties for herein-before declared to be a misdemeanor, or for which special pecuniary penalty i$ herein-before appointed, the offender for^biclr no

shall special pecu-

niary penalty is herein appointed.

IF penalty be not paid or secured the offender may be committed.

Application of penalties*

No person to be deemed incompetent evidence on account of chance of flure of penalty. Where complaints of offences declared misdemeanors, 01 for which pecuniary penalties are appointed, shall be heard and determined*

Conviction to be certified, &c. as directed by the last recited act.

Anno regni quadragesimo (jEqrqu ill. c-87. [i8od shall forfeit and pay* at the diferetfon of tlje said justice? to bt appointed as aforesaid, or of such other justice or justices before whom any conviction shall from time to time take place', withiff their respective jurisidi*£tions, any sum not ekee^ding five pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings* or shall ftlflTcr imprisonment for act, time not exceeding eight weeks, -nor Jess than two weeks, or shall forfeit and pay any funri not exceeding forty shillings* nor less than ten shillings, and shall besides suffer imprisonment for any time not exceeding four week9* nor less than one week; and if the payihent of such penalty shall not immediately upon conviction be made or secured to the satisfaction of fudi justice: or justiGeS, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices forthwith, efr at any other time or times within one calendar month after such conviction, to commit the offender to any lawful place of imprisonment within his or their juris-diddion* for any time not exceeding eight weeks In the whole, determinable upon the making or securing such payment as aforesaid $ and one moiety of money recovered on account of every such forfeiture or penalty shall be paid to such receiver as aforesaid, for the purposes of this, act, and the other moiety thereof under the direction of the justice or justices by whom the same shall have been levied, shall either be paid and applied to the use of the informer alone, or be distributed between or amongst all such persons as shall have contributed to the con-vision of the offender* in such shares and proportions as such justice or justices in their discretion shall think fit: provided always, That no informer or other person shall be deemed incompetent to give evidence touching any such offence as aforesaid, by reason of any chance or expectation of any such moiety, share, or proportion as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which complaint shall be made, or information given of any offence, by this a£k declared to be a misdemeanor, or for which any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture is herein-before appointed, with or without imprisonment in addition thereto or in lieu thereof, the matter of such complaint or information, if the offence shall have been commited, or the offender apprehended within the limits aforesaid, shall or may be heard and determined either by the said justices to be appointed as aforesaid, or either of them, or by any other justice or justices acting in and for the county or other plaqe of separate jurisdiction within which the offence shall have been committed, or the offender apprehended; and if any such offence shall have been committed, or the offender apprehended* within the jurisdiction of the city* of London^ then the matter of such complaint or information shall and may be heard and determined by the lord, mayor, recorder, or one of the aldermen of the said city, and not elsewhere; and every conviction thereupon had shall be certified, filed, and entered iii such manner as is directed in and by the said act of the second year of his Majesty's reign* with respect to convictions under that alt* and may also be drawn up in such form

__ 180S.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii flf. c. 87. 765

and manner as is appointed in and by the said act; and neither and may be such conviction, or any proceeding previous thereto shall be drawn up m removed by Certiorari or otherwise into any court of record, but ^pp0°nted such convi<^ion shall be ftnal and conclusive to all intents and thereby, and purposes whatsoever shall be final.

XXI. And whereas the puniffmenis for misdemeanors, provided in and by the said.act of the second year of his present Majesty's reign % have been found inefficient for the preventing of such offences; be it enacted, That every person who shall be guilty of arty of Misdemeanors the several offences* respectively made and declared to be mifde-demeanors in and by the said act, shall and may be punished at appointed^ the discretion of the justice or justices by or before whom the the la ft recited said offender shall be convicted, either with the punishment aft, or by this appointed in and by the said act, or by such other punishment a<* or punishments as is and are hereby appointed for and in cases of offences declared to be misdemeanors in and by this present act.

XXII. And whereas in and by the said laJl-mentioned act^ persons guilty of certain offences are punishable by transportation for fourteen years, but thefid offences not being by the f iid aft declared to be felony, the trial thereof may in all cases be put off by means of a Persons guilty traverse, to (he next fffions after the finding of the bill of indictment of offences for the same*) and the offender be in the mean time liberated, on being punishable by admitted to bail, whereby justice has been in many injiances eluded > A transporta-for remedy thereof be it farther enacted, That, from and after the tion for 14 passing of this act, whenever any indictment shall be found years, (bail against any person or persons for the said offences, or any them, the person or persons so indicted shall plead to the same withouTha*. indictment without having time to traverse the same, as is usual ing time to*in cases of misdemeanors. traverse.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- Nothing here* thing in this act shall extend to deprive the lord mayor, common- in to deprive alty, and citizens of the city of London, of any right, privilege, pr th* jurisdiction heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised, or enjoyed, ^their rights, within the town and borough of Southwark, or the liberties thereof, or to prevent the said lord mayor for the time being, or the aldermen of the said city for the time being, and the recorder of the said city for the time being, from acting as justices of the peace within the said town and borough of Southwark and the liberties thereof, in such and the like manner as they could or might have done in case this act had not been made; nor to deprive the lord mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, of any right, privilege, immunity, or jurisdiction which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exer-eifed, or enjoyed upon the river Thames^ or the lord mayor of the said city for the time being as conservator of the said river j nor to prevent the said lord mayor for the time being, and the aldermen and recorder of the said city, from acting as justices of the peace upon the said river, or taking cognizance of offences committed upon or within the limits of the same, in.such

?66 - Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 88. [1800.

such manner as they might or would have done in case this act had not been made. ofrecSadT XXIV> Antl be it further enacted, That all the clauses and To extend to S ProvI^ocs mentioned, and contained in the said act of the thirty-$his ad. Second year of his present Majesty's reign, touching and concerning the prohibition relative to the taking of fees to the use of individuals, the incapacity of the justices with regard to their fitting in parliament, and the restrictions and penalties imposed on the justices, receiver, and constables, with regard to their interfering in parliamentary deftions; and also all the clauses and provisoes mentioned and contained in the said act of the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, respecting the searching and detaining of boats on the said river, or the seizing and detaining of goods suspected to be stolen, and the persons suspected to be guilty of dealing the same, and the mode of proceeding with respect thereto, and respecting the discovery, apprehension, and punishment of offenders, and respecting the obstructing the execution of the said act, and respecting the commencing or prosecuting of actions against justices or their officers, shall be deemed, construed, and taken to be, and the same are hereby declared to extend to and to be parts of this act, as if the same were herein specially repeated and re-enactedj and that all justices to be from time to time appointed under and by virtue of this act, and all constables and surveyors to be from time to time appointed by the said justices, shall have all such powers, privileges, and protections, in all respects whatsoever, in the execution of the said acts and of this act, as any justice, constable, or other officers or persons could or might by law have under the said acts, or either of them, except in as far as the same are varied in and by this present act.

[Publick act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

Continuance

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be

fact. and continue in force from the passing thereof until the twenty-

fifth day of March which shall be in the year of our Lqrd one thousand eight hundred and seven, and no longer.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act concerning the disposition of certain real and perjml prt» ferty of his Majesty, his heirs and successfhrs $ and also of the real and personal property of her Majesty, and of the Queen confori for the time being.

[July 28, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

'T XT WHEREAS in and by an act passed in the ftrd year of the reign

1 Ann*, c. 7..of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for the better support of her Majesty's houffield, and of the honour and dignity of the crowty* it was (emongst other, things) enacted, That all

and

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. S8. 767

and every grant, leafs, or other assurance, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and two,

should be made or granted by her said Majesty, her heirs or successors.

Kings or Queens of this realm, under the great seal of England, exchequer jeal, Jeals of the duchy and county palatine of Lancaster, or any of them, or by copy of court toll, or otherwise howsoever, of any manors, nuffuages, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, woods, or other hereditaments, (advoivfons of churches and vicarages only excepted), within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any of them, or any part thereof then belonging or thereafter to belong to her Majesty, her heirs or successors, or to any other person or persons in trust for her Majesty, her heirs and successors, in possession, reversion, remainder, use, or expectancy, whether the same were or should be in right of the crown of England, or as part of the principality of Wales, or of the duchy or county palatine of Lancaster, or otherwise housoever, to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, whereby any estate or interest whatsoever in law or equity should or might pass from her Majesty, her heirs or successors, should be utterly void and of none effitl, unless such grant, lease, or other affutance should be made for some term or estate not exceeding thirty-one years or three lives, or for some term of years determinable on one, two, or three lives, and unless such grant, lease, or assurance respectively should he made to commence from the date or making thereof', and if such grant, lease, dr assurance should be made to take effect in reversion or expectancy, that then the same, together with the estate or estates in possession of and in the premises therein contained, should not exceed three lives, or the term of thirty-one years in the whole, with various other provisions and restrictions j but in the said act there is a proviso, that the said act should not extend to disable her Majesty, her heirs or successors to make certain leases, copies, or grants of offices, lands, or hereditaments, parcel of the duchy ^Cornwall, as therein mentioned, or to disable her Majesty, her heirs or successors, to make any grant or restitution of any estate or estates thereafter to be form feited Jor any treason or felony whatsoever, or to disable her Majesty her heirs or successors, to grant, demise, or ajlfign any lands, tenements, or hereditaments which should be Jeixcd or taken into her or their hands up On any outlawry at thefuit of her or their subjects, as had been usual, or any estate whatsoever which was or should be seized, extended, or taken in execution for any debt owing or to be due to the crown, as she or they should think fit, or to make any grants or admittances which of right or cifiom ought to be made of any copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, parcel of any manor or manors of her Majesty, her heirs or successors, or to disable the trustees for sale of fee farm and other rents therein mentioned, from executing the powers vested in them as therein mentioned: and whereas in and by an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majfiy, intituled An act for the support of his Majesty's household, and 1 ^co* 3* of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, it isC' lf (amotjgfi other things} enafied. That the revenue arising to his Majesty by rents of lands, or for fines of leases of the same, or any of them,

W»l.XLII. D d d by le

7*8

and j4 Geo. 3. c. 75, recited.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 88. [1800.

(except the revenue of the duchy of Cornwall), should, from and immediately trfter the demise of his late majesty King George the Second\ be, during his present Majesty's life, carried to and mail part of the general aggregate fund established by the act of the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and be\ during the said term, issued and applied, in the manner, thertin* after mentione d\ to the uses to which the said fund ms or should U made applicable: and whereas in and by another act made in the thirty* fourth year of the reign of hh present Majesty, intituled An act for the better management of the land revenue of the crown, and for the sale of fee farm and other improveable rents, further provisions are made touching grants, leases, and other ofjurances, which should be made or granted by his Majesty, his heirs or

under the great seal, or seal of the exchequer, or either of thems if any manors, mejfiuiges, lands, tenements, or heredit aments, within the

WL

kingdom of England and dominion of Wales, or any of them, or anj part thereof then belonging or then after to belong to his Majesty % bts heirs or successors, and being within the ordering and survey of the exchequer in England: and whereas his Majesty has punhafei certain

freehold\ and ctf/lomary or cop\f)cIdand leasehold manor laniis tenement!, and hereditaments, out of the monies issued and applied for theufnf

his prtvypurse, or with other monies not appropriated to any particular'{Jertdhments

service, and ivhiTJT

ments, or hereditaments of any tenure whatsoever, which have been or shall be purchased by and conveyed to or in trustfor his Majesty, r

which shall be purchased by and conveyed to or in trust for his Majestft heirs and successors, out of monies issued and applied for the use ofbil or their privy purse, or with any monies not appropriated to ety publick service, and also all manors, lands+ tenements, or beriditamu which have come to his Majesty, or shall or may hereafter com ti bit Majesty, his heirs or successors, by the gift or devise of or by Med, cr otherwise from any ancestor or other person not being King or of this realm, should be held and enjoyed by his Majesty, bislttn and successors, freed and discharged from all the proviftens ed rest rill ions of the said recited acts of the first year of her hte majesty Queen Anne, and the first and thirty-fourth years of bh prefat Majesty (except as her tin-after provided) and should be saleable asti disposeable either by grant or otherwise in his or their lifetime, or by his or their last will and testament in writing, in fiuh manner as h pr they shall think fit: be it therefore enacted by the King's roost

excel-

1800

excel! lords hame of the M

thiitj tret fcir at an at an

fu: ce

hiso

ttnei

6*n<

°r

for?

of

Pte

havr^frlTn conveyed or surrended to his Majesty, or to same person n " T --ins Majesty bait) rrtbtrio held

persons in trust for his Majesty, and btf and enjoyed the same as his foie and exclusive property; but byreafa of the general words used in the said act in the first year of fir loti majesty Queen Anne, l/jtj ft uthhi iwi&m ItiimerilsTStid hereditaments so purchased by his Majesty, and such as may hereafter be pmhajtl, out of such inonies aThtorepnd, may be deemefju^eftto the rejkiclim and provisions contained in the said acts; and it may be dmktd whether Jach copyhold or customary and leasehold purchases, by or in trust for his Majesty as aforesaid, do not also fall within the fail recited acts: and whereas it is reasonable that all manors, lands, tent*

niai

chat

any

or

for

acc

uer

and

tty

if)

flu

*v

Jflc

thi<

M

k

_ tk(

; k'

' hi

: tf?'

1

4e

A

ihv

'I

V:

ft'

i

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 88. 76

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the None of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par- jn

liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That none a# shall ex-of the provisions or restrictions contained in the said a<fl$ of the tend to first year of her faic] late majesty Queen Anne, and the first and manors, &c. thirty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, shall extend to any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here- his heirs orj ditaments, of whatsoever tenure the same may be, which have successors, out at any time heretofore been purchased by his Majesty, or shall of monies not at any time hereafter be purchased by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, out of any monies issued and applied for the use of service nor his or their privy purse, or with any other monies not appropriate to manors, &c. ed to any publick service, or to any manors, messuages, lands, which have tenements, or other hereditaments, of whatsoever tenure the |jld

same may be, which have come to his Majesty, or shall or may (halfcomedo come to him, or his heirs or successors, hv the gift or devise of, him or his or by defeent or otherwise, from any of his, her, or their ancef- heirs or tors, or any other person or persons not being Kings or Queens ^Ce^son°m of this realm; and the intent of this ena&ment is, that the same not Seiiig11 shall operate, to all intents and purposes, as from the birth of his Kings or present Majesty, 'Queens of the

II. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the ^£0*0^" manors, lands, tenement*, japd hereditaments of copyhold or customary tenure, or of leasehold tenure, which have been pur- the birth of chafed by hfs-Majesty"as aforesaid, or which have come to his his Majesty. Majesty by the gift or devise of, or by defeent or otherwise from Such copy-any of his ancestors, or any other person not being Kings or hole! or kafe-Queens of this reaTm, '^wbETtTer the same have been surrendered J?.° so^ur0* or assigned to his Majesty, or to any person or persons in trust chafed, &c. for his Majesty shall be, aoti. the same are hereby vested in shall be vested Jams earl of Cardigan, his heirs, executors, and administrators, in s»rl according to the tenure of such manors, lands, tenements, and ^nftru^d, and hereditaments respectively in trust nevertheless, for his Majesty; such as shall and that all such copyhold or customary, and leasehold lands, be purchased, tenements, and hereditaments respectively, as shall be purchased &c*ftjallbe in manner aforesaid by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, ortrustee^ashit shall come to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by the gift or Majesty shall devise of, or by defeent or otherwise from any of his or their appoint, ancestors, or any other persons not being Kings or Queens of this realm, shall be vested in some trustee or trustees for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from time to time, to be respectively named or appointed by instrument in writing under the sign manual of his Majesty, his heirs and successors respectively; and the said James earl of Cardigan^ and such other Trustees to trustee or trustees as aforesaid, shall be duly admitted to such t* admitted copyhold or customary lands, tenements, or hereditaments as to the nnds aforesaid, by the lords or ladies of the manor or manors of which according to the same shall be hoJden according to the nature of the estate 0

therein, on payment of such fines, and subject to such rents, therein, and services, and customs, as of right shall be due and accustomed in shall be deem-respect thereof* and the said James earl of Cardigan and suchdthe tenant*.

T> D D 2 iQKl*£)C

Grants alrea*dy made by his Majesty not to be defeated by this act.

His Majesty, his heirs and successors, may fell or deviie Aich estates as his Majesty's subjects may like estates belonging to them.

Trustees shall convey such estates as his Majesty, &c. shall direct.

Provisions for conveyance of trust estates by infants shall extend to trustees for his Majesty,

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 88. [1800.

other trustee or trustees as aforesaid shall be deemed, as in rrfpeft of the lords or ladies of such manors respectively, and all other persons whatsoever to be the true and only tenants of such copyhold or enftoraary lands, tenements, and hereditaments respectively, so that no lord or lady of any manor, nor any other person or persons, shall be prejudiced thereby.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to defeat or impeach any grant or disposition which hath been already made by his Majesty, or by his direction* of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments so purchased by his Majesty as aforesaid, and conveyed, surrendered, or assured to or in trust for his Majesty, but aft such grants and dispositions respectively shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes, as the same would have been if they had been made after the passing of, or were conformable to the provisioni in this a<S contained.

JV. And be it further enacted That notwithstanding anything in the said recited adds contained, or any other statute, law, custom, or usage to the contrary, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from time to time, by any instrument under his and their royal sign manual, attested by two or more witnesses, or by his and their last will and testamene in writing, or any writing in the nature of a last will cr testament, to be signed and published by his Majesty, his heirs and successors respectively, in the presence of and to be attested by three or more witnesses, at his and their free will and pleasure, to grant, fell, give, or devise all and every or any of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments so purchased or to be purchased by, or which have or shall so come to his Majesty, his heirs or successors as aforesaid, whether of freehold or copyhold or customary or Icafehold tenure, and whether conveyed or assured to, or other wise vetted in his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or to or in any person or persons in trust for his Majesty, his heirs or successors as aforesaid, unto any person or persons, for any estate or estates, or for any intents or purposes, his Majesty, his heirs or successors respectively shall think (it, as any of his MajeiVs subjects may grant, fell, give or devise any die like manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments respectively, belonging to such subjects respectively, by their respective deeds or other instruments, or last wills and testaments respectively; and all and every person and persons who shall be seized of possessed of, or entitled to any such manors, messuages, laok tenements, or hereditaments respectively, or any estate or interd therein respectively, in trust for his Majesty, his heirs or foe-ccflors respectively shall convey, surrender, assign, or otherwix assure the same, in such manner, as his Majesty, his heirs tf successors, under his or their royal sign manual respectively to be attested as aforesaid, shall direct, and all and every of tlx provisions made by law for the conveyance of trust estates by infants, idiots, and Junaticks, shall extend to such persons u art or shall be a trustee or trustees for his Majesty, his heirs and

Cue*

1C0

fucci

turn

the

V

nil!, M, lane iifp thin ire: feci efts dilj n as bee coi 11 me

hi'

to

fa-

il)

th

w1

V

tr

fr

di

P2

th

<r,

lo

he

ce

hi

or

Cj;

fit;

or

1

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii II. c. 88..771

successors respectively, and such trust estates shall be conveyed, surrendered, and assured by such infants, idiots, and lunaticks, or the committees of such idiots or lunaticks accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That if no disposition by grant,

will, or otherwise, shall be made in purfilance of this a ft by his ^ate° be Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any such manors, messuages, made by his lands, tenements, and hereditaments as aforesaid, or if any Majesty, or a disposition which shall be so made shall not exhaust the whole disposition be estate or interest of his Majesty, his heirs or successors respectively stall^ot exin the same, then and in every such case, all such manors, hauft the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereof no whole, estate such disposition shall be made as aforesaid, or so much of the estate and interest therein respectively as shall not have been so8 if this act disposed of, shall defeend and go in such and the same manner, had not been n the demise of his Majesty, his heirs and successors respectively, made, subject as the same would have defeended and gone if this act had not to certain pro-been made, subject nevertheless to the provisions herein after VI on8' contained, as to so much thereof as shall be personal estate of his Majesty and his successors; and all and every of such manors, ^icbshall so messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, being of free- defeend shall hold tenure in fee simple, which shall so defeend on the demise of be subject to his Majesty, or any King or Queen of this realm, shall be subject the restrictions to all the restrictions in the said recited' acts contained, in the recitc<i same manner as the same would have been subject thereto if this a aft had not been made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every of such

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, Whe- MajestJTor in ther of freehold, or copyhold or customary, or leasehold tenure, trustees shall which shall be so as aforesaid from time to time vested in his be subject to Majesty, his heirs or successors, or in any person or persons in all taxes, trust for his Majesty, his heirs and successors respectively, shall from time to time be subject and liable to all such taxes, rates, duties, assessments, and other impositions, parliamentary and parochial, as the same would have been subject and liable to if the same had been the property of any subject of this realm; and all such rates, taxes, assessments, and impositions shall, so long as the said manors, jnefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments shall be vested in his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or in any person or persons in trust for his Majesty, his heirs or successors as aforesaid, be ascertained, rated, assessed, or imposed thereon, in the same manner and form, in all respects, as if the same manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments respectively were the absolute and benefiefial estate of any of his Majesty's subjects; but nevertheless such rates, taxes, assessments, and impositions, shall be paid and payable in the manner herein after directed, and not otherwise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That so long as any such Taxes, &c. manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall be

or remain vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or in be^Ud^out erf any trustee or trustees for his Majesty, his heirs or successors the privy as aforesaid, freed and discharged from the provisions and re-purse.

a d d 3 strictions T

iOOQ

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 88. [1800.

strictions in the said recited afh respectively, all taxes, ratea duties, assessments, impositions, rents, and other annual payments, fines, and other outgoings, which shall from time to time be charged and chargeable upon, or be or become due and payable in respect to all such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments respectively, shall be paid and discharged out of the privy purse of his Majesty, his heirs and successors respectively, and accounts thereof shall from time to time be returned to the person or persons for the time being executing the office of his Majesty's privy purse, or his or their deputy, who shall, by and out of any monies in his or their hands applicable for the use of his Majesty, pay and discharge the same.

VIII. fond whereas by the law of England the Queen confort, wife of the King, is capable f taking, granting, or disposing ofprofertj as if foe were a same foie 5 but doubts may arise kwfar thts capacity of granting or disposing of property extends, and specially whether, during the life of the King her bushand, it includes the power sf devising and bequeathing by last will and ujlament: and whereas his Majesty is difir ous that her majesty Queen Char lot t<, his Majtftfs royal confort, during his Majesty's life, should have full and complete power, as well by her laji will and tefiament as by deed, to front, alien, and dispose of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, and hereditaments, which have been purchased by or in trust for or otherwise vejled in her Majesty, or, which shall hereafter hi fur-chafed by or in trust for or shall be otherwise vested in or in trvftfn her Majesty, under and by virtue of any deed, gift, will\ or otherwist, except as herein after is mentioned, and of any goods and chattels, whether real or personal, and personal estate of what kind soever, he-longing to her Majesty, in the same manner as her Majesty mifotJtjpsIt thereof iffhe were foie and unmarried: and it may be convenient that tk like power should be secured to every Queen confort of this realm for tlx Her Majesty, time being: now therefore be it further enacted, That it mail be

vest in her Majesty or in Iruft for her, and may beoueath all such chattels and personal estate, at if

18a

testa

perfu

pert

ihal

jointTive^of ^or ^}er Majesty, at aPy time or times during the j-^t

their Majesties, ^vcs of their Majesties, by deed 'under her hand and tea!, to he by deed, or by executed in the presence of and attested by two or more wit-

__.tii______. _ a'.', i_* i_____1. a __rn^_ j »./i__________

will, may dif- nesses, or by her last will and testament in writing, or any

or8°&c*a* writing in the nature of a last will and testament, to be llgned and purchased by published by her in the presence of and attested by three or more or in trultfojr, witnesses, to grant, give, alien, dispose of, convey, or efevife any or that may manors, mefTauges, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whch have at any time heretofore been purchased, or which Mat any time hereafter be purchased by or in trust for her Majesty, or which shall "hereafter come to or devolve upon or vest in her Majesty, or any person or persons in trust for her, for any estate of inheritance or freehold, or for any copyhold or cufWiry estate under or by virtue of any deed, gilt, will, or otherwise, (he were foie$ for all or any part of such estate, right, and interest, as her Majesty, or such person or persons in trust for her, now hath or ha\*e, or shall or may have in any such manors, raeffuages, lands, tenements, and hereeitaments, and also by her last will and

testament

coul

Qui

Vis

or

con

nr'

cot

hr

by

fX

cf

so

fu

t

I

i

t

6

r

J

t

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 88. 773

testament in writing to give and bequeath all such chattels and personal estate whatsoever as aforesaid, unto any person or persons, and for any intents and purposes, and in any manner she shall think fit, as fully and effectually, in all respects, as she could or might grant, convey, alien, dispose of, give, devise, or bequeath the same if (he were foie and unmarried.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Queen for the time being of this realm, being the confort reafm1 during*

his Majesty, or any of his successors, in like manner, at any time joint lives or times during the joint lives of the King and such Queen of the King confort for the time being, by deed under her hand and seal, jnd such or by her last will and testament in writing to be respectively ^t^n, con- executed, signed, published, and attested as aforesaid, to grant, convey, alien, dispose of, give or devise, any manors, messuages, j

lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which shall be purchased by or in trust for her, or which shall come to or devolve upon or vest in her, or any person or persons in trust for her, for any estate of inheritance or freehold, or any copyhold or customary estate, under and by virtue of any deed, gift, will, or otherwise, for all or any part of such estate, right, and interest as (he, or such person or persons in trust for her, shall have in any such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and also by her last will and testament in writing to give and bequeath.all such her chattels, whether real or personal, and personal estate whatofever, to any person or persons, and for any intents and purposes (he shall think fit, as fully and effectually, in all respects, as if (he were foie and unmarried: provided always, Act not to That nothing in this aCfc contained shall extend to enable her enable her Majesty, or any Queen confort of this realm, to make any confort

grant, conveyance, or disposition of any palace, or capital Son house, gardens, lands, or hereditaments belonging to his any pilace, Majesty, or any of his successors, in right of the crown, which &c. belonging now are or hereafter shall be veiled in her Majesty, or in an7 hTo^the such Queen confort, for her life, as and for her jointure or other- crown verted wife, under any letters patent of his Majesty, or any of his fuc* in her for life, cessors, or by act of parliament, or ro make any grant, conveyance, or disposition, which her Majesty and such Queen confort could not make if foie and unmarried.

X. And- whereas it is his Majesty's mo ft gracious desire that all such personal estate and effects as his Majesty shall be possessed of or

entitled to at the time of his demise, and over which he shall have the full and absolute power of disposition by his last will and testament, should be subject and liable to the payment of all such debts of his Majesty as shall, during his lifetime, be properly payable out of his privy purse: and whereas it is reasonable that all such personal estate and effects as any of his Majesty's successors, Kings or Queens of this realm, shall be possessed or entitled to in like manner, should also be subject and liable to the like charge; and it is expedient to fix and regulate what personal estate and effefls of his Majesty and his fuc- cessors are subject to- such leftamentary disposition, and in what form ftuh disposition shall be made; now therefore be it further enacted

P d p 4 and

774 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 88. [iBoo.

Monlc* for and declared, That all such personal estate of his Majesty and theprivy his successors respectively, as shall consist of monies which may appropriated be issued or applied for the use of his or their privy purfc, or to any publick monies not appropriated to any publick service, or goods, service, or chattels, or effects which have not or shall not come to his effe6*8 which Majesty, or shall not come to his successors respectively, with or fohioMata^n riSht ^e crown of this realm, shall he deemed and taken to or to his be personal estate and effects of his Majesty and his successors I successors, in respectively, subject to disposition by last will and testament; and right of the that such last will and testament shall be in writing, under the

bc°deemed manual of his Majesty and his successors respectively, or

persons lestate, otherwise shall not fee valid; and that all and fingularthe personal and subject to estate and effects whereof or where to his Majesty or any of his disposition by successors shall be possessed or entitled at the time of his and their and shall'be1^ r.e0?e(^ve demises, subject to such testamentary disposition as liable to all aforesaid, shall be liable to the payment of all such debts asshall debts payable be properly payable out of his or their privy purse, and that, outoftheprxvy subject thereto, the same personal estate and effects of his Majesty and his successors respectively, or so much thereof respectively as 1

shall not be given or bequeathed, or disposed of as aforesaid, mall go in such and the same manner on the demise of his Majesty and his successors respectively, as the same would have gone if this act had not been made.

Any will

XI. And be it further enacted, That any ipftrumentin writ*

made by his ing made and executed by his Majesty before the passing of this

th^d? n'tf6 act»

as and for his last will and testament, or a codicil thereto this^Vnto°ben manner and form herein-before provided, rtiall be as effectual valid.*to dispose of the property real or personal intended to be disposed of thereby, as if the same had been made after the passing of this act.

XII. And whereas divers lands, tenement$, and hereditaments hays become and may hereafter become vested in his Majesty, his heirs end successirs, by efeheat or otherwise, in right of the crown, whlth it the hands of any of his Majesty's subjects would be chargeable with certain trujts, or applicable to certain purposes, and his Majejl), his heirs or successors, may be deftrous that the same should bt applied accordingly, notwithstanding any right which he or they may have it hold the same discharged from such trusts, or without applying the Jam to such purposes; but by reason of the provisions contained in the foil atIs of the first year of her said late Majesty Sjveen Anne, and tbi thirty fourth year of his Majesty's reign, doubts maybe raised whetbtr his Majestyi his heirs or successors, can dir eft such application thereof; and whereas divers lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as well fru hold as copyhold, have escheated and may efeheat to his Mciefly, his heirs or successors, for want of heirs of the persons last seised tbcrtsf or entitled thereto, or by reason of same forfeiture, or otherwifi, although not forfeited for treason orfelony; and it is Expedient to mbit his Majesty to dir eft the execution of any such trusts or purposes as aforesaid, and to make any grants of any such manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments as aforesaid, notwithstanding the provifms coniaind in the said recited acts; be it enacted That it (hll be lawful for

his

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89. 775

his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by warrant under his or their sign manual, to direct the execution of any trusts or pur- f^ctif^rsT poses to which any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or ^ay ci; rea the hereditaments, which have escheated or shall cfcheat to his execution of Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall have been liable at the time any^u.^s*to the same so escheated respectively, or would have been liable in ^oTninlr S the hands of any of his Majesty's subjects, and to make any vtited in them grants of such manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in right of the respectively to any trustee or trustees, or other wise, for the crown would execution of such trusts, and to make any grants of any lands, irftlie tenements, or hereditaments which have escheated or (liaH iands of sub-efeheat as aforesaid, to any person or persons, either for thejests, &c. purpose of restoring the same to any of the family of the person or persons whose estates the same had been, or cf rewarding any persons or person making discovery of any such efeheat, as to his Majesty, his heirs or successors respectively, shall seem fit;

' any thing in the said acte, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXIX.

Art ail for the better preventing the embezzlement of his Majesty's naval, ordnance, andviiluallingjlores.

[July 28, iSoo.j

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made and passed in the twenty second year of the reign of King Charles the Second, 44 Car. %, intituled An for taking away the benefit of clergy from such c* as steal ploth from the rack, and from such as shall steal or embezzle his Majesty's ammunition and stores, it is amongst other things enabled) That no person or persons who shall feloniously Jieal or embezzle any of his Majesty' fails, cordage, or any other his Majesty's naval stores, to the value of twenty fallings, and be thereupon found guilty in manner therein mentioned, shall be admitted to have the benefit of his or their clergy, but utterly be excluded thereof, and shall fujfer death in such manner and form as they should if they were no clerks: and whereas by an act of parliament made and paJJ'ed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act9 and ro Gut, for the better preventing the embezzlement of his Majesty's stores 3* c. 4* of war, and preventing cheats, frauds, and abuses in paying seamen's wages, a penalty of two hundred pounds, with costs of prosecution, is infliiled upon persons in whose custody, possession, or keeping, shall be' found, i or who shall conceal contrary to the faii ail any warlike, naval, or ordnance stores, marked in such manner as therein mentioned: and whereas by an other ail of parliament made and passed in the ninth year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An act for continuing some laws and reviving9others therein mentioned, for exempting apothecaries from serv-, C* ' an<* ing parish and ward offices and upon juries, and relating to jurors, and to the payment of seamen's wages, and the preservation of naval stores and stores of warr and concerning the militia and trophy money, and against clandestine running of un-customed goods, and for more effectual preventing frauds relating

776 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89. [1800.

to the custorm, and frauds in mixing filfcs with stuffs to be exported, it is enacted, That if any person or persons shall be lawfully convicted of having in his, her, or their cufody, or of concealing any timber, thick stuffs or plank, marked with the broad arrow, bysamp, brand, or other wise, every such person shall suffer, forfeit, and pay as for having, keepings or concealing any other warlike, naval, orordnAnct jhres, contrary to the said act of the ninth and tenth years of King William the Third; and by the said laji-recited aSl poweris given totbe judge, justice or justices before whom any offender shall be convicted if any of the crimes or offences before recited, to mitigate the penalty for the same as he or they shall see cause, or to punish such offender corfo* rally, by causing him, her, or them to be publishly whipt or committed to some publick workhouse, there to be kept to hard labourfor the spaie of six months, or a Iffs time, as to such judge, justice or justices, in his or their discretion fall seem meet: and whereas by an another til of parliament, made and passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of cf 40* recited George the Second, intituled An act to continue the several*'laws therein mentioned, for preventing the ft and rapine on the northern borders of England., for the more effectual punching wicked and evil-disposed persons going armed in disguise, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his Majesty's subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the offenders to justice j for continuing two cl a uses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river or sea bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop binds, and for the more effectual punishment of persons maliciously letting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal or cannel coal; and of persons unlawfully hunting, or taking any red or fallow deer in forests or chaces, or beating or wounding the keepers or other officers in forests, chaces, or parks; and for granting a liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, from the said colonics directly to foreign parts in ships built in Great Britain, and na-vi gated according to law; and to explain twoafts relating to the prosecution of offenders for embezzling naval stores or stores of war; and to prevent the retailing of wine within either of the universities in that part of Great Britain called England, without licence; it is amongst other things declared and enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any judge, justice or justices at the affixes, orjujlices of the peace at the general quarter sessions to be holden as therein mentioned, to hear, try, and determine, by indictment or otherwise, oil or any of the crimes or offences mentioned in the therein and herein recited acts of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the Third\ and the ninth year of the reign of King George the First j and that the said judge, justice or justices of assize, or justices of the pew, may impose any fine not exceeding the fumoftwo hundred pounds on such offender or offenders, and may mitigate the said penalty and forfeitures infilled by the said recited acts Or either of them, or in lieu thtre&f punish such offender or offenders in the premises corporally, by causing him, her, or them to be publickly whipt and committed to some house tf correction or publick workhouse^ then to be kept to hard labour for the'fact

ll

h

6J

in.

k

!t

k

tic

lei

2(1

2f

fc

P'.

til

w

fc

(I

c

0

a

e

a

n

0

1

t

777

r4

5:: i

; -i

7. i: -: ?; r; '*

*; £J

}; fat

s

:; ! cl^tv>': ?-f

r-

': 'V

e.'.*

i;:

rAv

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89.

Jpace of three months^or left time, as to such judge, jujltce,r justices of assize, or justices of the peace, Jkall in his or their diseretion feent meet: and whereas notwithstanding the penalties and punishments tnfiiBed Ijy the said recited acts, the Jl talers, embezzler s, and receivers Of his Majesty's warlike and naval ordnance and victualling Jlores have greatly increased, so that it is become necessary to make some further and more effectual provision for preventing their wicked practices in future: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and Every perfo* after the passing of this act, every person or persons, (such per- (not b^n8a son or persons not being a contractor or contractors, or cm- whortiall ployed as in the said recited act of the ninth and tenth years of fell or receive the reign of King William the Third is mentioned), who fttaJJ anyitoresof willingly or knowingly fell or deliver, or cause or procure to be wJr, ^c: 1 or fold or delivered, to any person or persons whomsoever, or who ^all

shall willingly or knowingly receive or have in his, her, or their be transported custody, possession, or keeping, any stores of war, or naval, for 14 years, ordnance, or victualling (lores, or any goods whatsoever marked unless he P£°* as in the said recited acts are expressed, or any canvas marked triafa certU either with a blue streak in the middle, or with a blue streak in ficate from the a Terpentine form, or any bewper, otherwise called Buntin, navy board* wrought with one or more breaks of raised tape, (the said stores of war, or naval, ordnance, or victualling stores or goods above mentioned, or any of them, being in a raw or unconverted state, or being new or not more than one-third worn), and such person or persons who shall conceal such stores or goods, or any of them, marked as aforesaid, shall be deemed receivers of stolen goods knowing them to have been stolen, and shall, on being convicted thereof in due form of law, be transported beyond the seas for the term of fourteen years, in like manner as other receivers of stolen goods are directed to be transported by the laws and statutes of this realm, unless such person or persons shall upon his, her, or their trial, produce a certificate under the hands of three or more of his Majesty's principal officers or

of of the navy, ordnance, or victualling, expressing the numbers, quantities, or weights of such stores or goods, as he, she, or they shall then be indicted for, and the occasion and reason of such stores or goods coming to his, her, or their hands or possession.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons in such person or persons (not being a contractor or contractors, or employed as aforesaid), in whose custody, possession, or keeping f/und canvas any of the said stores called Canvas, marked with a blue streak Qr bunting in a Terpentine form, or bewper, otherwise called Buntin, wrought marked as as above-mentioned, shall be found, (such canvas or bewper, otherwise called Buntin, not bein°; charged to be new, or not being charged more than one-third worn), and all and every person and persons to be new, or who shall be convicted of any offence contrary to so much of the not more than said recited act of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King -

7 /»CTWOrn>'"d

persons who shall be convicted of any offence contrary to so much of the recited act of the forfeiture thereby iiu-poftd, iuher corporal punishment.

Penalty may be mitigated.

Nothing herein or in recited act of o and 10

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89. [1800.

William the Third, as relates to the making, or the having in possession or concealing any of his Majesty's warlike, or naval, or ordnance stores, marked as therein specified, shall, besides forfeiting such stores and the sum of two hundred pounds, together with costs of suit as therein mentioned, be corporally pu-^and^io^Gid n*iec* by piH°ry* whipping, and imprisonment, or by any or 3. as rdates to c*lher of the said ways and means in such manner and for such warlikeitorcs, fpnee of time as to the judge or justices before whom such shall, besides offender or offenders shall be convicted, shall seem meet j any thing in the said last mentioned act, or in the before-recited acts of the ninth year of King George the First, and the fevemeenth year of King George the Second, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such judge or justices to mitigate the said penalty of two hundred pounds, as he or they shall see cause.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act, or in the said recited act of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the Third, contained, shall extend, or be

feui. 3. to ex- deemed, ' taken, or construed to extend to exempt from theope-empt con- ration of this act, or the said recited act respectively, any person tractors, &c. or persons being a contractor or contractors, or employed as in as conceni f <aic* last mentioned act is mentioned, except only so far as storts which concerns stores or goods marked as aforesaid, which shall be hi shall not have side provided, made up, or manufactured by such person or per-been before fons, & by their order, and which shall not have been before hfsMalefty's deliverednto his Majesty's store, unless having been so delivered, they shall have been fold or returned to such person or persons by the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy, ordnance, or victualling respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, from and after the passing of this act, wilfully and fraudulently destroy, beat out, take out, cut out, deface, obliterate, or erase, wholly or in part, any of the

any mark de- marks in the said act of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of ^ro^ert^of KinS the bird, or in this act mentioned, or any other

his Majesty in mar^ whatsoever, denoting the property of his Majesty, his heirs any stores, or or successors, in or to any warlike or naval, ordnance or vidual-shall employ ling stores, or cause, procure, employ, or direct any other person to clothe Ihallor Persons to ^o,or the purpose of concealing his Majesty's be transported ProPerlyn such stores, such person or persons shall be deemed for 14 years* guilty of felony, and shall, on being convicted thereof, be transported to'parts beyond the seas for the term of fourteen years, in like manner as other felons are directed to be transported by the laws and statutes of this realm.

his Majesty*8 store, unless they have been fold or returned by the com mil-doners.

If any person shall deface

If any persan V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

an" Offence an^ Person or Persons who shall hereafter be convicted of any contrary to offence contrary to this act, for which he shall not have been this act, for transported beyond the seas, or contrary to the said recited act of which he shall the ninth and tenth years of King William the Third, shall be tr* farted611 Su*y a second offence, either contrary to that act or to this ©^contrarytoPatent aft, which would not otherwise, as the first offence, fob-

j

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89. 779

je<S him, her, or them, to transportation, and shall be thereof the recited act legally convicted, such person or persons shall, by judgement of the court wherein he, she, or they shall be so convicted, be^convicted transported to parts beyond the seas for the term of fourteen of a second years, in like maqner as other offenders maybe transported by office, which the laws and statutes of this realm now in force. ^ou'd'10(t, as

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That j[ilTJ to -if any person or persons transported in pursuance of this act fhairtransporta-return into any part of Great Britain or Ireland before the end or tion. he shall expiration of the term for which he or (lie shall have been so j; ^transported transported, every such person or persons so returning shall suffer* 14

as felons, and shall have execution awarded against him, her, or them, as persons attainted of felony without benefit of clergy. fj, nll return

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- before the ex-thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the P*ration of hi# court before whom any offender or offenders shall be indicted*and convicted of all or any of the crimes or offences herein-before feion without mentioned to be punishable with transportation, to mitigate or benefit of commute such punishment, by causing the offender or offenders chvgy.

to be set on the pillory, publickly whipt, fined or imprisoned, or The court by all or any one or more of the said ways' and means, as such court in its discretion shall think fit, one moiety of which fine, ment'oftranf-(if any imposed), shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, portation, by and the other moiety thereof to the informer, and also to order pillory, whip-such offender, or offenders to be imprisoned until such fine be: ?ne> or paid; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof .°n* in anywise notwithstanding. application of

VIII. And whereas the establishing by law a certain reward to the fines.

discoverers of persons guilty of stealing or embezzling any of his Ma-

jejlfs naval, ordnance, or victualling jlores, or of any of the crimes

or offences mentioned in the said recited act of the ninth and tenth years of King William the Third, or in this act, might tend greatly to the detection of such offenders; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, if any If any person person or persons shall discover to his Majesty's principal officers shall discover or of of the navy, ordnance, or victualling, for the ^yor time being, or apprehend, or first inform against any offender or apprehend any offenders who shall have been guilty of dealing or embezzling offender guilty his Majesty's stores of war, or naval, ordnance, or vi&uaUing of dealing or stores, or of any of the offences mentioned in the said recited a c of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the it ores, or of* Third, or in this present act herein-before mentioned, which any offence shall not be prosecuted in the fiunmary way herein after pre- against recited feribed, so as such offender or offenders be convicted thereof* ^9 alM*or such discoverer or discoverers, apprehenders or informers, shall Df^have and receive a reward for such his, her, or their discovery, whichshallnot or for so apprehending or first informing as aforesaid, the sum of be prosecuted twenty pounds for every such offence so discovered, over and J"aa above any share of penalty or fine which he, she, or they may be ^nconviction* entitled to as the informer or informers; so as such share of receive a re-penalty or fin* do not amount to more than the sum of twenty ward of aoL

(8©?fevcrhl8lharc

780 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89. [1800.

of penalty, if pounds, or (if amounting to more than that sum) shall fail to be j

thatfum than Pal<* t^e °^cn^er or offenders upon whom the same shall be {

a um* inflicted for the space of three calendar months next afterhis, bei1, j

or their conviction; provided such offender or offenders shall not be detained in pursuance of any fenrence of imprisonment, and if so detained, such share of penalty or fine shall fail to be paid within three calendar months next after the expiration of such sentence of imprisonment.

If any dispute

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tlr< if any

dispute shall arise between or among any persons who shall have 1

tide toMTuch discovered, apprehended, or informed against any offender or ]

reward, it offenders as to their title to the said reward of twenty pounds, j

shall be deter- stich dispute shall be determined by any one or more of thecom-mmed by any missioners either of his Majesty's navy, ordnance, or victualling, 1

iniffionerTof 25 °5nce may have elated to their departments respectively, the navy, See, upon the oaths of the claimants, to be taken in writing either before such commissioner or before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, (which oaths the said commissioner or justice is hereby authorised to administer), and what'locver decision or adjudication shall be made by such commissioner, touching the ! premises, shall be final between the parties.

Reward shall X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That J be paid on the principal officers and of of his Majesty's navy, 1

from the^of* ordnance, or victualling, as the case may require, shall cause the

ficer of the reward of twenty pounds to be paid by the treasurer of the

court where navy or ordnance respectively for the time being, but of any pub-the offender lick money in his hands, upon producing to them a certificate, for'wMcM^e uni*er hand c er^ a^, ze» or deputy, or other

may charge 5s. prop^ officer of the court before whom such offender or offenders shall be tried, certifying the conviction of the offender or offenders, and that the informer's share of any penalty or fine inflicted upon such offender or offenders doth not amount to more than theiuffl of twenty pounds, or if amounting to more, hath failed to be paid by such offender or offenders for the space of three months next after his or their conviction; unless such offender or offenders shall then be detained in pursuance of any sentence of im- \ prisonment, and then for the space of three months next after the expiration of such sentence; which certificate the said clerk of assize or other proper officer is hereby required to give, and for which he shall charge the sum of five millings, and no more; and the money paid by any such treasurer on account of such rewards, shall be allowed in his accounts, and he shall be discharged thereof accordingly; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary*thereof iq anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Anycommif- That it shall and may be lawful to and for any commissioner of fioner of the the navy, ordnance, or victualling, for the time being, (who, any^'ustice^f ^or !^c PurP°^es herein after mentioned, is hereby authorised to the peace may actn every respect as if he had been named as a justice of the grant war* peace in the commission of the peace for the county, division,

tants for city, town corporate, liberty, or place in which he dull be refi*

dent,

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89. 781

dent, or into which his warrant shall be issued), or any justice searching of the peace for any county, division, city, town corporate, ^ereoathi» liberty, or place, within this kingdom, upon the oath of one or that more credible person or persons, that there is reason or cause to there is reason suspect that any navy, ordnance, or victualling stores, or goods to suspect belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, are concealed !^or*or1g* in any dwelling house, warehouse, work (hop, ourhouse, yard, ]y^jesty are garden or other place, or on board any fiiip, vessel, barge, boat, concealed, or other craft, by warrant under his hand and flal, to cause every such dwelling house, warehouse, workshop, outhouse, yard, garden, or place, ship, vessel, barge, boat, or other craft, in whatsoever county, division, city, town corporate, liberty, or place, the same or any of them shall be, (in case such warrant shall be granted by a commissioner as aforesaid), to be searched, in the day-time, by any police officer, constable, headborough, or other peace officer, either of the county, division, city, town corporate, liberty, or place, in which the premises, ship, veil'd, ^an7^ore# barge, boat, or other craft shall be, or in which the commissioner marked as granting such warrant (if granted by a commissioner) shall then herein-before, reside; and in case any stores or goods marked as herein-before, or in the re-or in the said recited act of the ninth and tenth years of King Clt<jd act of9William the Third is mentioned, shall upon such search be found, a?ementioned to cause the same, and the offender or offenders, to be brought shall be found, before such commissioner or justice of the peace, who is hereby the offender required to commit or bind over, or otherwise to deal with such* offender or offenders according to law, for such his or their offence; and that in case, upon any such search, or upon any and if upon seizure whatsoever of stores, or goods, marked as aforesaid, any such search, naval, ordnance, or victualling stores, not (a marked as aforesaid, °£ any seizure shall be found, which may reasonably be suspected to belong to goodTmarked his Majesty, the party or parties in whose possession or keeping Is aforesaid, the same shall be found, shall be required to give to the commis- anynotnmk-fioner, or justice of the peace respectively before whom the said*

stores or goods shall and maybe brought, an account, to the pQe^e(J satisfaction of such commissioner or justice, that the same were long to his not embezzled or stolen from any of his Majesty's ships or vessels, Majesty, and yards, storehouses, or other places, or that if the same were cm.tlle p; rty shall bezzled or stolen, the same had come to the possession of the said f^Lfa^orv party or parties honestly, and without any knowledge or fufpi- account^cion that the same had been embezzled or stolen, on failure thereof, they whereof by a reasonable time to be set by such commissioner or* -

justice of the peace, the said stores or goods shall thereupon be- ^/deem-

come forfeited, and such party or parties shall be deemed and ed guilty of a adjudged guilty of a mifd^meanor. misdemeanor.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons deputed Persons deer appointed by the principal officers or of of the puted by the navy, ordnance, or victualling, or any three of them respectively, at any time or times from and after the passing of this act, to may

flop, search, and detain in some place of safety, any barge, boat, tain any craft or other craft, which there shall be reason to suspect doth con- in which may

tajn be suspected

00^0 be Contained

Anno regrtt quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89. [1800.

long to his Majesty, and not l'atisfac-torily accounted for, shall be for*

guilty of a ttutdeiBcanor.

782

articles tain any naval, ordnance, or victualling (lores, ropes, tackle* Ma^eit^vef8 aPPare^ furniture, arms, ammunition, materials, and things felsf&c. and stolen, embezzled, or unlawfully procured from or out of any the parties, of his Majesty's ships or vessels, yards, ftot$house$, or other who shall be places, and also to apprehend and detain* or cause to he appre« cordin'^to law kef)(*ed and detained, any person or persons who may be reason-respc6Ung ably suspeefted of haying or conveying any such (lores or other markeditores, things in such barge, boat, or craft; and such person or persons and those not so apprehended shall be (as soon as conveniently may be) coa-^dtedtobe veyec* before any commissioner of the navy, ordnance, or victual-pe et o - ]ing for ific time being, or before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, division, city, town corporate, liberty, or place in which such seizure shall be made, together with the (lores, ropes, tackle, apparel, furniture, arms, aminu-

__________ nition, materials, and things so found in such beat or other craft;

feited, and the which said commissioner or justice is hereby required to commit party deemed or bind over, or otherwise to deal with such person or persons according to law, in respect to any of the said last mentioned (lores and things which shall be so marked as aforesaid j and in respect to any of such (lores or things which shall not be fa marked, but which shall nevertheless be reasonably suspefledtobf the property of his Majesty, the said person or persons on whom the same shall be found shall be required to give aa account, to the satisfaction of such commissioner or justice, that the same were not embezzled or stolen as aforesaid, or that if they were embezzled or stolen, the same had come to his or their possefo fion hone/lly, and without any knowledge or suspicion that the same had been embezzled or stolen, on failure whereof, by I reasonable time to be set as aforesaid, the said aft-mentioned stores or things shall thereupon become forfeited, and the said person or persons so apprehended shall be deemed and adjudged If the persons guilry of a misdemeanour j and in case the said person or persons shall be convicted of dealing, embezzling, or unlawfully hating in his, her, or their possession any of the said stores or things which shall be so marked as aforesaid, or shall be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanour for not giving a satisfactory account as aforesaid, with respect to such of the said stores or things as shall not

__________be so marked as aforesaid, such barge, boat or other craft in

marked ones, which such stores or things, or any of them shall be found, with the craft in its tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall, upon such comicfcon or adjudication, become and be adjudged by such commissioner or justice forfeited, and shall be disposed of in manner herein after mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons so de- That it shall and may he lawful to and for any person or persons deputed °* appointed as aforesaid, or any police officer, conlbbk, officer, may headborough, or other peace officer, or any beadle or watchman, apprehend (during such time as he shall be on duty), of every parKh and fh" place where he shall be an officer, to apprehend and detain, or ing article/7" cau^e to^apprehended and detained, all and every person and

800/

be convicted of Healing marked articles, or adjudged guilty of a nr.ilde-meanor with respect to un -

which found shall be forfeited.

°* apT

'I'd th: i

and j1: j materia toy be be c victi^peapb& W ilo foil jr iatess, "not made,

Tjatj 'tms, Wore 'Ikserc,

atd ijf

Nib

Peace,

inj 0

0r jul

P'erioi c.iarj 'to b f>an

"'-uiir

1 nat

Mice

*her

) a

ioien from i^fons who may realbnably be fufpc&ed of having or carrying,

*a

for,

ere

' % e

'Pub

nr

1800.] Anno regni qjjadragelimo Georgii III. c. 8gf. ^83

or anyways conveying any naval, ordnance, or victualling (lores, his Majesty's

ropes, tackle, apparel, furniture, arms, ammunition, materials, e

and things stolen or unlawfully procured from or out of arty of ^Jcles* his Majesty's ships or vessels, yards, ftofehouies, or other places* and convey*

: and also to seize and detain in some place of safety, such (lores, them and the: materials, or things as last aforesaid, and as soon as conveniently ^hcfolje

: '5 may be to convey* or cause the person or persons so apprehended thHikepro-;: 1 to be conveyed before any commissioner of the navy, ordnance, ceedinga shall; or victualling, or before any one or more justice or justices of be had as with vt the peace for any county, division, city, town corporate, liberty,

or place in or near to the place of seizure, together with the craft,

said stores and other things; and such and the like proceedings: vri shall and may be had and taken against the said person or persons,

; >* in respect of such last mentioned (lores or things, whether marked ".-"3 or not marked, and such forfeiture be incurred, and adjudication^made, as are above directed with respect to (lores found in any.barge, boat, or other craft as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the (lores, ropes, tackle, apparel, furniture, Articles hete-> arms, ammunition, materials, and things, which afe herein* in declared to v 5 before declared to be forfeited on the party or parties not giving the art'es \p to the commissioner or justice a satisfactory account that the same g^ing

_; > were not embezzled or stolen as aforesaid, shall be forthwith satisfactory ..0 returned into his Majesty's (lore, and shall be applied for the use account of^and benefit of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, unless proof.shall be made within three calendar months next following such Majesty's seizure, to the satisfaction of such commissioner or justice of the stores, and peace, that the same stores and other things are the property of applied for any other person or persons*in which case the said commissioner or justice shall cause the same to be forthwith delivered up to such ^thin three person or persons, on his or their giving a proper receipt or dif- months to the charge for the same, and paying the reasonable cods and charges, contrary.

(to be set by such commissioner or justice), attending the con-J, veyance thereof to and from his Majesty's (lore, and the ware- housing or safe custody thereof from the time of the seizure.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

; That it shall and may be lawful to and for such commissioner of The commis-justice of the peace respectively by whom any barge, boat, or (loner or juf- other craft shall be adjudged to be forfeited in pursuance of this tice^act, and he is hereby authorised and required, forthwith after ^adjudgedto^such adjudication, to issue his warrant to the collector or other be forfeited,

chief officer of the customs at the port at or neared to the place shall issue his

- where such seizure shall be made, for the sale of such barge, boat, to

or other craft; which said collector or other chief officer, by th* customa virtue thereof shall, and is hereby authorised and required, within for the sale

f one month then next following, to cause such barge, boat, or thereof, who other craft, together with its tackle, apparel, and furniture, to cause it v be publickly sold to the highest bidder, notice of which sale shall ^u^ to'be

be given in some or one of the publick papers in circulation in publickly fold, the city, town corporate, or place where such sale shall be made s and the pro-

: and the money arising from such sale, after payment of the rea- du.^f* Vol. XUl!*Eu 7 fonablepaKl to tb*

7$4 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89. [1800.

commissioner fonaye expences and charges attending the same, and of fecuting

1800.

such c

dUrofed of as such barge> boat> or other craft from ?he time °.f |r

f n f Ka ft m a#1 K ItaftM A r\ wa «v>«fit ft n ah a# tif At f*A a( ^nfl

herein direct- thereof (to be ascertained by such commissioner or justice of the y t cd* peace) mall thereupon be forthwith paid by such collector or

other officer of the customs into the hands of such commissioner J or justice of the peace respectively, and be by such commissioner S tQ or justice within one calendar month then next following paid andk > disposed of in the manner following; (that is to say), One moiety thereof to the person or persons (or his or their representatives, if dead) who shall have made seizure of such barge, boat, or other craft, and the other moiety thereof to the treasurer of his Majesty's navy for the time being (in case the (lores seized shall be naval or victualling stores) to be by him applied in such and the same manner as the monies arising from the sale of old store in his Majesty's dock yards now are, or for the time being (ha2 be applicable; and in case the stores seized shall be ordnance stores, then the said other moiety shall be paid to the treasurti, of his Majesty's ordnance for the time being, to be by him applied in such manner, for the use of his Majesty, as the mate [ general and principal officers of his Majesty's ordnance for the J

time being shall order and dire#.

forty ( ren for nv XV any 0 foner or q-j; town Hi hichi form, fiiipei to be X1

iTk

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeW, P^fons guilty That every person deemed and adjudged guilty of any of the meanors shall misdemeanors aforesaid, before any commissioner or justice of forfeit certain the peace as aforesaid, shall for every such misdemeanor forfeit luma which for the first offence the sum of forty shillings; for thefccooday be levied offence the sum of five pounds, and for the third and every sub-be a^bed'as* ^ecluent offence the sum of ten pounds, over and above the other Herein direct- forfeitures above mentioned; all which said respective forfeitures ed, and if dif-shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the goods wd trefscannotbe chattels of every such offender, (rendering to him or them the ofe^ershall overP'us> after the charges of the said distress and sale deduced), be committed ty warrant under the hand and seal of such commissioner or jut

\t

A

tl'Pfv

H/,

6on

fluii

lr, 9

0)

tQwr

for three months.

tice of the peace, before whom such offender was convicted, directed to any constable or other peace officer of the county, division, city, town corporate, liberty or place* and shall be# posed of in manner following; (that is to say), One moiety w the person or persons apprehending such offender or offenders, or giving information, as the case shall be, and the other moiety thereof to the treasurer of the navy or ordnance fot ihe time being, as the case may require, to be applied as opre mar tioned; and in case the constable or other peace officer to wixxn such warrant shall be directed, shall return to such commissioner J

and

Win

on!(

Ifo'd

cuff;

*itlj

2/]r

or justice of the peace that the offenders or offender named

'h

N

ki

therein have not or hath not any goods or chattels in his cocmy, ^cr constablewick, whereby he can levy the said penalty, (which return the said constable or other peace officer is hereby requW.

in that case to make within a reasonable time, to be set

said commissioner or justice of the peace, and during which dim*the said offenders or offender shall be kept in sese custody by the Jj order of such commissioner or justice of the peace), then and

fi10ft

r

; Z

; v*

vl

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo GeorgiI III. c. 8^, 7 #5

such case the said commissioner or justice shall, and he is hereby required by warrant under his hand and seal directed, as aforesaid, to cause such offenders or offender to he committed to the common gaol of the county, division, city, town corporate, liberty or place, in which such ftizure shall have been made, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of three calendar months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every adjudication in Adjudication! any of the said misdemeanors shall be certified by the commis- in misdemean-(ioner or justice of the peace making the same, to the next general

or quarter sessions of the peace for the county, division, city, nexct reneral town corporate or place in which such seizure shall he made, to or quarter be filed and entered amongst the records of the said session; and sessions, and such convitftion shall not be set aside or quashed fur want of bc flna^.form, nor be liable to be removed by certiorari, advocation, or suspension into any other court, but shall be deemed and taken to be final to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And whereas it might tend to prevent the commffion of

offences if power were given to the of of his Majesty's navy, ordnance, and victualling, and his Ma] cfly's justices of the peace out of sessions, to bear and determine offtices in a summiry way in cases where the jlores found are of small value, and to fine or otherwise punish the offenders accordingly, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, it Anycommiffiull and may be lawful to and for any principal officer or com- boner of the missioner of the navy, ordnance, or victualling, for the time be- the

ing, or any justice of the peace for any county, division, city, p-ace, may detown corporate, liberty, or place, within this kingdom, to hear t ermine any and determine any complaint against any person or persons (not complaint foY being a contractor or contractors, or employed as aforesaid) for or re-unlawfully felling or delivering, or causing or procuring to be living stores fold or delivered, or for receiving Or having in his, her, or their not exceeding custody, possession, or keeping, or for concealing any (lores of shillings war, or naval, ordnance, or victualling (lores or goods marked fin<Tthd with such marks respectively as are herein-before mentioned, of offender i<?l« any value in the whole not exceeding twenty shillings, ifchich

said commissioner or justice respectively is hereby authorised and required upon any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf, at any time within three calendar months next after any such offence shall have been committed, to cause the party or parties accused to be apprehended and brought before him; or if he, she, or they shall have absconded, or cannot be found, then to be summoned to appear before such commissioner or justice* by a notice or summons left at his, her, or their last or usual place of abode j and also cause the witnesses on either side to be furti-naoned, and such commissioner or justice shall examine into the matter of fail, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary consession of the party or parties, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, ( which oath the said commissioner or justice respectively is hereby authorised to administer), give judgement or (entence accordingly j and in case the party or

b s s 2 parties

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89. [1800.

parties accused shall be convicted of such offence, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such commissioner or justice of the peace respectively to inflict a fine of ten pounds upon him, her, Application ofor them, for such his, her, or their offence; which said fine so fine, which inflicted shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to »ay^e levied the informer or discoverer of the offence, and the other moiety

iSc

by distrest.

If sufficient distress can-

correction.

thereof (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being deducted) to the treasurer of his Majesty's navy or ordnance, «the case may be, to Be by him applied in such manner as hereinbefore mentioned with respect to the produce of barges, boats, or other craft seized and fold under the authority of this act, and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand and seal for levying such fine so adjudged on the goods of the offender or offenders, and to cause foie to be made thereof for payment of such fine and the reasonable charges of distress, (to be judged of by such commissioner or justice respectively), in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where sufficient goods of the party cannot be found to answer the said fine, to commit the said offender or not be found, offenders to the common gaol of the county, division, city, rnav°^com- town cc?rPorate> liberty, or place, for the space of three calendar mitted to the months, unless such fine shall be sooner paid, or in lieu of such common gaol, fine, to cause such offender or offenders to be imprisoned and* IieU of kept to karc* labour in the house of correction for the space of beket to^ t^ree calen^ar months, as to such commissioner or justice of the hard labour in peace respectively shall be thought fit; and every such commifli-the house of oner or justice shall cause the amount of every such last mentioned moiety of fine which he shall lo receive, and also the moiety of every sum arising from the file of any barge, boar, or other craft fold under the authority of this act and paid into his hands as aforesaid, to be paid into the hands of the said treasurer of the navy or ordnance within thirty days after the expiration of the year in which such fines shall be received by him, or in de-, fault thereof such commissioner or justice respectively shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered with double cofb of suit, by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, by action^f debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of hisMa-jesty's courts of record at Westminster, or court of exchequer in Scotland, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager.of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety of which last mentioned fine shall go to his Majesty, his heirs and successofl, and the other moiety thereof, to him or them who shall sue for the same as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always nevertheless. That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said commissioner or justice before whoa any person shall be convicted in a summary way as aforesaid (if he shall see cause), to mitigate and lessen any such before-mentioned fine of ten pounds, to be inflicted in that behalf as he shall (hint fit, (the reasonable costs of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation; and so as such mitigi*

Fines may be mitigated.

tion of ti thin

notv

mij

tern

offei

kbo who arj the the ordi the 1

navi pub] fan the such and ofci ip it tion:

ec acco

acco

k

wi\[

«l

u/id

the

ord r

that

°rj'c

Dull

rl

JUllll "ndt Cf nj C'fie

non

start

fho

787

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89.

n 322 tion do not reduce the fine to less than one moiety of the said sum ifrers of ten pounds, over and above the said costs and charges; any ymjii thing contained' in this act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

rcrj5!

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case such com- If in lieu of a, j missioner or justice of the peace shall, upon the hearing and de- fine the of-j.rrr's termining of such complaint as aforesaid, adjudge the offender or phoned*

offenders, in Jieu of a fine, to be imprisoned and kept to hard informer shall u: labour as aforesaid, that then the informer, or person or persons receive 5l. re-

i? who shall have discovered such offender or offenders, shall have waI^ upon and receive, as a reward for such his, her, or their discovery, aTertificate°f rj-.w the sum of five pounds for every such offence so discovered; and fromthecom->: the principal officers and of of his Majesty's navy, missioners or ordnance, or victualling, as the case may require, shall cause the said reward of five pounds to be paid by the treasurer of the navy or ordnance respectively for the time being, out of any publick money, in his hands, upon such informer or other per-Con producing to them a certificate under the hand and seal of the commissioner or justice of the peace who shall have convicted such offender or offenders as aforesaid, certifying such conviction,

Z-z and thepuniflhment which he hath inflicted upon the offender or'"rj offenders; and the name or names of the person or persons who in his judgement is entitled, and in what proportion or propor- tions to such reward; which certificate the said commissioner or justice of the peace respectively is hereby required to give without fee or reward; and the money paid by any such treasurer on account of such Jaft mentioned rewards shall be allowed in his j accounts, and he shall be discharged thereof accordingly; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise not-\Z % withstanding; provided also, That no such summary proceeding fumnsary.as before mentioned shall be had before any justice of the peace

under the authority of this a<9, without the consent in writing of forc any the principal officers or of of his Majesty's navy, tice without

5 ordnance, or victualling for the time being, or one of them, for the consent of that purpose first had and obtained; and that every adjudication

J or sentence to be had or given without such consent as aforesaid, navy, &c.

shall be null and void to all Intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall find himself, herself, or themi Persons think-(elves aggrieved by the judgement of any such commissioner ornS justice, touching or concerning any such stores as Iaft aforesaid, any judge- y under the value of twenty shillings, then he, she, or they, shall m/nttouching or may, upon entering i 110 a recognizance to his Majesty, with itores upder one or more surety or sureties, to the satisfaction of such com- r^e vaIue °* missioner or justice, to the amount of treble the value of such fine, appeal to the justices of the peace at their next general quarter fef-quarter sessions of the peace for the county, division, city, town lions, corporate, liberty, or place wherein the offence was committed, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses rpon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in nfe the judgement shall be affirmed, it shall may be lawful for

S E s 2

788

Convictions shall be made out in the following form, or to the like effect,

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89. [1800.

such justices of the peace to award the person or persons so appealing to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them the said justices shall seem meet, and to enforce payment thereof, according to the course and practice of such court.

XXII. And in order to avoid frivolous and vexatious appeals, be it further enacted, That the commissioner or justice of the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the like effect piutatis mutandis; which conviction shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes, without dating the case, or the feds or evidence, in any more particular manners (that is to say),

Form of con- c BE it remembered, That on the

Y!ction. JD

day of

in the year of our Lord A.B. fl

in the of was convicted before

me C.D. one of the commissioners of his Majesty's [or, one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the of as the caje may be] for that the said A* B. on the day of now last past, at the of

in the said of did [herefate the offiw

(tgainji tbs act] contrary to the statute in such case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal the day of

in the year of our Lord

ponviftionsto Which conviction the said commissioner or justice shall cause to be returned to be written fairly upon parchment or paper, and returned to the rera^quarter n€xt general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, dtvi-sessions to he fi°n» city, town corporate, liberty, or place where such convk-filed, and shall tion was made, to be filed by the cleric of the peace, and there not be remov- to remain and be kept among the records of the same county, other^coiut. c}*v^, on» c, ty, town corporate, liberty, or place, and the same f shall not be removed by certiorari, advocation, or fufjpension, into > any court whatsoever.

Witnessesneg-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-Jcding to at- fons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses, to give evidence tei^d to forfeit before such commissioner, or justice or justices of the peace,

touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the

parr of the prosecutor or of the party or parties accused, and shall J neglect or ret'use to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, pr their neglect or refusal, to be allowed by such commissioner pr justice or justices of the peace before whom the feizore, complaint, or prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied, and paid and applied, in such manner and by such means as is above directed with respect to fines on summary convictions. j

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and dc- I

dared,

i

Ill 1: 1

Cl 73 -A-ZC

xn: 7$

rhit

ns*

Cf'^J

fiC?'

nv

I

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89. 789

dared, That nothing herein-before contained which gives to any Nothing here* commissioner or justice of the peace power or authority to hear, n ^allpre-and determine offences in a summary way, shall extend or he ^cufed offcl-deemed, construed, or taken to extend, to prevent the party or ling or receiv-parties accused of felling or delivering, or of having in his, her, ing stores un-or their custody, possession, or keeping, or of receiving or con- thJL?n-^C cealing any of the stores marked as above mentioned, under the being3* value of twenty shillings, from being prosecuted as receivers of prosecuted as stolen goods under this act, or for unlawfully having the same receivers of in his, her, or their custody, or concealing the same under the &oten good*, said recited acts of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the Third, the ninth year of the reign of King George the First, or the seventeenth year of the reign of King George the Second, in any court of record, oyer and terminer, or otherwise, as they might have been if no such power or authority hail been given j or to take away from any person or court whatsoever any power, right, jurisdiction, pre-eminence, or authority, whiert he or they, or any of them, ought lawfully to have had and enjoyed for the hearing and determining of such offences, in case no such power or authority to hear and determine the same in a summary way had been given, so as that the same person shall not be punished twice for the same offence.

J XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said of The fcommrf-

of the navy, ordnance, or victualling, for the time being, may fioners of the sell and dispose of any of the stores aforesaid so marked as aforesaid, as they did or might have done before the making of this ftOJ-C8> an<i ad; and that such person or persons as heretofore have or shall the buyers, hereafter buy any such stores or other stores so marked as afore- may kceP laid, of the said respective of, may keep and enjoy [ncmrin^BV'the same, without incurring the penalty of this act, or any law ^naky"gon to the contrary whatsoever, upon producing a certificate or cer- producing a; tificares, under the hand and seal of three or more of the said certificate of of, that they bought such goods or stores from them at any time before they fold or delivered the same, or before the same were found in their custody, or a certificate from such person or persons as shall appear to have bought the said stores from them the said of, that the stores so fold or delivered by them, or so found in their custody, were the stores or part of the stores so bought of the said of as aforesaid; in which certificate or certificates, the quantities of such stores shall be expressed, and the rime when and where bought of the said of, who, or any three or more of them for the time being, and also the person or persons afterwards felling the same, are hereby empowered and directed from time to time to give such certificate to such person or persons as shall desire the same, and have bought and shall hereafter buy any of the aforesaid stores within thirty days after the sale and delivery thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall make, sign, or give any false cer* Penalty for tificate, bill of pareels, or other instrument, purporting the identity giving or pub* or tho fhle or disposal of any goods or stores as goods or stores so Wfo

purchasedwSf"tc4-

b

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89. [1800.

purchased of \ he laid of as aforesaid, or if any personor persons shall utter or publiQi any such false certificate, bill of pareels, or other instrument purporting as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false, every such offender, upon conviction thereof indue form of law, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and be further corporally punished, as by this act is directed with respect to persons having in their possession or concealing his Majesty's warlike, naval, or ordnance (lores, contrary to the said act of Application of the ninth and tenth years of King William the Third; 00c

penalty.

If any person shall be sued

for any fei-

Jture,

prove on the trial that the stores were

certificate, &c, the defendant shall be acquitted.

The commis-Goners shall have the be-

st j Jac. 1 it* and

14 Geo. a. c. 44.

1 \

moiety of which penalty shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the informer, to be recovered in such manner as the penalty of two hundred pounds, inflicted by the said last mentioned act, h by that ad or any law nowin force, made recoverable.

XXV1L And be it further enacted, That in case any perk or persons shall be sued or prosecuted for or by reason of their

andfliajl an7 such stores or goods as aforesaid, or any barge, boat,

or other craft in which the same shall have been deposited, upon the trial of the issue shall make proof, that such goods or (lores so seized by him or them, or any part thereof, were lo noYmarked mar^ed as aforesaid, or if not so marked, might reasonably be might be fuf- suspected so belong to his Majesty, or in case the plaintiff or petted to be- plaintiffs, in such action or suit, shall not at such trial make good long to his proof that he or they was or were so employed, or had such cer-the plaintiff t^cate as aforesaid, and that he or they did shew such certificate shall not prove to the defendant or defendants before the action or suit was com-that he had a mcnced or brought, and that such defendant or defendants did not thereupon deliver or offer to deliver back unto the plaintiff or plaintiffs, at their request, all such goods and (lores as aforesaid, and the barge, boat, or other craft (if any) in which the same had been deposited, in as good plight and condition as they were at the time of the seizure thereof, such defendant or defendants shall be acquitted and found not guilty thereupon.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commissioner of the navy, ordnance, or visual-ling, acting in the execution of this act, shall have and beenti-nefit gSverfto to the benefit and protection given to the justices of the justices of the peace in and by an act of parliament made in the sevenrh year peace by 7 of the reign of the late King James the First, intituled An Jac. y. c. pr eaje ln pleasing troubkfome and contentious suit s prosecuted cgdid juJUces of the peace, mayors, constables, and certain other his Majesh'i officers, for the lawful execution of their office 5 and also in and by one other act of parliament, made in the twenty*first year of the reign of the said late King James, intituled An act to enlarge etl. make perpetual the act, made for ease in pleading against troublefm and contentious suits prosecuted against justices of the peace, mayors, constables, and certain other his Majesty's officers, for the lawful execution of their office, made in the seventh year of his Majesty's most happy reign; and also in and by one other act of parliament, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the rendering juficts

t

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 89. 791

f the peace more safe in the execution of their office and for indemnifying constables and others atiing in obedience to their warrants, in as full and ample manner and form as if such commissioner had been a justice of the peace within the true intent and meaning of the said acts of parliament, or any of them; and that all and and the peace every constable, headborough, or other peace officer, or person officers acting acting under the warrant or authority of such commissioner injjaveithe pursuance of this act, shall, besides the protection given to persons protection of making seizures as above-mentioned, have and be entitled to the the said acts, full benefit and protection of the said several last mentioned acts of parliament, in the fadne manner to all intents and purposes, as if he or they had acted under the warrant or authority of a justice of the peace within the meaning of the same acts.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this present act shall extend to that part of the kingdom of A Cl: to extend Great Britain called Scotland; and it is hereby declared and en-to Scotland* acted by the authority aforesaid, that all persons who shall commit within that part of Great Britain called Scotland any of the offences again if this act herein-before expressed, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, shall be liable to the same pains, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities which by this present act are declared to be applicable to similar offences committed withiit that pan of Great Britain called England.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons accused of having committed any of the Offenders in offences against this act, herein-before described, within that Scotland to be part of Great Britain called Scotland* shall be tried according to j"* -

the forms used and observed by the law of Scotland in trials for forma in trials theft or reset of theft.*for theft or

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority reset of theft, aforesaid, That all persons accused of offences and misdemeanors Persons ac-against this act within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, f^es^ Scotland for which, when committed in England* a summary mode of Und^foTwSh trial and conviction is herein-before established, may be tried in in England a the same summary manner within that part of Great Britainummary called Scotland* before the judge ordinary of the bounds, or before

two or more justices of the peace in or out of sessions, and being may^p0*lawfully convicted thereof, by their own confession, or by the tried there, oath of one or more credible witnesses, shall be punished in the manner herein-before directed in cases of such summary trial and con v id ion in England.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such summary prosecutions within that part of Great At whose in-Britain called Scotland* shall proceed, either at the instance offtanccfuJP* the procurator fifeal of the court before which the party is to be jnSoST tried, or at the instance of his Majesty's naval storekeeper at jana shall prol Leith for the time being, with concourse of such procurator ceed. fifeal.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures to be imposed on any Penalties in

person by virtue of this act, within that part of Great Britain Scotland to be applied as in

calkd

In cases where in England suits may he instituted in any court of record at Westminster, in similar cases in Scotland they may be instituted in the court of exchequer there.

In questions in Scotland upon matters notherein provided for the laws there to be observed.

If any person ill all forswear himselfhe shall be liable to the penalties of wilful perjury.

[Preamble.]

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 90, [1800.

called Scotland, shall be applied in the manner herein*before directed with regard to similar fines, penalties, and forfeiture! to be imposed by virtue of this act in that part of Great Britain called England,

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases in which by this present act or otherwise it is necessary or lawful to institute any suit, plaint, bill, or action, before any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, for any thing done contrary to or in pursuance of this act within that part of Great Britain called England, it shall be lawful in all similar cases occurring within that part of Great Britain called Scotland for the party to bring his action before the court of exchequer there, according to the forms and ufuages observed in that court: provided always, That such action or suit be brought within thetiroe above specified for bringing such actions in England.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all questions whatsoever occurring within that part of Great Britain called Scotland upon all matters and things done contrary to or in pursuance of this act, and which are notherein* before expressly provided for, regard shall be had to the laws and ufuages observed in Scotland in like cases; any thing herein expressed to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person upon examination on oath or affirmation before any commissioner of the navy, ordnance, or victualling respectively, or before any justice of the peace in Great Britain, in any matter relating to the execution of this act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, or shall, in any information or depofmon sworn, or affirmation taken in writing before any such commissioner or justice, wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the like pains and penalties as any persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are by any law now in force subject and liable to.

CAP. XC.

An act for settling disputes that may arise between mafiers end workmen engaged in the cotton manufacture in that part of Great Britain called England.

[July 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS confederate abuses have for several years last fofl subsisted in the trade or manufacture of cotton weaving d that part of Great Britain called England, to the great opprcjfmtf the persons employed in the manufacture thereof and concern therein and manifcfl hindrance and injury of the trade: and whereas it will he a great convenience and advantage to all parties concerned in /tub tradey and an encouragement to the manufacturey that a cheap anl summary mode he establishedfyr settling all disputes that may arise in r effect thereof between the masters and workmen engaged in the fad tradi: may it please your Majesty that it may be waited; and

793

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 90.

be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of August From Aug. t9 in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, in all cates 1800, in cases that shall or may arise within that part of Great Britain called Big}and % where the masters and workmen cannot agree respecting ters^w^rk-the price or p« ices to be paid for work done, or to be done, in men in the the said manufacture, whether such dispute shall happen or arise cotton manu-between them respecting the reduction or advance of wages or any injury or damage done, or alledged to have been done by the cannot be workmen to the work, or respecting any delay, or supposed de- mutually ad-Jay, on the part of the workmen in finishing the work or the not justed, the finishing such work in a good and workmanlike manner; and mattcrdlf-also in all cases where the workmen are to be employed to work to

any new pattern which shall require them to purchase any new arbitration, implements of manufacture for the working thereof, and the mailers and workmen cannot agree upon the compensation to be made to such workmen for or in respect thereof, and also respecting the length of all pieces of cotton goods, or the wages or compensation to be paid for all pieces of cotton goods that are made of any great or extraordinary length, and respecting the manufacture of cravats, shawls, polycat, romall, and other handkerchiefs, and the number to be contained in one piece of such handkerchiefs, and the wages to be paid in respect thereof, and in all cases of dispute or difference arising or happening by and between the masters and workmen employed in such manufacture, out of, for, or touching such trade or manufacture, which cannot be otherwise mutually adjusted and settled by and between them; it shall and may be lawful, and it is hereby declared to be lawful, for such masters and workmen, between whom such dispute or difference shall arise as aforesaid, or either of them, to demand and have an arbitration or reference of such matter or matters in dispute, and each of them is hereby authorised and empowered forthwith to nominate and appoint aa arbitrator for and on his respective part and behalf, to arbitrate Arbitrators and determine such matter or matters in dispute as aforesaid, and empowered to.such arbitrators so appointed as aforesaid, after they shall have accepted and taken upon them the business of the said arbitra- mmifteroaths, tion, are hereby authorised and required to summon before them, and examine upon oath the parties and their witnesses,

(which oath the said arbitrators are hereby authorised and required to admiriifter according to the form set forth in the schedule to this act), and forthwith to proceed to hear and determine the complaints of the parties and the matter or matters in dispute between them, and the award to be made by such arbitrators shall in all cases be final and cohclusive between the parties; but If they do not in case such arbitrators so appointed cannot agree to decide such matter or matters in dispute so to be referred to them as aforesaid, three and do not make and sign their award within the space of three days after days after the signing of the said submission, that then they shall submission,

6 forthwlth-i^y^llftate

decide therein.

Parties or witnessfes refilling to attend arbiti a-

794 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1800.

the points in forthwith, and without delay, go before and attend upon one of distercnceto Majesty's justices of the peace acting in and for the county<hallCfinaJly> riding* city, liberty, division, township, or place, and residing nearest to the place where such dispute shall happen and be referred, and state to such justice the points indifference between them the said arbitrators, which points in difference the said justice shall and he is hereby authorised and required to hear and determine, which determination of such justice shall be made and signed within the space of three days after the expiration of the time hereby allowed the arbitrators to make and sign their award, and shall be final and conclusive between the parties so differing as aforesaid; and if either of the said parties, or their respective witnesses, having been duly summoned, shall neglect or refuse to attend such arbitrators at the time and place by them for that tors, and after purpose appointed, 'jt shall and may be lawful for any one or being brought more of his Majesty's justices of the peace acting in and for the ^ore aj!ul* county, riding, city, liberty, division, township, or place, where gTve1 tviJtnce° dispute shall happen, and he or th: y is or are hereby required,

may be com- upon proof on oath being made before him or them of the service of such summons, either personallyor by leaving the fameatthe last or usual place of abode of such person summoned, and also upon the like proof of the neglect or refusal of such person to attend the said arbitrators in pursuance of such summons, (unless a reasonable excuse be made for such non-attendance to the satisfaction of such justice or justices), to issue his or their warrant under his or their hand or hands for the apprehending and bringing such person before him or them, and if any such person lo being brought before such justice or justices shall still refuse to be examined, or to give his or their testimony before such arbitrators touching the premises, such person so refuting shall be by the said justice or justices committed to the house of correction within his or their jurisdiction, there to remain without bailor mainprize until he, she, or they, shall submit to be examined and give evidence before the arbitrators touching the premises aforesaid.

Timeofmak-

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the ing award parties who shall have signed any submission to arbitration shall think it expedient, or be minded and desirous to extend the time

iS

mitted to the house of cor-redion.

parties.

hereby limited for the making of the award or umpirage, it shall and may be lawful for them to extend the same accordingly by indorsement on the back of such submission, to be signed by both of them in the presence of one or more credible witness or witnesses; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Cub-ma be drawn m^orl to inch arbitration, and the award or umpirage to be onunftamped made thereon, shall and may be drawn up, and written at the

Submission and award

paper agree- foot of such submission, upon unstamped paper, in the respective ably tofehe- forms set forth in the schedule to this act; any law, usage, or

dule annexedj custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 90. 795

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That there shall, and each party in all cases, be written or engrossed two parts of the submission tohavcacoPy* to arbitration, one for each of the parties subscribing the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If any party in every case of dispute or difference between any such master refute to sign and workman in such trade or manufacture as aforesaid, if an arbitration shall be demanded, and the submission thereto signed, an arbitrator, and an arbitrator therein named by either of the said parties, and or to submit the other of them shall refuse or neglect to sign the said submif- to the award, lion, and appoint his arbitrator; or if, after the making of the ^t^e^oth/r^ said award or umpirage, either party shall refuse to submit thereto party l0\, 9 for the time or term of two days next after the signing of such &c. submission in manner aforesaid, or refusing to submit to such

award or umpirage respectively as aforesaid, the party so neglecting, or refusing to sign the said submission, or to appoint his arbitrator, or refusing to submit to such award or umpirage as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the party who shall have demanded such arbitration, signed his submission thereto, and named his arbitrator therein as aforesaid, or in whose favour such award or umpirage shall be made and signed as aforesaid, the sum of ten pounds, |lo be recovered in a summary way before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, city, liberty, division, township, or place, where such offence shall be committed; and the conviction for the same may be had and made upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses; and in case any such forfeiture or penalty shall not be forthwith paid pursuant to such conviction, such justice or justices shall, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, together with ail costs and charges attending such distress and sale; and in case no sufficient distress can be had, such justice or justices shall, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, commit the offender to the common gaol, or some house of correction, within his or their jurisdiction, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than two calendar months.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justice or justices, before whom any person or persons Convictioust shall be convicted of any offence against this act, shall cause all he drawn up such convictions to be drawn up according to the form, or to agreeably to the effect set forth in the schedule to this act; and the said justice fort^irTthe.or justices shall cause the same to be fairly written on parchment, schedule. and transmitted to the next general sessions, or general quarter sessions of the peace, to be holden for the county, riding;, division, city, liberty, township, or place, wherein such conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the said general or general quarter sessions.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Appeal may and may be lawful for any person convicted before any one or^ua^erfef^ more justice or justices of the peace, of any offence against this 2onSs

796 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1800.

act, to appeal to the justices of the peace assembled at the next general sessions or general quarter sessions of the peace, to be holden for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town&ip, or place, wherein such conviction shall be made, such perfrin lb appealing giving immediate notice of such appeal, and finding two sufficient sureties in the sum of five pounds each, and entering into his or her own recognizance before such justice or justices so convicting as aforesaid, in the sum of ten pounds, to appear and prosecute every such appeal with effedlj and the juf. tices of the peace at Aich general or general quarter sessions of the peace, are hereby authorised and required on every such appeal being made, and on reasonable notice thereof given to the other party, finally to hear and determine the matter of even J such appeal, and to make such order, and to award such costs V

therein, as they in their discretion shall fee meet; and which }

said order and determination shall be final and conclusive to all parties; and no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any such proceedings or determination.

Limitation of

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho* actions. r; ty aforesaid, Xhat no action shall be brought against any arbitrator, justice of the peace, constable, headborough, or other officer, or against any other person or persons whomsoever, for any matter or thing whatsoever done or committed under or by virtue or in the execution of this act, unless such action shall be \ brought within six calendar months next after the doing or committing of such matter or thing.

General issue

IX. Provided also, That if any action or suit shall hereafter maybe plead- be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for any thing done under, by virtue, or in the execution of this act,

such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or suffer discontinuance, or forbear further prosecution, or if judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants, such defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their full colts, for which he, she, or they shall have like remedy as in cases where cods by law are given to defendants.

Justices who

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority are cotton aforesaid, That no justice of the peace, being also % matter COtton weaver or manufacturer, shall act as such justice under a*this act 5 any thing herein contained, or any former statute, law, ulage, or cuttom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Nothing here- aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be into repeal construed to extend, to repeal, abridge, annul, or make void " the'aaaof8 an? of the clauses> Prov'(ions* remedies, or powers contained in*Anneti^and x^c several acts made and passed in the first year of the reign of3 Geo. ». her late majesty Queen Anne, and in the thirteenth and twenty-andi7 Geo. 3. third years of the reign of his late majesty King Georft the other ad^so and in seventeenth year of the reign of his present

fowtheypro-- Majesty* or in any or either at them, or in any ther aft or aftr j

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 90. 797

relating to the said trade heretofore made and passed, so far as vide penaltiei the same enact, provide, or inflict any pains, penalties, and punishments upon or against such workmen, and so far as the^e^csto same enact, provide, or afford any remedy or remedies to the mailers (ex-maftcis against the workmen engaged in the said trade or manu- cept where fasture slave and except where such remedy and remedies relate they TTlate to to wages); any thing in this act contained to the contraryuages'" thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Publick act.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be taken and allowed to be a publick act in all courts within this kingdom, and all judges and justices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of the OATH to be administered by the arbitrators to the parties and witnesses under this act.

THE evidence that you shall give before us the arbitrators appointed by A. B* and CD. (the parties to the submission), to determine the matters in difference between them, under and by virtue of an act passed in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act, ((late the title of the act), shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.

So help you GOD.

FORM of the SUBMISSION to ARBITRATION, and of the award to be made in pursuance of this act.

I A.B. of, &c. (set forth the name, residence, and description of the party) do hereby nominate and appoint C.D. of, tsV. my arbitrator under and by virtue of an act passed in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled An act, (set forth the title of the act), to hear and determine the matters ixt difference between me and E. F. of, £3V.

I, E. F. of, fefc. do appoint G. H. of, £sfr. to be my arbitrator tinder the said act for the purposes aforesaid.

FORM of the AWARD or UMPIRAGE to be made by the arbitrators or umpire, and to be written at the foot of the submission.

WE*, /. K. and L. M. of, &V. the arbitrators above-appointed, [or I, N. O. of ZJc. the justice, as the case may he], do hereby adjudge and determine that, &c. (here set forth the determination to which the arbitrators or justice, as the case may be, shall substribe their names).

Witness,

P.$s

FORM

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1800.

FORM of CONVICTION in a pecuniary penalty.

BE it remembered, That on the day of in the

year of his Majesty's reign, and in the year of our Lord y/. B. is convicted before me, (or us, meaning the justices) one (or, two) of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county (or, riding, city, liberty, township, division, or place) of for that the said A. B* (ft ate the offence, as for neglecting to fan tht submission, or refusing to submit to the award within the time limited, as the case may be), contrary to the statute made in the fortieth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act, (here set forth the title of the act)\ and I (or we) the said justice or justices) do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said offence, to forfeit and lose the sum of of lawful monevof

Great Britain, and do order the same to be forthwith paid by him, (her, or them, as the case may be) to C. D.

FORM of COMMITMENT of

witness.

a person summoned as a

WHEREAS proof on oath hath been made before me (or us,

" naming the justice or justices signing the commitment) one (or two) of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county (tr riding, city, liberty, township, division, or place) of on this day of That A.B. hath beenduly

summoned, and hath neglected to appear and give evidence before C.D. and E. F. the arbitrators appointed by and between G. H. and /. K. to determine the matters in dispute between them at in the county (or, riding, city, liberty, township, division, or place) of on the day of

under and by virtue of an aeft, made in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An atU (bereft forth the title of the act)*, and the said A.B. being required by me, the said justice, to give evidence before the said arbitrators, and still refusing so to do, therefore I (or we) the said justice or justices) do hereby, in pursuance of the said act, commit the laid/B. to the (defrihing the prison, or house of correction) there to remain without bail or main prize for his (or her) offence aforesaid, until he (or (he) shall submit himself (or herself) to be examined, and give his (or her) evidence before the said arbitrators, touching the matters referred to them as aforesaid, or shall otherwise be discharged by due course of law. And you the (constable other peace officer or officers to whom the warrant is directed) are hereby authorised and required to take into your custody the body of the said AB, and him (or her) fafdy to convey to the said prison (or house of correction) and him (or her) there to deliver to the gaoler (or keeper) thereof, who is hereby authorised and

arid

An

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 91, 9a. 799

required to receive into his custody the body of the said A.B. and him or her fafeiy to detain and keep pursuant to this commitment.

Given under my (or our) hand or hands) this day of

in, the year of our Lord

This commitment to be directed to the proper peace officer and the gaoler (or keeper) of the prison (or house of correction).

CAP. XCI.

An act to prohibit, until the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred, the exportation of rice.

[July iS, 1800 ]

CAP. XCII.

An act for efiallishing certain regulations in the offices of the house of commons.

[Jaly 28, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient tf'at after the interefis, which the

perjous her ein-after mentioned enjoy, by virtue of letters patent granted by his Majesty, in the office of clerk of the house of commons,

shall have expired, a different dishibution should be made of the fees and emoluments now belonging thereto; and that for this purpose further regulations Jhculd be established in other offices of the said house: and whereas by letters patent under the great fed of Great Britain, Recital of bearing date at Wed minder the third day of June, in the eighth year !ettrCru of the reign of his present Majesty, the office of clerk of the house of fell esquire) " commons, with an annuity of ten pounds, and all other rewards, dues, and John Ley r?ghts, profits, commodities, advantages, and emoluments whatsoever esquire, clerks

to the said office- after what manner soever or houfsever then or then- °J.t^ie house t^r J'.; ' J, j, of commons,

tofore anciently appertaining, incident, accustomed or belonging, was and to Ed-

granted to John Haifell esquire for and during his natural life: and ward Coleman

1 whereas also by certain ether letters patent, hearing date at Wedmin- esquire, ler-

der the fourth day of July, in the thirty-five nth year of the reign ^jeant «darras»

!. r his present Majesty, the said office was granted to John Ley cj quire

for and during his natural life, to take effect from and after the decease of the said John Hatfell, in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner as the same had been granted to the said John Hatfell as aforesaid: and whereas by certain other letters patent, under the great

vfeal of Great Britain, bearing date at Wedminder the fexteenth day

: '^/'November, in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

the office of serjeant at arms attending the house of commons, with a

salary ami all other fees, perquisites, and emoluments to the said office

: > belonging, was granted to Edward Coleman esquire:

+may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the speaker of the house of commons for the time The speaker,

being, and the secretary Or secretaries of date, the chancellor of the secreta-

the exchequer, the mader of the rolls, and the attorney and riesofstate,

: solicitor general for the time being, being also members of the j^of the*

ex-

house chequer, the

800 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 93. [1800.

matter of the house of commons, shall be, and they are hereby nominated, rolls, and the con{fttuted, and appointed of for the purposes of folicltor^- any said of, whereof the

neral, being speaker of the house of commons for the time being shall be one, also members shall be, and they are hereby authorised to carry this act into of the house execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the expi-missioners. ration of the said letters patent so granted to the said John Hat-After cxdU fell, John Ley, and Edward Coleman as aforesaid, all fees, per-ration or re- quisites, and emoluments which would have been due and cited letters payable to any future clerk or clerk assistant of the house of Feeaand^mo* commons, or serjeant at arms attending the house of commons luments of the for the time being, in case this acfc had not been made, shall be clerk and fer- paid into the hands of the said of, to be by them jeant of the applied and distributed in the manner herein after directed; thit nsonrn ftij % n°be* 's to k}r» The said of shall, and they are hereby di-paid to the reeled to pay to the clerk of the house of commons for the time being, the nett annual sum of three thousand pounds, for and during the first five years which the said clerk of the house of commons shall hold his said office; and from and after the expiration of the said term of five years, to pay to such cleric of the

of, to be by them applied in manner herein direct

cd, in payment house of commons, the further nett sum of five hundred pounds

of salaries to annually, making together the sum of three thousand five hun-

clerk alfiftauit. ^rec* PGunc's > an^ to Pay to t^e c^cr^ aflHlant of the said house'for the time being:, the nett annual sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, for and during the first five years which the said clerk assistant shall hold his said office; and from and after the expiration of the said term of five years, to pay to such ckrk assistant, the further nett annual sum of five hundred pounds, making together the sum of two thousand pounds; and which sums io paid by the said of to the clerk and cleft assistant of the house of commons respectively, shall be taken and accepted by them in full satisfaction and discharge of all fees, perquisites, and emoluments to which he or they might or could have been, entitled, or which he or they may have beenaccvi-tomed to receive, by virtue or in respect of his or their said c^ke or offices, previous to the patting of this aeft, any form, practice, or ufoge to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, That in case a vacancy shall happen in the office of clerk of the house of commons, after the expiration of the said letters patent, and the clerk assistant for the time being shall succeed thereto, and shall then have held the office of clerk assistant more thin five years, the excess beyond five years shall be reckoned as part or the whole, as the case may be, of the five ycirs which tthe clerk of the house of commons is herein required to have held his office, before he shall be entitled to have and receive of the said of the said sum of three thousand five hundred pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof is anywise notwithstanding.

If the clerk ill. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the clerk

assistant shall assistant who shall be iu possession of that office at the expirattoo

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 93. 801

of the said letters patent, shall continue in such office after the continue in expiration of the said letters patent, or shall then or at any timeiratonof r c thereafter he appointed clerk of the house of commons, the inters patent, rO amount of his salary or allowance agreeably to the provisions the amount of; r 'i herein-before contained, shall be estimated according to the hi* salary to

whole number of years, as well before as after the expiration of^estimated: rir the said letters patent, during which he shall in any of the said the^urri^r: cases have held the said office; any thing herein contained to the of years he

/is.:! contrary in any wise notwithstanding. had held the

rrs;

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said of yi*f shall, and they are also hereby further authorised and directed Salary to he from and after the expiration of the interest of the said Edward ^ant^Tarroi: s: k; Coleman in the said oiiice of serjeant at arms, to pay to the serjeant ^nd his de-r at arms attending the house of commons for the time being, the puty, See. nett annual sum of two thousand three hundred pounds, which said sum of two thousand three hundred pounds shall be taken and accepted by the said serjeant at arms for the time being, in i*.: 53. full satisfaction and discharge of all fees, perquisites, and emolu-

bait ments to which he might or could have been entitled, or which

ranr he may have been accustomed to receive, by virtue or in respect

: a of his said office, previous to the passing of this a<ft$ any form,

r: r practice, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: provided i s: always, That in case the said serjeant at arms for the time being

r: 2 shall have or employ any deputy, he shall make an allowance to

v; i!5 such deputy, at the rate of not less than three hundred pounds

Uw ftr ormunty out of the said sum of two thousand three hundred

pounds; but if he shall not have or employ any such deputy, he

>r?: shall account to the said of for the said sum of three

hundred pounds per annum, or such part thereof as shall not have r.V5; i been paid to such deputy in any one year.

r,: 3, V. And be it further enacted, That the said of A plan of the.: .-, j shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to prepare ma°n.cr

and lay before the house of commons, within the first twenty ^S/ueof the fitting days after the expiration of the said letters patent, and so money re-M j, within twenty fitting days after the commencement of every ceived by the ;: s, subsequent session of parliament, a plan of the manner in which commission-the residue (if any, or so much thereof as to them shall seem fuf- l0f

ficient for the purposes herein after mentioned) of the monies so fuckofficers to be by them received, or which it shall appear to them, from as appear to y'j an average of the three preceding years, will probably be re- J!etlu*rc^ceived by them, shall be applied and disposed of towards making

a more certain and regular provision for the support of such oU parliament, ficers in the departments of the speaker of the house of commons, v 'u{ and of the clerk of the said house, and serjeant at arms, as may: '€a from cafual circumstances appear to require the same, and for affording relief to such persons belonging to, or who may have belonged to the said departments, and who may have been disabled by age or infirmity from the discharge of their respective duties, which said plan shall be binding and conclusive w, on the said of, and they are hereby authorised and directed to carry the same into effect, unless the said house, within twenty sitting days after the said plan shall have been so laid
---
802 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 93. [1800.

before them, shall have otherwise ordered and directed; and then and in such case, with such variations as shall have been so made therein, and so from time to time as often as such plan shall as above required be laid before the house.
---
[An account

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said commissionat; ^received'and^ PrePare and laY before the house of commons, within twenty, " disbursed un- filing days after the commencement of every session of parlia-

der this act, ment, an account of the monies so received by them, by virtue 2c

to be laid be- of this and Gf the manner in which the same shall have been^commons aPP^e^ aj)d disposed of $ and that in case it shall appear from the^annually, who laid account that there is in the hands of the said commissionen h may direct the a surplus remaining, after carrying into effect the plan or order* I^application of herein-before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the said I the balance. ]louse to direct such a disposition to be made thereof, as to them f P« shall appear most proper towards providing, in case the house I C(

shall see fit, a remuneration for the person or persons by whom, A

the duties of chairman of the committee of ways and means shall |^have been discharged during the then session of parliament, and \ ff for the better supporr of persons belonging to any of the depart- c

ments herein-before mentioned, those persons belonging thereto fi

excepted, whose salaries may have been or may be fixed by the ti

authority of parliament, and so in such case, from time to time, |^in every subsequent session of parliament, as circumstances shall: tl

admit of and require. f

On expiration

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing 5 <1 of either of herein contained shall be taken or conllrued to prevent the taid the recited of, upon the expiration either of the said letters

the commit Patent granted to the said John Haifell and John Ley esquires, or y

sioners may of the said letters patent granted to the said Edward Cderm carry this act esquire, whichever may first happen, from carrying the purposes tioue&cCU* act into execution, as far as the nature of the respectirc

w> c*

---

cases will admit; and that thereupon, all fees, perquisites, and emoluments which would have been due and payable to such of the said officers, whose patents or patent shall have so expired, shall be paid into the hands of the said of in the manner herein-before directed.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for regulating Trials for High Treason and Misprision of High Treason, in certain Cases.

[July 28, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that in cases of High Treason in compassing or imagining the Death of the King, and of Misprision of such Treason, where the Overt Act or Overt Acts of such Treason alleged in the Indictment shall be the Assassination or killing of the King, or any direct Attempt against his Life, or any direct Attempt against his Person, whereby his Life may be endangered, or his Person may suffer bodily Harm, the Trial for such Offence should not be different from Trials for Murder or wilful and malicious Shooting; Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 94. 803

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[In cases of high treason, where the overt act alledged in the indictment shall be assassination of the King, or any direct attempt against his life, &c. the offender shall be tried in the same manner as if charged with murder, &c.]

That in all cases of High Treason in compassing or imagining the Death of the King, and of Misprision of such Treason, where the Overt Act or Overt Acts of such Treason which shall be alleged in the Indictment for such Offence shall be Assassination or killing of the King, or any direct Attempt against his Life, or any direct Attempt against his Person whereby his Life may be endangered or his Person may suffer bodily Harm, the person or persons charged with such Offence shall and may be indicted, arraigned, tried and attainted, in the same manner and according to the same course and order of Trial, in every respect, and upon the like Evidence, as if such person or persons stood charged with Murder; and none of the Provisions contained in the several Acts of the seventh Year of King William the Third and the seventh Year of Queen Anne respectively, touching Trials in cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason respectively, shall extend to any Indictment for High Treason in compassing and imagining the Death of the King or for Misprision of such Treason, where the Overt Act or Overt Acts of such Treason alleged in the Indictment shall be such as aforesaid; but upon Conviction on such Indictment, Judgement shall be nevertheless given and Execution done as in other cases of High Treason; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for the safe custody of insane persons charged with offences.

[July 28, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS persons charged with high treason, murder, or felony, may have been or may be of unsound mind at the time of committing the offence wherewith they may have been or shall be charged, and by reason of such insanity may have been or may be found not guilty of such offence, and it may be dangerous to permit persons so acquitted to go at large: be it therefore enacted, by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

---

[The jury, in

That in all cases where it shall be given iri evidence upon the j^rfon charg. trial of any person charged with treason, murder, or felony, that ed with trea-such person was insane at the time of the commission of such son, &c. prov- offence, and such person shall be acquitted, the jury shall be required to find specially whether such person was insane at the whether

time of the commission of such offence, and to declare whether hewasacquit-

such person was acquitted by them on account of such infinity; ted by them and if they shall find that such person was insane at the time of 'J* the committing such offence, the court before whom such trial ibe^court^all

; V shall be had, shall order such person to be kept in Arid custody, order him to

in such place and in such manner as to the court shall seem fit, be kept in cuff until his Majesty's pleasure shall be known; and it shall tlrcre- ^7 his

upon be lawful for his Majesty to give such order for the safe ^cisure be, J v FFFJ. custody known,c.

804 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 94. [1800.

custody of such person, during his pleasure, in such place and in such manner as to his Majesty shall seem (it; and in al) cases where any person, before the passing of this act, has been acquitted of any such offences on the ground of infinity at the time of the commission thereof, and has been detained in cut tody as a dangerous person by order of the court before whom such person has been tried, and still remains in custody, it shall be lawful for his Majesty toive the like order for the fate custody of such person, during h; pleasure, as his Majesty is hereby enabled to give in the cases of persons who shall hereafter be acquitted on the ground of insanity.

And be it further enacted, That if any person indicted ol^ce^nd^or anT °Pnce he insane, and shall upon arraignment be upon arraign-found so to be by a jury lawfully impannelled for that purpose, meat found to so that such person cannot be tried upon such indictment, or if be insane, or Upon the trial of any person so indicted such person shall appear they*shalllbe to 3ury c^ar?e<* such indictment to be insane, it shall be so found, See* lawful for the court before whom any such person shall be the court shall brought to be arraigned or tried as aforesaid, to direct such find, order them to ing to be recorded, and thereupon to order such person to be custody till kepi in custody until his Majesty's pleasure shall be known; - and if any person charged with any offence shall be brought before any court to be discharged for want of prosecution, and such person shall appear to be inhme, it shall be lawful for such court to order a jury to be impannelled to try the sanity of such person; and if the jury so impannelled shall nnd such person to be insane, it shall be lawful for such court to order such person to be kept in Arid custody, in such place and in such manner as to such court shall seem fit, until his Majesty's pleasure shall be known; and in all cases of insanity so found, it shall he lawful for his Majesty to give such order for the safe custody of such person so found to be insane, during his pleasure, in such place and in such manner as to his Majesty shall seem fir.

Ill, And\ for the better prevention of crimes being comitld Personsj»m- ty persons infancy be it further enacted, That if any person - " be discovered and

his Majesty's pleasure be known.

pitted by any q^II

pept oy two justices, fee.

1 180

Mo'}

M

Ma

to i

infa

tea

Mi

tar

fuc

'usticeonac' "1<MI and apprehended under circumstances that

count of being <knotc a derangement of mind, and a purpose of committing dangerous and some crime, for which, if committed, such person would be infom shall not liable to be indicted, and any of his Majesty's justices of the be bailed ex- p^acc before, whom such person may be brought shall think fit to issue a warrant for committing him or her as a dangerous person Aftpedked to be inlane, such cause of commitment being plainly expressed in the warranr, the person so committed shall Itot be bailed except by two justices of the peace, one whereof shall be the justice who has issued such warranr, or by the court of general quarter sessions> or by one of the judges of his Majesty's courts in Westminster Hally or^ by the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or of of the great seal.

{V. And whereas infant persons havty at different tirnts, enjea* vourtd to gain admittance to his Majesty's prefencty by intrujhm tn his Majestfs palaces and places of repdence and otherwif, and his Majesty's

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 94.

Majesty $ person moy be endangered by reason of the insanity of such persons: be it therefore enacted, That if any person who shall appear to be insane shall endeavour to gain admittance to his Majesty's presence, by intrusion on any Of his Majesty's palaces or places of residence, or other wise, so that there may be reason to apprehend that his Majesty's person may be endangered, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's privy council, or one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, to cause such person to be brought before them or him; and if upon examination it shall appear that there is reason to apprehend such person to be ittfane, and that the person of his Majesty may be endangered by reason of the insanity of such person, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's privy council, or one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, to order such person to be kept in safe custody in such place, and in such manner, as according to circumstances shall be ascertained; and for such purpose, it shall be lawful for the 4ord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain, to award a commission under the said great seal, directed to certain of to be therein named, tP enquire into the fanrty of such person, and whether the person of his Majesty may be endangered by reason of the insanity of such person, and for such purpose, to diretft the sheriff of the county where such person shall be, to summon a jury to try the sanity of such person, and whether his Majesty's person may be endangered by reason of the insanity of such person, in the same manner as juries are summoned to try the fenity of persons on a commission in the nature of a writ de ktnatico inquirendo; and if upon the inquisition so taken it shall be found that such person is so far insane that the person of his Majesty may be endangered by reason of the insanity of such person, it shall be lawful for the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal for the time being, to take order for the safe custody of such person so long as there shall be reason to apprehend that the person of his Majesty may be endangered by reason of the insanity of such person; and if it shall afterwards appear that such person shall have recovered the use of his or her reason, so that there shall be no longer any reason to apprehend any danger to his Majesty's person from the insanity of such person, it shall be lawful for the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal for the time being, to enquire into the fa6t by such means as to him or them shall teem proper; and if it shall appear to his or their satisfaction, that such person has so far recovered the use of his or her reason, that there is no ground for apprehending any danger to his Majesty's person from the insanity of such person, it mall be lawful for the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, and, lords of respectively, to direct such person to be discharged from custody, either absolutely or conditionally) or under restrictioas, as tp him or them shall seem meet.

805

The privy council or one of the secretaries of Hate may cause persons appearing to be insane and endeavouring to gain admittance to his Majesty to be kept in custody till the inanity of such persons be enquired into in the manner herein directed, &c.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 95.

[1800, tS

CAP. XCV.

An act to indemnify all per fins who have printed, published, or if ! j perfect, or who shall publish or dispersiany papers printed under ! the authority of the of or head officers cf on) pM boards, from all penalties incurred by reason of the name-endflm of abode of the printer cf such papers not being printed therein

[July 28, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS in an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of tk

39 Geo. 3. reign of kis present Majesty, intituled An act for die more^c< c. 79» effectual suppression of societies established for and tra-, f{

for.able purposes, and for the better preventing r.eulbnahie and f t

seditious practices; certain provisions are cental 'd to njlraintk t

printing or publishing of any papers or books whatsoever, which jboud 1 j

be meant or intended to be published or dispersed without the mu aid',

place of abode of the printer thereof being printed thereon, with a ur- ] ,

tain penalty on the per fin printing, publishing, or disterfai, er, affi/ling in pub Ujinn g or dispersing the same, contrary to the fad aft: ] ,

and whereas divers papers printed by order or under the authority if the of of kis Majestfs cu/loms, the comnujfmers of wifi, I the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and the commijjwn m'head officers of divers other publick offices and boards, have* threap inadvertency and mistake, and on the suppofuion that such papers, were not within the provisions of the said at1, been printed uiihost { the name and place of abode of the printer thereof ban % priatd thereon, as required by the said a Si: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of haverinted l°rc^ Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present any papers parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That under the au-every person who shall, before the passing of this act, bav? thority of printed any paper whatsoever, by order or under the authority of^Hck11^8 anX such coma)*oners or head officers as aforesaid, orlhai! boards, or have published or dispersed, or assisted in publishingor dtfperfine, who have pub- or shall hereafter publifti or disperse, or assist in publ idling or dii-liffied them, or, personsg any paper whatsoever that shall have been printed before the publish a^y f P3^? of l^]S act> ty orc^er or under the authority of any such paper so print* of or head officers as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby, ed before the declared to be freed and discharged of and from all suits, infer* mations, prosecutions, judgements, fines, and penalties what-indemnified Soever, commenced, prosecuted, adjudged, or incurred, or which from any pe- may be commenced, prosecuted, adjudged, or incurred, for cr mlties incur* by reason of any offence alledged to have been committed agairi red by reason the recited act, by occasion of such printing, publishing, or ag^nft°he re- dispersing, or of assisting in publishing or dispersing any such cited ach paper as aforesaid, as fully, freely, and effectually, as if the kmc had been printed according to the provisions of the said act.

1800.] Anno regni guadragesimo Georgii III. c. 96, 97. 8oj

CAP. XCVI.

An act for explaining and amending so much of an act, pap d in the present f'ssion of parliament, relating to the duties on income, as rfpefts the delivery of the fat emeriti to the commercial commissioners of London, under the amount of twenty pounds.

[July 28, l8co.]

- u

WHEREAS by an act passed in the present f'ffion of parLa* Preamble, merit, intituled An act for the better ascertaining and C. 49. collecting the duties granted by several acts passed in the last session of parliament relating to the duties on income, and to explain and amend the said o.Hs, the commercial of for the city of London and its vicinity are re/irained from afjjfing per-forts whose contribution, in respect of income arising from trade or manufacture, fall not amount to the sum of twenty pounds: and whereas it is expedient to allow persons whose contributions in the preceding year shall have amounted to twenty pounds to be afeffed by the said of, although the contribution returned in the statement delivered or to be delivered by them respectively for the succeeding year may not amount to that sum: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the 3dvice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That An? Person. any person carrying on trade or manufacture within the district trade^whose* of the said of, or any number of persons carrying statement of on trade or manufacture there in partnership together, whole income deli-contribution in respect of income arising from such trade or ma- vered in any nufacture, whether separate or joint, returned in the stateraent P^et<Jnt^c delivered in by him, her, or them in any preceding year to the said commercial of, shall have amounted to the said sum of twenty commissionerg pounds or upwards, shall be entitled to be assessed in every subsequent year by the said of, although in such an*OUntgd to

subsequent year the contribution of any such person or persons, 40l. or up-

whether separate or joint, as arising from such partnership, wards, shall returned in his, her, or their ttatement, may not amount to the said sum of twenty pounds; any thing contained in the said re- t^e y cited aft, or any other act relating to the said duties on income, though in any to the contrary notwithstanding*; subsequent

year it may

'not amount to

CAP. XCVII. that sum.

An act to incorporate certain persons by the name of The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread, for a limited time.

[July 28, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the estabUfoment of a manufactory for four, meal.

and bread\ in London, or its neighbourhood, would be of con side cable benefit and utility, and would greatly tend to injure to the metropolis, and its neighbourhood^ a more regular supply of four,

meal)

8o8

Subscribers

incorporated.

Their Ryle and powers.

Company may

raise iao, ooool. to be divided into 4800 ihares, which shall be deemed personal fftate.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 97.

[1800. i3c

meal, and bread at reasonable prices: and whereas such manufathrj I hui cannot be advantageously ejlabtished and carried on, unless a mhier- (to

able joint stock is raised for that purpose 5 and whereas the jturi ft-persons herein after named, and very many other persons, have aktoif cot agreed to become subscribers thereto: and whereas it is expedient, fir j fivi the more easily carrying on the said manufactory, that the /aidfevtrd \ eft; persons, and such others as shall hereafter become subscribers thirds, 'eft; should be incorporated: may it therefore please your Majesty that coi it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excel*.ref lent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords \ ifo spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament.t assembled, and by the authority of the same, That fir Ricberd

Neave, sir John Calf fir Robert Preston, fir Frederick Eden, (h

baronets, John HatJelL, WiU'tam Devanes, Robert Biddulph, John o\

Julius Angerjlein, John Frere, Thomas William Coke, John cone, 1 p

Samuel Bosanquet, Magens Dorrien Magtns, Edward Forjhr, fr

George Hibbert % Job Mathew, Brook Watson, William Rohinfn, g

William Mackintosh, Thomas Boddington, Thomas King, esquires, 0 and Robert Sherson doctor of physick, and every other person f( and persons who shall hereafter either in their own right, as a original subscribers to the same, or as executors, administrators, c

successors, or assigns, in right of any such original fizbferiberor f

subscribers, become proprietors of or interested in any part or [

share of the joint capital stock or fund herein after mentioned, j

shall be one distinct and separate body politick and corporate, in j

deed and in name, by the naftne and style of The London Cm- t

party for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread, and that by f

the same name they shall have succession, and a common Seal, t

and that they and their successors may from time to time break, \

alter, make new, or change such common seal, as shall be found expedient; and tRat such corporation shall be able and capable in'law to have, purchase, receive, take, and enjoy lands, (

tenements, and hereditaments, of what kind, nature, or quality

soever, not exceeding the annual value of two thousand pounds,

above all charges and reprizes, for the use of the fiud manufac- j

tory, without licence to hold or enjoy the same in mortmain,

and that such corporation may grant, fell, demise, alien, or (

dispose of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part,

thereof, at their free will and pleasure; and in their corporate t ( name shall and may sue and implead, and be sued and impleacted,

answer and be answered, in all or any courts of record, and j

places of judicature within this kingdom, in all causes and,

actions whatsoever, for, touching, or concerning the said j

corporation, or the manufactory to be by them carried on as aforesaid. J

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for tie several persons herein-before named, and for such other persons as shall be willing and desirous to join with them in forming the j

said company, to raise and contribute among themselves a capi- f

tal or joint stock, to be applied and used in establishing and carrying on the said manufactory, not exceeding the sum of one

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 97. 809

hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and such capital or joint stock shall be divided into four thousand eight hundred parrs or shares, or such part of such capital or joint stock, as shall be contributed as aforesaid, shall be divided into shares of twenty-five pounds each; and all such shares shall be deemed personal estate, and be transmissible as such, and nor of the nature of real estate; and that the said shares shall be, and they are hereby accordingly vested in the several subscribers thereto, and their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, to and for their own respective use and benefit, proportionably to the sums they shall respectively subscribe and pay thereunto: provided always, That no proprietor or joint proprietors of any such No proprietor share as aforesaid shall have or hold, either in his, her, or their prie?ora to°" own name or names, or in the name or names of any other more person or persons to or for his or her use or benefit, more than than4o(bare8| forty such shares; and every alignment of any such share orand, Per^? shares to any person or persons who shall already be the holder f/^cTof or holders of forty such shares, or to any other person or persons d0 notdispose for his or their use or benefit, shall be. absolutely void: provided of the same, also, That when by reason of any partnership, death, marriage, the Or otherwise, any such proprietor or joint proprietors as aforesaid, shall be possessed of or entitled to more than forty such auction.

shares, and shall Hot absolutely assign or dispose of the same within six calendar months after becoming so possessed or entitled as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the managers of the said company, and they are hereby required, to fell all such shares exceeding forty, by publick auction, and to receive the produce of such tale, which shall be paid to the person or persons who shall have become entitled to the said shares as aforesaid.

III. And) to the intent that all matters and things touching the concerns of the said company may be managed and conduced in the

nioji beneficial manner, be it further enacted, That all and every Proprietors to person or persons who shall by virtue of this act have subscribed have va^e9 for, or shall become entitled to, and be in the actual possession ^rSSTmim-of four or more shares in the said undertaking, shall have a vote her of shares, or votes in respect of such shares in the general and special meetings of the said company, to be held as herein after directed, for carrying on the said undertaking, or relative thereto, in proportion to the number of shares following $ that is to say. For four shares and less than ten shares one vote; for ten shares and less than twenty shares two votes; for twenty shares and less than forty shares three votes; and for forty shares four votes; but no person shall be entitled to give any vote who shall not be possessed of four shares.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all elections of officers. All mattersto and every other question, matter, or thing whatsoever, which he determined shall be proposed, difeufled, or considered at any meeting of the votes^chair-(aid company to be held in pursuance of this shall be finally man to have determined by the majority of votes then prefenu and in case of thecafting

an vote,

The joint proprietor whose name shall /land firO in the hooks of the company shall be entitled to vote. No person to vote on any matter in which he is interested.

A general meeting to be held, at which i a managers shallbechol'cn, to continue in office years, and then one third to quit by ballot

no person, so quitting, to be eligible again till a year afterwards.

An annual general meeting to be held, who may adjourn themselves, and shall elect managers, &c.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 97. [1800.

an equal division, the chairman for the time being shall have the carting vote.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever two or more i persons shall be jointly possessed of four or more shares in the [ capital or joint stock of the said company, they shall be entitled; to give their vote or votes in respect thereof by the person whose name shall stand first: in the books of the said company as joint'proprietor of such shares.

VI. Provided always, That no person or persons shall vote at any of the meetings of the said company, or of the said managers, to be held pursuant to this act, upon any question relating to the concerns of the said company, in which such person or persons shall he in any manner interested, otherwise than as a proprietor of the said undertaking.

VII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be a general meeting of the said company within one month after the passing of this act, of which meeting eight days previous notice shall be given in the London Gazette^ dnd in one or more of the publick London newspapers; and at such meeting one of the proprietors present shall be appointed chairman; and in case two or mare persons shall be proposed to fill that office, and shall have an equal number of votes, then the persons so proposed shall draw lots for the same 5 and that after the appointment of a chairman, such meeting shall proceed to the eledfion of twelve persons, respectively proprietors of twenty shares in the said undertaking, to be managers for condusting, managing, and ordering the affairs and business of the said company, according

io the powers and regulations herein contained, and subject to such orders and directions, confident therewith, as shall be preferred to then* by such general meeting as aforesaid, or by any otfier meeting of the said company to be held in pursuance of this act; and such managers shall continue in their said offices for four years after the passing of this act, and at the expiration of the said four years one-third of the said managers, to be determined among themselves by bailot, shall quit the said office; and no person quitting the office of manager by such rotation as aforesaid, shall be eligible into the said office, until the expiration of one whole year from the time of his retiring therefrom.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be a general meeting of the said company some time in the months of 1 April or May in every year of which meeting eight days notice

at lead shall be given by advertisement in the London Gazittii and in one or more of the London newspapers, or in such other manner as any preceding general meeting shall in that behalf direct; and that at all such general meetings one of the managers of the company, to be elected as aforesaid, for the time being shall be the chairman; and all such meetings shall have power to adjourn themselves from time to time, and from place to place, as they shall think expedient; and such general meetings shall elect persons qualified as aforesaid to replace the managers who shall quit the said office by such rotation as afcre-

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 97. Sir

said, and to supply any vacancies which shall have arlfen by death, resignation, or otherwise, and shall do, transacff, super-intend, or controul all other the affairs and concerns of the said company.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time it shall Special meet-appear to any meeting of the managers for the time being, hereby hies may be authorised to proceed to business, or to any nine or more of the and other proprietors, who shall together be holders of two hundred

shares at the Jeaff, to be necessary or expedient to call a special meeting of the proprietors at large, for the purpose of taking their opinion and determination upon any matter or thing relating to the said company, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such meeting of the managers, of their own authority, or at the requifuion in writing, to be signed by such nine or more other proprietors, being holders of at icaft two hundred shares, and which requisition shall specify the object of such meeting, and in case any meeting of managers shall refuse or neglect for the fp3ce of fourteen days to comply with such requisition, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the proprietors who shall have signed the same, to call a special meeting of the proprietors at large, by advertisement in the London Gaztttt, and in one or more of the London newspapers, specifying the place where and the time when such meeting is to be held, the time not being less than fourteen days after such notice, and the place somewhere in London or Westminster, and likewise specifying in such notice the reason for, and intention of calling such special meeting; and the proprietors are hereby authorised to meet pursuant to such notice, and take into consideration the matter or matters to be submitted to them by the persons calling such special meeting, and specified in such notice; and the deciflon and determination of the proprietors present at such meeting, or the major part of them, according to the number of votes they shall have a right to give respecting such matter or matters, shall be as valid, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been made at a general meeting of the said company, held in the manner herein-before appointed.

X. And be it further enacted, That any three or more of the said managers, but not less, shall be a futneient number to con- fordtitutea stitute a meeting, for the purpose of executing all such powers meeting, and authorities as the whole of the managers might have exe- All matters to cuted if assembled together; and that one of the managers shall be deter ini ned in the first place be elected chairman; and that all questions, by the majo-matters, and things, which shall be proposed, difeufled, or con- nt^' fidered by them, shall be decided and determined by the majority in number of the managers then present; and in case of an equal vote. ° division, the chairman shall have the casting vote: provided ^tjlfCC always. That if on the day appointed for any meeting of the said not attend, managers there shall not attend three or more of them, that then the meeting and in every such case the meeting shall be adjourned to that shall be ad-day seven-night by the members or member then present, or if^tday*0

none, seven-night.

Biz Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 97. [1800.

none, by the principal or chief clerk to the said company, or ft* such other person as shall attend in his place..P*J

Poweri of the

XI. And be it further enacted, That the managers of the I arfo managers. said company so to be chosen as aforesaid, shall from time to j pui time have full power and authority to dire# and manage all and cal Angular the affairs and business of the said company, as well in, w

contracting for and purchasing lands and materials for the use of 1 in

the said undertaking, as in the ordering, directing, and employ*'E

ing the works and workmen, and in placing and displaeing to)

officers, clerks, agents, and servants, and in making ail con- do

Treasurer trafls and bargains touching or in anywise concerning the hid of

nottoiflue undertaking: provided always, That the treasurer orrreafqrers thi

money, with. Of fai(j company shall not jjfue any sum or sums of money on inj order by the ac^ount of the said company, without an order signedbythe in chairman and chairman and one other at least of the managers present at same th one manager, such meeting. ac

General meet-

XII. And be it further enacted, That every meeting of the pr ings may re- fa}d proprietors shall have full power and authority to remove or m gCTifa'nd*14" any person chosen to be such manager as aforesaid, and fa

make bye lo e*e<^ others, qualified as aforesaid, to be managers in the fa

law«. room of those who shall be so removed or displaced, and of 0

those who may happen to die; and shall also have full power i n and authority to make such rules, orders, bye laws, and rcgti- f;

lations, for the good government of the said company, and for g the well and orderly carrying on the said undertaking, and from

time to time to alter or repeal such rules, orders, bye laws, and f(

regulations, or any of them, and to make others, and to enforce \n

the observance of the same by such means as they lha! fee fit; v

which rules, orders, bye laws, and regulations, being reduced t

into writing under the common seal of the said company, and a

afterwards printed and put up in some conspicuous part or parts 1 of the said manufactory, shall be binding upon, and be observed j

by all parties, and shall be sufficient, in any court of law or

equity, to justify all persons who shall act under the same, pro- r

vsded they be not repugnant to the laws of this realm, or any of 1

the express directions of this act.

General

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every such general (

meeting, or meeting as aforesaid, or the managers of the said company, shall (

have full power and authority from time to time to make such j f

for C ca^ or calls for money from the several proprietors of the said 1 {

money. undertaking, to establish and carry on the same, as they shall; from time to time find wanting and necessary for those purposes, i j

so that no fuel) call do exceed the sum of five pounds for or in j respect of any one share of twenty* five pounds, and so that no 1 (

such calls be made but at the distance of three calendar months at least from each other; which money so to be called for shall be paid into the hands of the treasurers to the said company, to r

be issued, paid, and applied as the managers respectively shall { from time to time appoint and direct, for the use of the said undertaking. c

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every proprietor of any

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 97. 815

share or shares in the said undertaking shall from time to time Proprietors pay his or her proportion of the money so to be called for as na^caUslor aforesaid, at such time and place as shall be appointed for that months, purpose by the meeting of proprietors or managers making such to forfeit call, of which one calendar months notice at least shall be given their iharea. in some daily newspaper or newspapers published in London, or in such other manner as the said company of proprietors shall sit any meeting diredfc and appoint in that behalf; and in case any such person shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her proportion of the money so to be called for as aforesaid, for the space of three calendar months after the time appointed for payment thereof as aforesaid, then and in such case the person so neglecting or refusing shall absolutely forfeit all his or her share, part, and interest in the said undertaking, and all profit and advantage thereof, and all money theretofore advanced by him or her on account thereof, to and for the use and benefit of the other proprietors of the said undertaking; and all shares which shall or may be so forfeited shall or may be sold at a publick sale by the said managers, for the most money that can be gotten for the same, and the produce thereof shall go to and make part of the capital or joint stock of the said company: provided always, That No advantage no advantage shall be taken of such forfeiture of any share in the^fc^ern said undertaking as aforesaid, until after personal notice shall befelture un^| given by the treasurer or clerk to the said company of proprietors after per: orral to the owner thereof, nor unless the same shall be declared to be notice to the forfeited at the first meeting of the said company of proprietors u^efede°r which shall be held next after such forfeiture shall happen: pro- Glared to be vided also, That every such forfeiture, after the same shall be forfeited at taken advantage of by the rest of the said company of proprietors the next meet-as aforesaid, shall be an absolute indemnification and discharge in£fter- to and for the proprietors so forfeiting against all actions, suits, war s' and prosecutions for any breach of contract or other agreement between such proprietor and the rest of the said company, with regard to the future carrying on and management of the said undertaking.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if a proprietor of any Executors, {hare or shares in the said undertaking shall die before payment ^T'amay pa* shall have been made by him or her of the full sum to be called caUa#

for in respect thereof as aforesaid, without having made any sufficient provision by will or otherwise how such share or shares shall be disposed of, and how the future calls in respect thereof shall be answered, then and in such case the executors or administrators of such proprietor, and the trustee or trustees, guardian or guardians of any infant, or other person entitled to the estate and effects of such proprietor, shall be indemnified against such infant, and all other persons whomsoever, for paying any money which shall be called for as aforesaid, in respect of the share or shares of such deceased proprietor.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, no* Not more than dividend or dividends or the profits of the said undertaking shall be^ade^V be made or taken by the said proprietors exceeding in the whole thC proprie-

ten tort.

p, irH orient shall direct.

Managers

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 97. [j8oOi

ten pounds per centum per annum on the amount of the (urns which shall have been contributed for raising the capital cr joint Surplus to be (lock of the said company, hereby authorised to be raised j and applied as in case any profits (had be made by means of the said manufacture beyond the amount of ten pounds per centum per annum oq the said capital or joint stock, the same shall be applied to such purposes and in such manner as parliament shall direct.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the

before*?* rlrA? managers of the said company shall yearly, within ten days after ment certain the tw enty-fifth day of March, if parliament shall be then fitting, accounts. or as loon after as parliament shall fit, Jay or cause to be laid before each house of parliament a true account of the receipt and application of all monies received and applied by the said company, and of the quantities of wheat or other grain bought <m each day when purchases shall have been made, and the prices paid for the same, shewing also the quantities in store, both of grain and of flour and mc-1, on the first day of each month throughout the year, ending the thirty-hrll day of December preceding; and nlfo the quantities of fluur and bread manufactured by the said company in each month within the said preceding year, and of the debts and credits of the said company on the said thirty-first day of December preceding, and the names of the members of the said company, and the number of shares held by each.

The company

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fur ^"g^the said company to manufacture and fell in every year, corn-certain quan- mencing from the frrfl day of January, any quantity of flour or tity of flour meal not exceeding one hundred and twenty thousand lacks of or meal year- two hundred and eighty pounds weight avoirdupois each; and tairfauanthy" lt)c for them to make weekly, any quantity of flour

or meal into bread, not exceeding two hundred lacks of the like weight, and to feil the same: provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the said company, by them reives or their agents, to fell any quantity or quantities of wheat, exceeding in the whole the quantity of one thousand quarters in any one week.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful

tain quantity of bread weekly*

The company

finer than^or company to make for sale, any bread of a finer qua«

standard wheaten bread,

37 Geo. 3. c. 98.

lity than the bread usually called Standard Whcatcn Bread, or bread made of the whole meal with the bran and pollards only taken ^out.

XX. And whereas, by an act of parliament, passed in the thirty* sevenih year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, c An act for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof, and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, so far as the same relates to the assize and making of bread to be sold in the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchangethe court of mayor and aldermen of London are empowered to set the assize of bread in

London,

18:

Lon

'A':

1

i: ki'if (a,

if (ii

tdh

fifi

and

A

fe

proi of t Vfht

and

nw

errs;

UfX

whi

mil

fan

lc ft

the

1

con

or

fCii

ad or or hr if I

Pi

flci.

per

his

Pi

for

m? i:;

rec'flo Par the

the

the 1 to 1 1

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 92*, 8i-j;

r..;, London, and within the bills of mortality, on every Tuesday: and

: whereas, in the tables of assize forming a part of the said act, there'is no provision or direction with respect to the price of standard wheaten -- bread: and whereas there is no other provision or direction in any table "of assize respecting the price ofjlandard wheaten bread, than a certain ...- table of assize contained in an act passed in the thirteenth year of hit

*present Majesty, intituled An act for better regulating the assize 13 Geo. 3.

g and making of bread: and whereas, the bakers of London, andc*6 % \

t within the bills of mortality, are unable to manufacture and fell

: standard wheaten bread, by reason of the said act last mentioned not.making a. due allowance to the baker; and the said assize table net

:? beingJuited to the present price of flour: be it enacted, That all the Provisions of

provisions, regulations, and directions contained in the said act 37 Geo. 3. r) of the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty, concerning^ten* wheaten bread and household bread, shall extend to the making and household t and felling of standard wheaten bread; and the said court of bread, shall mayor and aldermen shall be empowered, and they are hereby.empowered to fix an assize or price of standard wheaten bread, beaten upon such principles as they now fix the assize or price of bread, and ., wheaten and household bread, and that they shall be enabled to the assize r make a due allowance to the bakers for making and felling the upon the Ut-. j same, according to their opinion of what ought fairly to be al- ^p^the same, j lowed them for their trouble and expence in making and felling principles as the said standard wheaten bread. the former.

p XXI. And be it further enacted, That no manager of the said No manager company, or officer or servant employed in the said manufactory, officer or in any business relating thereto, shall, during the time of his ^aler^in35

remaining such manager, or being employed as aforesaid, aeft as wheat, See. on a dealer in wheat or other grain, or flour or meal, or as a fit£tor penalty of L r. or agent in the buying or (elling thereof, or shall buy any wheat 4°8. perquar-or other grain, flour, or meal, for the purpose of felling the ter* same for profit or gain, or make for sale, or fell any bread; and if any such manager or officer, or other person aforesaid, shall,

during such time as aforesaid, act as a deader in wheat or other grain, or flour or meal, or buy or fell any W'heat or other grain, flour, or meal, as a factor or agent, for any other person or; \t persons, or buy any wheat or other grain, or flour or meal, on his own account, for the purpose of felling the same for profit or: gain, or make for sale, or fell any bread, he or she shall forfeit*

>'*/ for every quarter of wheat or other grain, or sack of flour or meal, so bought or sold, and for every sack of flour or meal so made into bread as aforesaid, the sum of forty shillings, to be recovered with costs of suit, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein'noeffoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one ini-parlance shall be allowed, and to be applied, one half thereof to the poor of the parish where such offence was committed, and'

: the other half to the person or persons who shall sue for the same.

T XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Shares maw he the several proprietors of the said undertaking, or any of them, to fell and transfer any share or {hares which they shall respectVol. XLII. Geo lively

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 97. lively be entitled to therein, and every such transfer shall beta the form or to the efic£t following; (videlicet).

1! up

form.

C T agn anc* transfer to [ti* mh\ ,

X his executors, administrators, and assigns, all those oj ' shares in the capital or joint (lock of the Lonbn coo* 1 pany for the tnannfaduFC of flour, meal, and bread, tod all mj 1 right and interest therein. Witness my hand this day of

to vote.

If ito, ooooU flsall not be sufficient

Transfer to And every such transfer shall be registered in the boob of the ^thTbooto company, and a copy of such register, signed by their derk of the com- or olhcr officer duly authori fed thereto, wall be sufficient eri-pany, or the dence of every such sale and transfer: provided always, Tte parchafen until such transfer shall be so registered in the books of the fai ^kledtoanv as aforesaid, no purchaser or purchasers of any (hart

dividends, oc or Atares in the said company shall have any part or share of the profits of the said undertaking, nor any interest or dividend paid to him, her, or them for or in respect of such share or shares lb purchased, nor be entitled to vote as a proprietor or proprietor* of the said undertaking.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said sum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds herein-before authorisai to ^ooooJ?more^shall be found insufficient for the carrying on, or corn-may be ratfed. pleting and maintaining of the said undertaking, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said company, after a refold- tioft for that purpose shall have been passed at any general or special meeting of the said company, to raise for the purpose aforesaid any further sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of thirty thousand pounds, and that such further sum or sums may be raised by further subscriptions to the amowi of the said thirty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, untie and subject to such and the same rules, orders, and regulation as in and by this act are mentioned, expressed, declared, & contained with respect to the said one hundred and twenty thor sand pounds, as fully and eftedtuafly, to all intents and purpefc as if such blither sum or ferns hereby allowed to be raised & originally constituted part of the said one hundred and two? thousand pounds; and the subscribers of such further fumor (ums shall be members of the said company, and entidtd e>(he same advantages and privileges, and subject to the samewbyi orders, and regulations as are hereby given and provided io ft*:; spe&of the subscribers to the said one hundred and twenty thoiK sand pounds. }

Tfceaddl-

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tki twaalfum fa company shall be desirous of raising the said addition1 sum of thirty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by monpft

Of faOftd* " UamJ i>U a M nn/I rt /* < all 2. /la «II U m I<* I Cu*L« fL' J m.

or bond, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the hid cov pany, pursuant to a resolution to be passed in that behalf it» meeting of the said company, to borrow and take up it fr1 terest tire said sum of thirty thousand pounds, or any part thtri

: j

9

his executors, admini-together with per centum pet Given under our corn-

er

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 97.' 817

upon the credit of the said undertaking, as to them shall feettt meet and convenient\ and the said company of proprietors are hereby accordingly fully authorised and empowered to grant* allign, and make over all their lands, buildings, and appurtenance^ property and, effects, or any part thereof* as a security for the sum or sums of money so to be borrowed, with legal interest, unto the person or persons who shall lend and advance the same, or as he or they shall direct; all which alignments shall be made under the common seal of the said company, and may |^he follow, be according to the form following; (that is to say), iqg

4 T3 Y virtue of an act of parliament made in the fortieth year fonn.

J3 of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the title of the we, the London company for the manufacture

of flour; meal, and bread, incorporated by virtue of the said acfc, in consideration of the sum of to us paid by A.B. of do hereby bargain, fell, and afsigh, unto the said A.B. his executors, admioiftratois, and assigns, all [describe the property to be comprized in the ficurity) and all the estare, right, title, and interest, of us the said company, of, in, to, or out of the same re(pe&ivdy, to hold unto the said A< B, strators, and assigns, until the sum of interest for the same after the rate of annum, shall be fully paid and satisfied. mon seal the day of

And the money so to be borrowed as aforesaid shall be applied "

and disposed of for completing, carrying on, and maintaining the said undertaking, and for carrying the federal powers and authorities hereby given into execution.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That an entry or memorial An entry of of every such assignment or mortgage as aforesaid, containing every affrgiT-the date, names of the parties, and the sum thereby secured, t^-

with the rate of interest to be paid for the same, shall be made or clerk to the entered in a book to be kept for that purpose by the clerk to the company in laid company, and that such book shall and may be perused gratis book which at all seasonable times, by any of the proprietors of the said on- dertaking; and that all and every person and persons to whom by the pro-any such assignment, or mortgage (had be made as aforesaid, or prietors. who shall be entitled to the money thereby secured, shall and Alignments may from time to time a/Agn or transfer, his, her, 1 or their jpy* traQf-right and interest therein onto any person or persons*whom- rrcd* soever, either by indorsement thereon or otherwise, which transfer shall and may be made according to the form following;

( videlicet),

4 T A* S. do hereby transfer the within mortgage Jor, a certain Form of X mortgage made to me by the London company for the mami- transfer, failure of flour, meal, and bread, bearing date the day of ] and the principal sum of thereby

secured} amd the iotcreftnow due and hereafter to grow due for

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 97. [1800.

the same, and all my right and property therein, unto CD. tf his executors, administrators and assigns. Dated this day of

Transfers to be entered.

And every such transfer shall, within twenty-eight days after the date thereof, be produced to the clerk, or one of the clerks to the said company, who shall cause an entry or memorial thereof to the same purport and effect as herein-before directed with rc-spect to the original alignment or mortgage, to be made or entered in the book to be kept for entering such original alignments or mortgages; and that after such entry shall be made, but not before, such transfer shall entitle such assignec or assignees, his, her, or their executors, administrators, and assigns, to the full benefit of the original mortgage.*

Interest of

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That mortgages to the interest of the money which shall be borrowed by mortgage yearly in pre- as aforesaid, shall be paid half-yearly, to the person or persons

fcrence to dividends.

No member

or officer of

or

entitled thereto, in preference to any interest or dividend which shall become due and payable by virtue of this act to the said company of proprietors, or any of them, and shall from time to time be fully paid and discharged, or provided for, before any such interest or dividends due to the said proprietors shall be paid or made; and such interest when due shall and may be sued for and recovered, with costs of fuir, by an action ot debt, or on the case, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wtjlmjltr,

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no person who shall be a member, or a manager or other officer of the said company, disabled^ from ^or c^at cau^e only be disabled from being a member of par-fitting in par. Jiament, or shall, in respect of his share or shares therein, be or foment, or be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt within the intent and

ahb^arefomean*n^ or ^atutes ma(*c or cooccrn'n8

fobletobea ^anlcruP^s*

bankrupt.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any action, suit, Limitation of or information shall be brought against any person or persons for wftions. any thing done by him or them in pursuance of this act, or in the execution of the powers and authorities, or the orders and directions herein-before given or granted, every such action, suit,

or information, shall be brought or commenced within six calendar months next after the fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought* laid, and tried in the county where foe matter in dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the defendant or defendants in all such actions or suits may plead the General issue. general issue, and give tins aft and the special matter in evidence at any trial or trials to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action, suit, or information, shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought or laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if a verdict shall be found for the defendant or defendants or if the plaintiff or

de

ju

8x9

Treble cofbu

His Majesty may ditfolvc the company or suspend their proceedings.

[Publick act.]

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgu III. c. 98.

plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action, Am, or information, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer or other wise judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants in every such case shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovery of the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in other cases by law.

XXIX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, if he fhalLfo think fit, by his order in council, to dissolve the said company, or to suspend all or any of the proceedings of the same; such di/Tolution or suspension being to take effect not sooner than six months from and after the date of such order in council.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act to restrain all tru/is and directions in deeds or wills, whereby the profits or produce of real or personal estate shall be accumulated\ and the beneficial enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the time therein limited.

[July 28, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that all dispofuions of real or personal

estates, whereby the profits and produce thereof are dir efted to ho accumulated, and the beneficial enjoyment thereof is postponed, should be made subject to the restrictions herein after contained: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person or persons shall, after the passing of this act, No person, by by any deed or deeds, surrender or surrenders, will, codicil, or iailftttle otherwise howsoever, settle or dispose of any real or personal pro- or dispose of perty, so and in such manner that the rents, issues, profits, or any real or produce thereof, shall be wholly or partially accumulated for any personal pro-longer term than the life or lives of any such grantor or grantors, ^annerthat settler or settlers, or the term of twenty-one years from the death the rents or of any such grantor, settler, devisor, or testator, or during the produce shall minority or respective minorities of any person or persons who j* accumulate /halJ be living, or in ventre fa mere at the time of the death of than"^ such grantor, devisor, or testator, or during the minority or herein men-respective minorities only of any person or persons who, under tioned, and the uses or trusts of the deed, surrender, will, or other affuran- °*her, ces, directing such accumulations, would, for the time being, if t^yoi^amd of full age, be entitled unto the rents, issues, and profits, or the the rents go interest, dividends, or annual produce, so directed to be accumu- to the persons lated; and in every case where any accumulation shall be directed entitled there-otherwise than as aforesaid, such direction shall be null and void, to* and the rents, issues, profits, and produce of such property so

Bio Anno regni quadrfcgesimo Georg it III. c. 99, [1800.

directed to be accumulated, shall, so long as the same shall be directed to be accumulated contrary to the provision* of this -aft, go to and be received by such person or persons as would hcve been entitled thereto if such accumulation had not been directed.

No*bin"here- jj# Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this

any^proy?iion° a(^ contained shall extend to any provision for payment of debts fdrpaymentofof any grantor, settler, or devisor, or other person or persons, or d^bts or for to ar.y provision For raising portions for any child or children of tfona foPOIh'l Srantor» fetder» or devisor, or any child or children of any d rJIu or ton ch- Pe.r^on taking any interest under any such conveyance, settlement, the pro- or devise, or to any direction touching the produce of timber or wood upon any lands or tenements, but that all such provisiora and directions (halt and maybe made and given as if this act had not passed.

III. Provided a]so, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act

m

duce of'tim*-ber 1

fro-

contained shall extend to any disposition respectinghereuble pi perty within that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the restrictions in this act contained shall take effect and be in force with respect to

nor to any disposition of hcretable property in Scotland.

Whin reilric-^t^w

effea l\fthakC an(* testaments made and executed before the passing of

respect to this act; in such cases only where the devisor or testator shall be

wills made living, and of found and disposing mind, after the expiration of

before the paf- twelve calendar months from the passing of this act* ling of this r 0

CAP. XCIX.

An act for better regulating the business of pawnbrokers.

[July 28, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

36 Geo. 3. recited.

Pawnbrokers Allowed to take certain rates.

1

WHEREAS an act was passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers, which was to so in forte fr three whole years, and from thence until the end of the then ntxtfcpi of parliament, and no longer: and whereas it inexpedient that fn vision should be made for more effectteally regulating the trade or bum of pawnbrokers, from the time when the said act will exf ire: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, andcom-mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act passed in the thiny-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the trade or bub-nets of pawnbrokers, shall be, and tftc same is hereby declared to be in full force and effect until the expiration of the present fefnon of parliament, and from and after such expiration this act shall commence and take effect, and be put in execution, infteid of the said recited act.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon and from the cow* mencement of this act, it shall be lawful for all persons using and exercising the trade or business of a pawnbroker, to demand, receive, and take, of and from all and every person and period*

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99. 81 j

applying or offering to redeem any goods or chattels pawned or pledged with such pawnbroker, a profit, after the following races, over and above the principal sum and Aims which shall have been lent and advanced upon the respecti ve pledge or pledges, before aav such pawnbroker shall be obliged to redeliver the same; (videlicetjt

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent any JUtd Aim not exceeding two shillings and sixpence, the sum of one halfpenny for any time during which the said pledge shall remain in pawn not exceeding one calendar month, and the same for every calendar month afterwards, including the current month in which such pledge shall be redeemed, although such month shall not be expired:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent the sum of five shillings, one penny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent seven shillings and sixpence, one penny halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent ten Shillings, two-pence:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent twelve shillings and sixpence, two-pence halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent fifteen shillings, three-pence:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent Seventeen shillings and sixpence, three-pence halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent one pound, four-pence, and so oh progressively and in proportion for any sum not exceeding forty shillings:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent any sum of money exceeding forty shillings and not exceeding forty-two shillings, eight-pence:

And for every pledge upon which there shall have been lent any sum exceeding forty-two shillings and not exceeding ten pounds, at and after the rate of three-pence, and no more^ for the loan of every twenty shillings for all such money (b lent, by the calendar month, including the current month; and (bin proportion for any fra&ional sum:

Which said several sums shall be taken in lieu of and as a full satisfaction for all interest due, and charges for warehouse room.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That intermediate in all cases where any intermediate sum lent upon any pawn or sum lent expledge shall exceed the sum of two shillings and sixpence and cegd*

not exceed the sum of forty shillings, the person lending the

shall and may take, by way of profit as aforesaid, at and after the rate of four-pence and no more, for the loan of twenty shillings for the tan by the calendar month, including the current month as aforesaid. sos. by the

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar, in all

cases where the sum to be demanded, received, and taken by any Er0*... pawnbroker or pawnbrokers, his, her, or their servant or agent, {ogive hr. of and from any person or persons applying or offering to redeem things im

0 c c 4 any change.

S ii Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99. [1800.

Limiting the profits for part of a month.

Pawns to be entered in books.

any goods or chattfejs pawned or pledged with such pawnbroker or pawnbrokers, either as profit upon any sum lent, or at pan principal and part profit, shall amount to a total sum of which the piece of money of the lowed denomination shall be one fir* thing; and where the person or persons so applying or offering to redeem such goods or chattels shall have paid down the sum due for such principal and profit, or for such profit only (as the case may be) except the lad remaining farthing, and shall not be able to produce and pay to such pawnbroker or pawnbrokers, his, her, or their servant or agent, a current farthing, and which shall be to the satisfaction and lining of such person or persons to receive the same, but shall in lieu thereof tender to such person or persons to receive the same one halfpennyx in order to discharge the said remaining farthing so due as aforesaid, the said pawnbroker or pawnbrokers, fii$, her, or their servant or agent, to whom such tender of a halfpenny for such purpose as aforesaid shall be made, shall, in exchange thereof, deliver unto such person or persons so redeeming goods as aforesaid, one good and lawful farthing, of the current coin of this kingdom, or in default thereof shall wholly abate the said remaining farthing from the total sum to be received by him or them of such person or persons so redeeming goods or chattels as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases where the party or parries entitled to and applying for the redemption of goqds pawned within the space of seven days after the expiration of the first calendar month after the same shallhare been pledged, he, (tie, or they shall and may be at liberty tore-deem the same without paying any thing by way of profit to the pawnbroker for the said seven days, or such part thereof as shall then have elapsed; and that in all cases where the party or parties so entitled, and applying as aforesaid after the expiration of the said first seven days, and before the expiration of the first fourteen days of the second calendar month, he, she, or they shall and may be at liberty to redeem such goods, upon paying the profit payable forone calendar month and the half of another calendar month to the pawnbroker; but that in all cases where the party or parties so entitled ancf applying as aforesaid, after the expiration of the said first fourteen days, and before the expiration of the said second calendar month, it shall be lawful for the pawnbroker to demand and take the.profit of the whole second month; and that the like regulation and restriction shall take

place and be in force in every subsequent calendar month, wherein application, shall be made for redeeming gqod$ pawned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who, from and after the commencement of this act, shall take by way of pawn or pledge, of or from any person or persons whomsoever, any goods or chattels, of what kind soever the lame shall be, and whereon shall be lent any sum of money exceeding five shillings, (hqll forthwith, and before he, she, or they shall or may advance or lend any money upon such pawn or pledge, enter pr cause to be entered, in a fair and regular manner, in a book or

823

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99.

books to be kept by him, her, or them for that purpose, a description of the goods or chattels which he, she, or they shall receive in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and also the sum of money*to be advanced or lent thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name of the person or persons by whom such goods or chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and the name of the street and number of the house, if the same shall be said to be numbered, where such person shall abide, and whether such person or persons is or are a lodger in, or the keeper of such house, by using the letter " L" if a lodger, and the letter u H " if a housekeeper, and also the name and place of abode of the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, according to the information of the person pawning, pledging, or exchanging the same, into all which circumstances the pawnbroker is hereby required to enquire of the party pawning, before any money shall be lent or advanced, and in all cases where the money lent on any such goods or chattels shall not exceed the sum of five shillings, such entry shall be made in such book or books, by all and every, such person and persons so taking the same by Way of pawn, pledge, or exchange as aforesaid, within four hours next after the said goods and chattels shall have been so pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid 5 and every pledge upon which shall be lent any sum of money above ten shillings,

shall be entered in the manner aforesaid in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, separate and apart from all other pledges whatever; and every such entry of such pledge whereon shall be lent any sum of money exceeding ten shillings, shall be numbered in such book or books progressively as they are received in pawn, in the manner following; (videlicet)9 the first pledge that is received in pawn in the month of September next, shall be numbered N« i, the second N« 2, and so on progressively until the end of the month; and the first pledge that is received in the next month, shall be numbered N* 1, and the second N° 2, and so on progressively and in like manner until the end of the month; and the like regulation with respect to the numbers of all pledges above ten shillings, shall be observed in every succeeding month throughout the year; and upon every note or memorandum respecting any such pledge whereon shall be lent any sum exceeding ten shillings as aforesaid, shall be fairly and legibly written or printed the number of the entry of such pledge so entered in such book or books as aforesaid; and every such Pawnbroker* person shall, at the time of the taking of every pawn, pledge, or % fS-IbiniT^ exchange whatsoever, give to the person or persons so pawning, things 8 pledging, or exchanging the same, a note or memorandum, fairly pawned, and legibly written or printed, or in part written and in part printed, containing the rejn in like manner a description of the goods and chattels which he, she or they have received in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and also the sum of money advanced thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name and place of abode, and number of the house, if said to be numbered", "Of tho person or persons by whom such goods or '*battels

The amount of profits on duplicates indorsed bn pledgeB redeemed*

Penalty against unlawfully pawning goods the property of others.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99. [1800.

chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and whether such person is a lodger or housekeeper as aforesaid, by using the letter " L99 if a lodger, and the letter u H " if a housekeeper, and also the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information aforesaid, and upon which hid note or memorandum, or on the back whereof, shall be moreover fairly written or printed, the name and place of abode of the pawnbroker giving the same, which said note or memorandum the party and parties pawning, pledging, or exchanging the bid goods or chatteJs shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to accept and take in all cases, and the pawnbroker Hull not receive and retain such pledge unless the party pledging or offering to pledge the same shall accept and take such note or memorandum; and every such note, where the sum lent shall be less than five shillings, shall be delivered gratis; and where the sum lent shall be five shillings or upwards, and less than ten shillings, such pawnbroker shall and may rake one halfpenny for the same; and where the sum lent shall be ten shillings or upwards, and less than twenty shillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one penny for the same; and where the sum lent shall be twenty shillings or upwards, and less than five pounds, the sum of two-pence for the same; and where the sum lew shall be five pounds or upwards, the sum of four-pence and nomore; and which note shall be produced to the pawnbroker before he or she shall be obliged to re-deliver the respective goods or chattels, except as herein after is excepted.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any, goods or chattels pawned or pledged shall be redeemed, the

pawnbroker of whom the same shall be redeemed shall, at the lime of such redemption, fairly and legibly write or indorse, or cause to be written or indorsed, upon every duplicate reipetiing such pawn or pledge, the amount of the profit taken by him, or 00 his accounr, on the money lent upon such goods or chattels (0 redeemed, and shall keep such duplicate in his custody for the space of one year then next following.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the commencement of this act, if any person or persons shall knowingly and designedly pawn, pledge, or exchange, or unlawfully dispose of the goods or chattels of any other person or persons, not being employed or authorised by the owner or owners thereof so to do, it shall be lawful for any justiceto gram his warrant to apprehend any person so offending, and if he, she, or they shall be thereof convicted, by the oath of any credible witness or witnesses, or by the confession of the person or persons charged with such offence, before any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place where the offence shall be committed, (which oath every such justice or justices as aforesaid is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), every such offender shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding five pounds nor left than twenty {billings, and aUq the full value of the goods or chattels so pawned,

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99. $£5

pledged, exchanged, or disposed of, such value to be ascertained by such justice or justices; and in case the said forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, the justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid before whom such conviction shall be had, shall commit the party or parties so convicted to the house of correction or some other publick prison of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place wherein the offender or offenders shall reside, or be convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for a space not exceeding three calendar months, unless the said forfeitures shall be sooner paid; and if within three d3ys before the expiration of the said term of commitment the said forfeitures shall not be paid, the said justice or justices, at his and their difererion, may order the person or persons so convicted to be publickly whipped in the house of correction or prison to which the offender or offenders shall have been committed, or in some other publick place of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place where the offence shall have been committed, as to such justice or justices shall seem proper; and the said respective forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied towards making satisfaction thereout to the party or parties injured, and defraying the costs of the prosecution, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had; but if the party or parties injured shall decline to accept of such satisfaction and costs, or if there shall be any overplus of the said respective forfeitures, after making such satisfaction and paying such costs as aforesaid, then such respective forfeitures, or the overplus thereof (as the case shall happen) shall be paid and applied to and for the use of the poor of the parish or place where such offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the overseers of the poor of such parish or place for that purpose.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Person forg-whomsoever shall counterfeit, forge, or alter, or cause or pro- ing or coun* cure to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any such note or memorandum as aforesaid, or shall utter, vend, or fell any such noteas aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, with intent to defraud any person or persons whomsoever, in all or any or either of the said cases, such person or persons shall be punished in manner herein after mentioned; and it shall be lawful for any person or persons, his, her, or their servants or agents to whom any note shall be uttered or produced,

shewn or offered, which he, she, or they shall have reason to suspect 10 have been counterfeited, forged, or altered, to seize and detain such person or persons uttering, producing, shewing, or offering the same, and to deliver him, her, or them, as soon os conveniently may be, into the custody of a constable, or,

other peace officer, who shall and is hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to convey such person or persons before some justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be supposed to have been committed; and if upon examination it

826 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99, [1800.

shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, that the > person or persons charged with having committed any such I offence is or are guilty thereof, then, and in every such case, the said justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and requited to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, towo, or place wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be imprisoned for any^time not exceeding the space of three calendar months, at the discretion of such justice or justices. Persons not X. And be it further enacted, That in case any person of giving a good persons who shall offer by way of pawn, pledge, exchange, or themfeUvs on any g00^s or chattels, shall not be able, or shall refofe to ottering to give a satisfactory account of himself, herself, or themselves, or pawn goods, of the means by which he, she, or they became possessed of such liable to pu- g0Qds or chattels, or shall wilfully give any false information to jh Ament. pawnbroker, or to his or her servant or servants, as to whe-

ther such goods or chattels are his, her, or their own property, or not, or of his or her name and place of abode, or of thename and place of abode of the owner or owners of the said goods or chattels, or if there shall be any other reason to suspetf that such goods or chattels are stolen, or otherwise illegally or clandestinely obtained, or if any person or persons not entitled, nor having any colour of title by law to redeem goods or chattels in pledge or pawn, shall attempt or endeavour to redeem the same, it M be lawful for any person or persons, his, her, or their fefrants or agents, to whom such goods or chattels shall be (o offered, or with whom such goods or chattels are in pledge, tofeizeand detain such person or persons and the said goods or chattels, and to deliver such person or persons immediately into the custody of a constable or other peace officer, who shall and is hereby required, as soon as may be, to convey such person or persons, and the said goods or chattels so offered, before some justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place wherein the offence shall be supposed to have been committed; and if such justice or justices shall, upon examination and enquiry, have cause to lufpcS that the said goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, or that the person or persons offering and endeavouring to redeem the same, shall not have any pretence or colour>of right to redeem the same, it shall be (awful for such justice or justices to commit such person or persons into safe custody, for such reasonable time a6 shall be necessary for the obtaining proper information on the subject, in order to be further examined; and if upon either of the said examinations it shall appear to the latis-faction of such justice or justices that the said goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, or th2t the person or persons offering or endeavouring to redeem the lame, hath or have" not any pretence or colour of right so to do, the said justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or house Of correction of the county, riding, division, city, liberty,

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99. 827

town, or place wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to law, where the nature of the offence shall authorise such commitment by any other law, and where the nature of the offence shall not authorise such commitment by any other law, then such commitment shall be for any time not exceeding three calendar months, at the discretion of such justice or justices of

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Persons bur-commencement of this act, if any person or persons shall know* !n£ taking ingly buy or take in zt a pledge or pawn, or in exchange, any flJ, mied goods or any manufacture, or of any part or branch of any ma- linen, Qr ap-- nufacture, either mixed or separate, or any materials whatsoever p^rd entmrted plainly intended for the composing or manufacturing of any goods, after such goods or materials respectively are put into a

state or course of manufacture, or into a state for any process or double the operation to be thereupon or therewith performed, and before sum lent, and such goods or materials are completed or finished for the purposes of wear or consumption, or any linen or apparel, which goods, go materials, linen, or apparel, are or shall be entrusted to any person or persons to wash, scour, iron, mend, manufacture, work up, finish, or make up, and shall be convicted of the same on the oath of one credible witness, or on confession of the party or parties, before one or more justice or justices, every such person or persons shall forfeit double the sum given for or lent on the same, to be paid to the poor of the parish where the offence is committed, to be recovered in the same manner as any other forfeitures are by this act directed to be recovered, and shall likewise be obliged to restore the said goods and materials to the owner or owners thereof, in the presence of the said justice or justices.»

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the owner or owners Empowering of any goods of any manufacture, or of any part or branch of peace officers any manufacture, either mixed or separate, or any materials whatsoever, plainly intended for the composing or manufacturing goods unlaw-of any goods, after such goods or materials respectively are put fully oome by. into a state or course of manufacture, or into a state for any process or operation to be thereupon or therewith performed, and before such goods or materials are completed or finished for the purposes of wear or consumption, or any linen or apparel, which goods, materials, linen, or apparel are or shall be so intruded as aforesaid, unlawfully pawned, pledged; or exchanged, shall make out either on his, her, or their oath, or by the oath of any credible witness, or, being one of the people called jQuakerby solemn affirmation, before any justice or justices of the peace within his or their jurisdiction, that there is just cause to suspeCfc that any person or persons within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justices hath or have taken to pawn, or by way of pledge or in exchange, any such goods or materials, linen or apparel, so intruded as aforesaid, of such owner or owners, and without the privity or authority of such owner or owners thereof, and shall make appear, to the satisfaction of any such justice of

b; C

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99. [1800.

justices, probable grounds for such the suspicion of the owner or owners thereof, then and in any such case any justice or justiett of the peace, within his or their jurisdiction, may iliac his or their warrant for fearebing, within the hours of bofiness, the house, warehouse, or other place of any such person or persons who shall be charged, on oath or affirmation as aforesaid, as suspected to have received or taken in pawn or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any such goods or materials, linen or apparel, without the privity of or authority from the owner or owners thereof; and if the occupier or occupiers of any house, ware-house, or other place wherein any such goods, materials, linen, or apparel, shall on oath or affirmation as aforesaid be charged or suspected to be, shall, after the commencement of this act, on request made to him, her, or them, to open the same, by any peace officer authorised to search there by warrant from any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, in which such house, warehouse, or other place shall be situate, refute to open the same and permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any peace officer to break open any such house, warehouse, or other place, within the hours of business, and to search as he shall think fit therein for the goods, materials, linen, or apparel suspected to be theft, doing no wilful damage; and no pawnbroker or other person or persons shall oppose or hinder any such search; and if upon the search of the house, warehouse, or other place of any such faf-pedted person or persons as aforesaid, any of the goods, materials, linen, or apparel, which shall have been so pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid shall be found, and the property of Ac owner or owners thereof shall be made out to the satisfiftion of any such justice or justices, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or if any such witness or witodfes shall be of the people called Quakers, by solemn affirmation, or by the confession of the person or persons charged with any such offence, any such justice or justices shall thereupon cause the goods, mate* rials, linen, or apparel, found on any fuel) search, and pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, to be forthwith restored to the owner or owners thereof.

Where goods

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if the owner or owners are unlaw fully of any goods or chattels unlawfully pawned, pledged, or «-pawned, the changed, shall make out, cither on his, her, or their oath, or by the oath of any credible witness, or, being one of the people called Quakers, by solemn affirmation, before any justice or justices ofme peace within his or their jurisdiction, that such owner or owners hath or have had his, her, or their goods or chattels unlawfully obtained or taken from him, her, or them, and that there is just cause ro suspect that any person or persons within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justices hath or have taken to pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any goods or chattels of such owner or owners, and without the privity or authority of such owner or owners thereof, and shall make appear, to the fathfaction of any such justice or justices) probable grounds for

pawnbroker to rest ore them*

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99* 829

such the suspicion of the owner or owners thereof, then and fi* any such case any justice or justices of the peace within his ot their jurisdiction may issue his or their warrant for searching, within the hours of business, the house, warehouse, or other place of any such person or persons who shall be charged on oatfi or affirmation as aforesaid as suspe£ed to have received or taken in pawn, or by way of pledge or in exchange, any f-.ch goods or chattels, without the privity of, or authority from the owner or owners thereof; and if the occupier or occupiers of any house, warehouse, or other place wherein any such goods or chattels shall on oath or affirmation as aforesaid be charged or suspeefed to be, fhai!, after the commencement of this act, 00 request t made to him, her, or them to open the same by any peace officer authorised to search there, by warrant from a justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, pr place, in which such house, warehouse, or other place shall be situate, refuse to open the same, and permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any peace officer to break open any such house, warehouse, or other place, within the hours of business, and to search as he shall think fit therein, for the goods or chattels suspected to be there, doing no wilful damage; add no pawnbroker or other person or persons shall oppose or hrndejr any Such search; and if upon the search of the house, warehouse, or other place of any such suspected person or persons as aforesaid, any of the goods or chattels which shall have been so pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid shall be found, and the property of the owner or owners from whom the same shall have been unlawfully obtained or taken, shall be made out to the satisfaction of any such justice or justices by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or if any such witness or witnesses shall be of the people called Quaker^ by solemn affirmation, or by the confession of the person or persons charged with any such offence, any such justice or justices shall thereupon cause the goods and chattels found on any such search, and pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, to be forthwith restored to the owner or owners thereof,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the PunHhingt!« commencement of this act, if any goods or chattels shall be pawnbroker pawned or pledged (or securing any money lent thereon, not Yjj? will nc* exceeding in the whole the principal sum of ten pounds, and the goodsto the profit thereof, and if within one year after the pawning or pledg- pawnee, ing thereof, (proof having been made on oath or affirmation as aforesaid by one or more credible witness or witnesses, and by producing the note or memorandum directed to be given by this act as aforesaid, before any justice or justices, to the satisfaction of any such justice or justices, of the pawning or pledging of aqy such goods or chattels within the said (pace of one year, or one year and three months, as the case may be), any such pawner or pawners who was or were the real owner or owners of such good? or chattels at the time of the pawning or pledging thereof, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns.

Anno regni xjuadragefixno Georgii III. c. 99. [1800.

ffralj tender unto the person or persons who lent, on the security of the goods or chattels pawned, his executors, administrators, of assigns, the principal money borrowed thereon, and profit, according to the table, of rates by this act established, and the person who took such goods or chattels in pawn, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, shall thereupon, without {hewing reasonable cause for so doing to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, neglect or refuse to deliver back the goods or chattels so pawned fot any sum or sums of money not exceeding the said principal sum of ten pounds, to the person or persons who borrowed the money thereon, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, then and in any such case, on oath or affirmation as aforesaid thereof made by the pawner or pawners thereof, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns,;

or some other credible person, any justice or justices of the peace 1

for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place \

where the person or persons who took such pawn as aforesaid, his j executors, administrators, or assigns, shall dwell, on the appli- \ cation of the borrower or borrovyers, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or.assigns, is and are hereby required to cause such person or persons who took such pawn, his, her, or their ekecu-'tors, administrators, or assigns, within the jurisdiction of the j justice or justices, to come before such justice or justices; and such justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required, to examine on oath or solemn affirmation, as the case may require, the parties themselves, and such other credible person or persons as shall appear before him or them touching the premises; and if tender of the principal money due, and all profit thereon as aforesaid, shall be proved by oath or affirmation as aforesaid to have been made (such principal money not exceeding the said sum of ten pounds) to the lender or lenders thereof, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, by the borrower or borrowers of such principal money, his, her, or their executors, adminifbators* or alligns, within the said space of one year, or one year and three months, as the case may be, after the said pawning or pledging of the goods or chattels, then on payment by the borrower or borrowers, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, of such principal money, and the profit due thereon as aforesaid, to the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, and in case the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, administrators,] or assigns, shall refuse to accept thereof, on tender thereof to 1 him, her, or them made by the borrower or borrowers thereof, I his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, before any such justice or justices, such justice or justices shall thereupon, by order under his or their hand or hands, direct the goods or chattels so pawned forthwith to be delivered up to the pawner or pawners thereof, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns; and if the person or persons who shall have lent any principal fupn or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of ten pounds on any goods or chattels pawned, his, her,

or

'r('V,

-, -: a

4

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99." 83!

or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up or make satisfaction for the goods or chattels which shall be so proved to the satisfaction of such justice or justices as aforesaid to have been so pawned, as any such justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid shall order and direeft, then any such justice or justices shall, and is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the party or parties so refusing to deliver up " or*make satisfe&ion for the same, to the house of correction or some other publick prison for the county, riding, division, city,

' liberty, town, or place wherein the offender or offenders shall J reside or be convicted, there to remain, without bail or main-[ prize, until he, she, or they shall deliver up the goods or chattels k

I so pawned, and continuing redeemable as aforesaid, according to 1 the order of such justice or justices as aforesaid, or make such'satisfaction or compensation as such justice or justices shall adjudge reasonable for the value thereof, to the party or parties entitled to 1 the redemption of such goods or chattels so pawned, and continuing redeemable as aforesaid.

XV. And, to prevent any inconvenience to persons carrying on the trade and business of a pawnbroker, from several different persons claiminga property in the same goods or chattels, be it further enacted, That, from and after the commencement of this act, any Persons pro-person or persons who shall at any time produce any such note or during notes memorandum as aforesaid, to the person or persons with whom dJ^deemed the goods therein specified were pawned or pledged, as the owner^owners, thereof, or as authorised by the owner thereof to redeem the same, and require a delivery of the goods or chattels mentioned therein, to him, her, or them, such person or persons shall be, and is and are hereby deemed and taken to be, so far as re/jpe&s the person or persons having such goods and chattels in pledge, the real owner or owners, proprietor and proprietors of such goods and chattels, and the person or persons so using the said trade and business of a pawnbroker shall be, and is and are hereby directed and required, after receiving satisfaction pursuant to the provisions of this act, respecting principal and profit, to deliver such goods and chattels to the person or persons who shall so produce the said note or memorandum to him, her, or them, and shall he, smd is and are hereby indemnified for so doing, unless he, she, or they shall have had previous notice from the real owner or owners thereof not to deliver the same to the person or persons producing such note, or unless notice shall have been given to him, her, or them, that the goods or chattels pawned have been or are suspe$ed to have been fraudulently or feloniously taken or obtained, and unless the real owner or owners thereof proceeds or proceed, in manner herein after provided and directed for the redeeming of goods and chattels pledged, where such note hath been loft, mistaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the owner or owners thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any pawnbroker Where notes shall have had such previous notice, as aforesaid, or in case any such note of memorandum as aforesaid shall be loft, mistaid, de- pawnbroker Vol. XLII. H h H stroyed, to deliver a

V JiCcopyUe

Hz

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99. [1800.

stroyed, or fraudulently obtained from die owner or owners thereof, and the goods and chattels mentioned therein shall remain unredeemed, that then and in every such case the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the said goods and chattels were so pledged shall, at the request and application of any person or persons who shall represent himself, herself, or them lei ves to the pawnbroker as the owner or owners of the goods and chattels in pledge as aforesaid, deliver to such person or persons io ft-quelling and applying for the same, a copy of the note or memorandum so loft, mistaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained as aforesaid, with the form of an affidavit of the particular circumstances attending the case, printed or written, or in pan printed and in part written on the said copy, as the same shall be llated to him or her by the party applying as aforesaid, for which copy of such not£ or memorandum, and form of affidavit, ia case the money lent shall not exceed the sum of five shillings, the pawnbroker shall receive the sum of one halfpenny; and in ale the money lent shall exceed the sum of five shillings and not exceed the lum of ten shillings, the pawnbroker shall receive the sum of one penny; and in case the money lent shall exceed the sum of ten ftiillings, the pawnbroker shall receive the like sum of money as he is entitled to receive and take on givine the original note or memorandum, such money to be paid by the party applying for the same at the time of making the said application; and the person or persons having so obtained such copy of the note or memorandum, and form of affidavit as aforesaid, shall thereupon prove his, her, or their property in, or right to such goods and chattels, to the satisfaction of some justice of the peace /or the county, riding, djivision, city, town, liberty, qr place, where the said goods or chattels shall have been pledged, pawned, pr exchanged, and shall also verify on oath or affirmation, as the case may be, before the said justice the truth of the particular circumftartces attending the case mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation to be made as aforesaid, the caption of such oath or affirmation to be authenticated by the hand writing thereto of the justice before whom the same shall be made, and who shall, and is hereby required so to authenticate the fitme, whereupon the pawnbroker shall suffer the person or persons proving such property to the satisfaction of such justice as aforesaid, and making such affidavit or affirmation as aforesaid, on leaving such copy of the said note or memorandum, and the said affidavit or affirmation, with the said pawnbroker, to redeem such goods or chattels.

Fawned goods

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all goods and chattels deemed for- which shall be pawned or pledged, shall be deemed forfeited, and cad'oTa the may k* sold at the expiration of one whole year, exclusive of the* a ycal* day whereon the goods and chattels were so pawned as aforesaid;

and that all goods and chattels fa forfeited on which any sum above ten shillings and not exceeding ten pounds shall have been lent, shall be sold by publick auction, and not otherwise, by the order of the person having the same in pawn, at and after the

expiration

lSo<

expir good; cause there of th in p; book pawr cont; brok were pawi pape and

ever

of fc fori pou

pia ivoi phi! Put wit eve of '

no

fen

hr

pu

CGI

Wi

fty

be

or

caf

Pie

bo

m

the

Ph

to

*>ot

to

n

of(

kiT,

!.r: Su

2 x:

r'j'i'S

*? i;

wrJJ

; vx;: 5

-a* I*; ,; 3: r t..-?-. \r\Z: or: 7

: >; i V ru: i': rr: > ic* i: ss#r"

i: -

i; f

x*

'rf

"si

: V

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99. 8jj

expiration of the said year, but the person employed to fell such goods and chattels by auction shall, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be exposed to publick view, and catalogues thereof to be published, containing the name and place of abode of the pawnbroker, and also the month such goods were received in pawn j and the number of every such pledge as entered in the book or books kept for that purpose at the time the same were pawned, and an advertisement giving notice of such sale, and containing the name or names, and place of abode of the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the said goods or chattels were in pledge, and also the month such goods were received in pawn, to be inserted on two several days in some publick newspaper, two days at least before the first day of sale; and the goods and chattels pledged with every pawnbroker, shall be inserted in 'every catalogue, separate and apart from each other, upon pain of forfeiting to the owner or owners of the said goods or chattels, for every offence in the premises, any sum not exceeding ten pounds nor less than forty Shillings.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all D!re^"|cer* pictures, prints, books, bronzes, statues, buds, carvings in fepa-ivory and marble, cameos, intaglios, musical, mathematical, and rate froin philosophical instruments, and china, which shall be sold by other goods* publick auction as aforesaid, shall be sold by themselves, and without other goods being sold at such sale, four times only in every year, (that is to say), On the first Monday in the months of January. Jpril^ July, and October, in every year, and on the following day and days if the sale shall exceed one day, and at no other time; and the person who shall be employed to sell the same by auction shall, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be exposed to publick view, and catalogues thereof to be published, and an advertisement giving notice of such sale, and containing the name or names of the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the said goods were in pledge, to be inserted two several days in some publick newspaper three days at the lead before the first day of sale, upon pain of forfeiting to the owner or owners of the said goods for every offence in the premises, any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty shillings.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in On notice case any person or persons entitled to redeem goods or chattels in from persons pledge, shall, before or upon the expiration of the said one year from the time of pawning the same, give notice in writing, or to fetlhrU in the presence of one witness, to the person or persons having months fur-the same in pledge, or leave the same at his, her, or their usual ther allowed place of abode, not to sell the same at the end of the said one year, thea and in every such case, such goods or chattels shall dfcmptian. not be sold or disposed of by the person or persons having the same in pledge until after the expiration of three calendar months, to be computed from the expiration of the said year, during which said term of three calendar months, the owner or owners of the said goods and chattels shall have liberty to redeem the same, upon the terms stipulated and provided by this act.

HHH2 XX. And

*34

Account of sales to be entered by the pawnbrokers in a book;

and overplus paid to the owner of the goods pawned or fold) &c.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georg it III. c. 99. [1800.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons with whom any goods or chattels shall have been pawned or pledged, shall from time to time enter in a book or books, to be kept by him, her, or them for that purpose, a true and just account of the sale of all goods and chattels pawned with him, her, or them for upwards of ten shillings, which shall be sold as aforesaid, ejtjrfefling the day of the month when such goods were pledged, and the name of the person pledging the same, accord, ing to the entry made at the time of receiving the same in pawn; and also the day when, and the money for which such goods or chattels pawned were fold, together with the name and place of abode of the auctioneer by whom the same were fold, according to the information thereof from the auctioneer; and in case any such goods or chattels shall be sold for more than the principal money and profit aforesaid due thereon at the time of such sale, the overplus shall, by every such pawnbroker, be paid, onde* mand, to the person by whom or on whose account such goods or chattels were pawned, his, her, or their executors, adraini* strators, or assigns, in case such demand shall be made within three years after such sale, the necessary costs and charges of such sale being first deduced; and such person or persons who pawned or pledged such goods or chattels, or for whom such goods or chattels were so pawned or pledged, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall, for his, her, or their satisfaction in this matter, be permitted to itrfpeft the entry to be made as aforesaid of every such sale, paying for such inspediort the sum of one penny and no more j and in case any person or persons shall refuse to permit any such person or persons who pawned or pledged such goods or chattels, or who is or are entitled to such overplus money, to in(pest such entry as aforesaid }n any such book or books, (such person or persons, if an executor or executors, administrator or administrators, or assigneeor assignees, at such time producing his, het, or their letters testa-tnentary, letters of administration or alignment), or in case the goods or chattels were fold for more than the sum entered in any such book or books, or if any such person or persons shall not make such entry as aforesaid, or shall not have bm fiic, accord* Ing to the directions of this act, fold the same, or shall refuse to pay such overplus, upon demand, to the pawner or pawners, owner or owners, his, her, or their executors, administrators, cr a(signs, (he, she, or they producing such their letters testamentarj, letters of administration or alignment), every such person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the fun of ten pounds, and treble the sum such goods ami chattels dull originally have been pawned for, to the person or persons by whom or On whole account such goods or chattels were pawned, Ills, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, to be levied by dist refs and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of any twojufttces of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place where the offence shall be committed.

18c

X

com

gooi

eithi

her,

him

cull

as a

or

taki

to \

fan

ow

fail

fro

pat

P'<

un

or

mi

go

be

he

n<

th

rei

Or

ei

L 0' tl 0

ii

d.

0;

i\

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99 85.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Pawnbroker commencement of this act, no person or persons having any goods or chattels in pledge shall, under any pretence whatsoever, while in his either by himself or herself, or by any other person for him or custody. her, purchase any such goods or chattels so being in pledge with him or her, during the time the same shall remain in his or her custody as such pledge, save and except at such publick auction as aforesaid, nor shall suffer the same to be redeemed with a view or intention to purchase the same; nor shall any such person pledges notto taking or having any goods or chattels in pledge, make or cause be taken from to be made any contract or agreement with- any person or per* persons under fons offering to pledge or pledging the same with the owner or aV^rlntox-owners of the pledge, for the purchase, sale, or disposition of the felted* said goods and chattels before the expiration of one whole year from the time of pawning or pledging the same; nor shall any Time to buy-pawnbroker purchase or receive or take any good? or chattels in ing goods or pledge of or from any person or persons who shall appear to be tak, »g in under the age of twelve years, or to be intoxicated with liquor; pawns, mi e*or purchase or take in pawn, pledge, or exchange the note or memorandum aforesaid of any other pawnbroker; nor buy any goods or chattels in the course of his, her, or their trade or business before the hour of eight of the clock in the forenoon or after the hour of seven of the clock in the evening throughout the year; nor employ any servant or apprentice, or any other person under the age of sixteen years, to take in any pledge or pledges; nor receive or t>kc in any goods or chattels by way of pawn, pledge, or in exchange, before eight of the clock in the forenoon or after eight of the clock in the evening between Michaelmas Day and Lady Day following, or before seven of the clock in the forenoon or after nine of the clock in the evening during the remainder of the year* excepting only until eleven of the clock on the evenings of Saturday throughout the whole year, and the evenings preceding Good Friday and Christmas Day, and every fast or thanksgiving day to be appointed by his Majesty; nor shall any person or '

persons exercise or carry on the trade or business of a pawnbroker on any Sunday, Good Fridays Christmas Day, or on any fast day or thanksgiving day to be appointed as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it farther enacted, That, upon and from and Pawnbrokers after the commencement of this a#, all and every person persons who shall follow and carry on the trade and business of'a ^ble of pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or printed, in large legible profits, See. characters, the rate of profit allowed by this a# to be taken by him, her, or them, ' and also the various prices of the notes memorandums to be given by him, her, or them, according to

the rates aforesaid, and an account of what notes or memorandums are to be delivered gratis, and of the expence of obtaining a second note or memorandum* where the former one has been loft, mistaid, destroyetfj or fraudulently obtained, and place the same in a conspicuous part or parts of the (hop or other place whereinhe, she, or they shall carry on such trade or business* to as to be visible to and legible by the perfotfs pledging goods and h h h 3 chattels

B36

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. C99.

[1S00.

chattels Handing in the several boxes or places provided for such persons coming to pawn or redeem goods and chattels it such {hop*

XXIII. dud, for the hitter manifesttng by whom the trait «r business of a pawnbroker shall hereaster be carried on, be it further Pawnbrokers enacted, That, from and after the commencement of this act, all names and and every person or persons who shall follow or carry on rhc ^hwed^over^ tra(*c or hufiness of a pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or ftis*doorV?n written, in large legible characters, over the door of each (hop penalty ofiol., or other place by him, her, or them respectively made use of for carrying on that trade or business, the chriilian and surname or names of the person or persons so carrying on the said trade or business, and the word Pawnbroker, '99 or u Pawnbrokers, " ai the case may be, following the same, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for every (hop or place which shall be so made use of for the space of one week without having such name or names, and the said word, so painted or written as aforesaid, to be recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace affcing within the respective county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, (which warrant such justices aie hereby authorised and required to grant), upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the information of any credible witness or witnesses upon oath or affirmation, as the case may be; and in case fuf&cient distress shall not be found, or such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such justices, and they are hereby required, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause the offender or offenders to be committed to the county gaol orhouseof correction, there to remain, without bail or main prize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months nor less than fourteen days, unless the said penalty, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfiecL

Penalty on

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if in the course of pawnbrokers any proceedings before any justice or justices of the peace, in l»forc limited Pur^uance of or under this act, it shall appear, or be proved to the satisfaction of the justice or justices upon oath or solemn affirmation, that any of the goods and chattels pawned as afoic-said have been fold before the time allowed by this act, or otherwise than according to the directions of this act, or have been embezzled or loft, or are become or have been rendered of less value than the same were at the time of pawning or pledging, thereof, by or through the default, neglect, or wilful milbdu-viour of the person or persons with whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or auigns, agents or servants, then and in any such case it shall be lawful for every such justice and justices, and he and they is and are hereby required to allow and award a reasonable satisfaction to the owner or owners of such goods or chattels in respect thereof, or of such damage, and the sum or sums of money so allowed or awarded, in case the same shall not amount to the

principal

time, or injuring them, &c*

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99. 837

principal and profit aforesaid which shall appear to be due to any person or persons with whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall be deduced out of the said principal and profit; and in all cases where the goods and chattels pawned as aforesaid shall have been damaged as aforesaid, it shall be sufficient for the pawner or pawners, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, to pay or tender the money due upon the balance, after deducting, out of the principal and profit as aforesaid, for the goods or chattels pawned, such reasonable satisfaction in respect to such damage as any such justice or justices shall order or award, and upon so doing the justice or justices shall proceed as if the pawner or pawners, his, hef, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, had paid or tendered the whole money due for the principal and profit aforesaidj and if the satisfaction to be allowed and awarded to the owner or owners.of such goods or chattels shall be equal to or exceed the principal and profit aforesaid, then and in such case the person or persons to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall deliver the goods and chattels so pledged to the owner or owners thereof, without being paid any thing for principal or profit in respect thereof, and shall also pay such excess (if any) to the person or persons entitled thereto, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner herein after mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Pawnbroker* any justice of the peace, upon complaint made to him on the -

oath or affirmation of one or more credible witness or witnesses, wherein any information shall be laid against any pawnbroker for bry. having offended against this act, or respecting any dispute between any pawnbroker and person having pawned goods, or the owner or owners of goods pawned, or respecting any felony or other matter, or on any other occasion whatsoever, which in the judgement of any justice or justices shall make the production of any book, note, voucher, memorandum, duplicate, or other paper necessary, which shall or ought to be in the hands, custody, or power of any pawnbroker, to summon such pawnbroker before him to attend, with all and every or any book, note, voucher, memorandum, duplicate, or paper, which he or she may or ought to have in hirs or her custody or power relating to the same, which he or she is hereby required to produce before such justice or justices in the (late the same was or were made at the time the pawn or pledge was received, without any alteration, erafement, or obliteration whatsoever $ and in case such pawnbroker shall neglect or refuse to attend, or to produce the same in its true and perfect state, such pawnbroker shall, in case he or she doth not shew good cause for such neglect or refusal, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds nor less than five pounds, to be levied and applied in the maimer herein after mentioned.

838 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99. [1800.

Penalty on

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any pawn-'£j[nokers broker shall, from and after the commencement of this act, in agahiftthis anywise offend against this act, every such pawnbroker shall, for aft. every such offence in neglecting to make or causetobe made,

in a fair and regular manner, in such book or books as aforehl, any such entry as is required to be made by him, her, or then by this act, forfeit such sum of money as to the justice or justices before and by whom any information thereon shall be heard and determined in his or their discretion shall seem reasonable and lit, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, and for every other offence against this act, where no forfeiture or penalty is provided or imposed on any particular or specific offence against any part of this act, not less than forty shillings nor more than ten pound?, and that all forfeitures incurred by any offence committed again# 1 this act, shall and may be levied by distrefe and fate of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal or hands and seals of any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place where the offence shall be committed; and the justices shall award one moiety of the said penalties to the party complaining, and the remainder of the aforesaid penalty or penalties nQt otherwise disposed of and applied by this act, is to be paid and applied to and for the life of the poor of the parish or place where the offence'shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the overseers of the poor of such parish or place for that purpose.*

Limiting the

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no time of pro- person or persons using or exercising the trade or business of a lofonn^ion Pawnbroker, shall be subject or liable to any prosecution or in- \ formation before any justice or justices of the peace by virtue of [ this act, for any offence or offences against this act, ynless infer- f fixation shall be given of such offence or offences within twelve calendar months next after the offence or offences committed, and that all and every such information and informations shall be 1 given and prosecuted before such justice or justices of the peace as shall act as such justice or justices near to the place where such offence or offences shall have been committed, unk(s we same shall have been committed within the city or liberties of London.

Churchwardens, Sec. to prosecute, &c.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any parish or place where any offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any pawnbroker against this act, or some or one of such officers, at the discretion or direction of any justice of the peace, on having notice from such justice of the peace of such offence being supposed to have been committed, shall, and they or same or one of them, to be nominated by such justice as aforesaid, hre and is hereby required to prosecute every offender for every offence so to be suggested by such justice to have been committed against this aat the expence of the respective parish whereof they or he are, is, or shall be for the time being such aficert or officer.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99; 8^9

XXIX. And be it further enacted, Tint no person who has Convicted

been convicted of any fraud, or of obtaining money under ^ot^o^Vo^>

pretences, or of any felony whatsoever, shall be allowed ro pro- c^re or^iform fecute or inform against any person or persons, for any offence again(k any or.offences committed against this act. peri'on, &e.

XXX. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Ad not taex-shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any person or persons tend to per* whomsoever who shall lend money to any person or persons ^one >vhoinsoever upon pawn or pledge, at the rate of five pounds per^tV Cent.: senium per annum interest, without taking any further or greater without profit for the loan or forbearance of such money lent, on any further profit* pretence whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the The act to provisions, regulations, and clauses contained in this present act,

shall, from and after the end of this present session of parliament, of pawn-extend to and include the executors, administrators, and assigns brokers, of all and every deceased pawnbroker, in the same manner as the same extend to and include the pawnbroker when living, save and except that no such executor or admir.istrator of any such deceased pawnbroker shall be answerable for any penalty or forfeiture personally, 01 to be paid out of his, her, or their own monies or estate, unless the same shall be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own aift or qeglecft.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons sued persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prose- mAy P, eacl the cuted for any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in general pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and

give the special matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence $ and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or de-t fendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, then such defendant or defendants shall have double costs awarded to him, her, or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXXJUI. Prov ided always, and be it enacted, That in all Inhabitants of arftions, suits, informations, trials, and other proceedings in pur-. any fuance of this act, or in relation to any matter or thing herein rommitt^d^1 contained, any inhabitant of the parish, town, or place in which deemed com. any offence or offences shall be committed contrary to the true petent wit-intent, and meaning of this a eft, shall be admitted to give evi- ncffcS* dence, and shall be deemed a competent witness, notwithstanding his qc her being an inhabitant of the parish, town, or place wherein any such offence or offences shall be supposed to have been committed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the justice or juk tices before whom any person shall be convicted in manner pre-. feribed by this act, shall cause such respective conviction to be drawn up in the form, or to the effect following j (that i^tq say),

ia 'wit

BE it remembered. That on this day of Form of

in the year of his Majesty's convi<ffion.

reign, d. B* is convicted bcfqr*

Of his Majesty's

justices

840 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 99, [1800.

justices of the peace for the said county of

[or1, for the riding or division of the said county of

or, for the city, liberty, or town of I

as the ease shall happen to be] for and the said

do adjudge him [or, her] to pay and forfeit for the same the sum of Given under

the day and year aforesaid/

And the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had, shall cause the same, so drawn up in the form or to the effect aforesaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next general or general quarter session of the peace to be held for the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place wherein such conviction was had, to be filed I

and kept amongst the records of the said general or quarter session; and in case any person or persons so coovifleu shall appeal from the judgement of the said justice or justices to the said general or quarter session, the justices in such generator quarter session are hereby required, upon receiving the feidcon-vi&ibn drawn up in the form or to the effect aforesaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal at such next session, and not afterwards, according to the directions of this atf, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any conviction or other proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this a£h 1

XXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Appeal That if any person convicted of any offence or offences punish-

able by this act, shall think hitnfelf or her I elf aggrieved by the judgement of the justice or justices before whom he or she shall II have been convicted, such person shall have liberty to appeal to !l the justices at the next general or quarter session of the peace j which shall be held for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, ? town, or place where such judgement shall have been given, and that the execution of the said judgement shall in such case be suspended, the person so con v idled entering into a recognizance at the time of such conviction, with twosufficient sureties, in double the sum which such person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement and determination of the justices in their said next general or quarter session, and to pay such costs as the said justices in such session shall award 00 such occasion, which recognizance the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be bad is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the justices in the said general or quarter session are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either party $ and if, upon the hearing of the said appeal, the judgement of the justice or justices before whom the appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such appellant shall

immediately

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. too. 84?

immediately pay the sum which he or Hie shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such costs as the justices in the said general or quarter session shall award to be paid for defraying the expences sustained by the defendant or defendants in such appeal, or in default of making such payment, shall suffer the respective pains and penalties by this act inflicted upon persons respectively who shall neglect to pay, or shall not pay the respective sums or forfeitures by this act to be paid by or imposed upon persons respectively who shall be convicted by virtue of ihis ad.

[Publick act.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this a# shall be deemed a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. C.

An act to authorise his Majesty to grant commissions to natives g/ the seven united provinces, or of the hereditary fates of the prince of Orange, to Jerveon board certain Dutch ftps of waryfur rendered to his Majesty's fleets and in regiments in the pay of his Majesty $ and to enable any such natives to inlijl as soldiers in such regiments^ under certain restrictions.

[July 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS his serene highness the prince of Orange hath Preamble, engaged to furnish to his Majesty, one ship of sixty guns, one ship of forty-four guns, one ship of thirty six guns, and one Jloop of eighteen gunsy being four of the ships or vessels of war which surrendered to his Majesty's fleets under the command of vice-admiral Mitchell in the Vlieier, on the thirtieth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to be employed under his Majesty* % orders, in such manner and for such time os hath been agreed upon between his Majesty and his serene highness in that behalf: and whereas it is expedient that the Dutch officers to be employed on board the said four ftps or vessels, should be commissioned by his Majesty, and that such officers and also the creivs of the j'aid ships} should have and be entitled to the full benefit of all captures made by themy in the same manner as the officers and crews of his Majesty's ftps: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to and for all such Officers, being

and so many officers, being natives of the seven united provinces, natives of the or of the hereditary states of his serene highness the prince of Orange9 as shall be willing to serve his Majesty, to accept com- accept commissions or letters of service from his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- missions from ccflors, or from persons duly authorised by his Majesty, to gram J}'8 such commissions or letters of service (which said commissions or f^Dutdi letters of service, it shall be lawful for his said Majesty, or any ships which person duly authorised in that behalf to grant) to serve as officers surrendered on board the said four Dutch ships or vessels in the same manner° hi* as is used in respect to officers in his Majesty's naval service; any^Aue 30 law or statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; provided 17995 '3

always,

842. Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. too.

[1800.

but no such always. That no such officer when he shall be reduced, shall be minted lh III enr, t^ to receive half-pay^and that no such officer shall be receive half ^able to any pain, penalty, or forfeiture whatever, for having pay, &c. accepted a commission in his Majesty's service, by reason of his having professed the popish religion, and not having declared the same at the time of his accepting such commission; any thingia any act or ach to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

The officers

II. And be it further enacted, That the officers, seamen, and others on soldiers, and others on board the said four ships or vessels, shall ^ave anc* entitled to prize money, head money, salvage, and entitled to aH other benefit and advantage to accrue from prize, in ill and prize money, every the same Cases, and under the same regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are or may be established for the officers, fenmen, marines, and fr V: iers in and onboard his Majesty's ships of war, whether !u -h prize, money, head money, salvage, or other berefr or advantage shall accrue from captures made lblely by the said four (hi or, r vedcls or any of them, or bj them or any of them incooju. c. \m with any of his Majely's fca or land forces, or with any private ship of war or letter of marque; and that all such captures shall be proceeded again#, and in case of condemnation, he entitled to the like privilege?, and subject to the like rules and; "illations, and also lie appraised and (old in like manner as if they had been made by any of his Majesty's ships; and that the shares cf prize money, head money, and salvage shall become due and payable to the rreaAirer offhe royal hospital at Greenwich, in the like cases and under the like circumstances, in which (bares of prize money, head money, and salvage become due and payable to the same, when the captures or recaptures have been efitted by any of his Majesty's ships of war, and that the agents for appraisements and faks shall be subject and liable to all such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as if they had been agents to any of his Majesty's ships; and that all the penalties and forfeitures above mentioned shall be applied in like manner as if the subject matter had related to the {hip's officers or Teamen of his Majesty, or to the captures made by any such ship's officers or feamcnj afiylawor usage to thfe contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Offences to be*

III. And be it further enacted, That all offences committed tried, as if by an^ officer, seaman, or soldier belonging to any of the said committed by four or vessels, shall be tried'and punished in such

belongln^to manner as the like offences are or ought to be tried and punish-bxs Majesty's ed, when committed by any person belonging to his Majesty's fleet. fleet.

Admiralty

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the shall cause lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commitliORers for the articles executing the office of the lord high admiral of Great Britain for primeVin C l'me bein2> Cal^e the' articles of war mentioned and the Dutch contained In a certain a# of parliament, made and passed in the language; twenty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King Gwp tain o^eaeft" Second, intituled An act for amending, explaining, and um-ship fludf affix !nt0* of par'li<nntnt, the hw relating to the gwmnxnt if

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. ioo. 43

his Majestyt Ships^ vessels^ and forces by [ea, to be translared jn?oac°py°/'.t^ t!ie Dutch language and printed, and a competent number^therein copies thereof to be delivered to the captain or commander of^ cause tj^ each of the said Dutch ships or vessels, which captain or com- same to be mander, as soon as the ship or vessel by him commanded/ shall read over, be put into sea pay, shall cause one of the said printed copies to be hung up and affixed to the most publick place of such ship or vessel, and the same to be constantly kept up and renewed, and from time to time read over in the presence of the officers and seamen of such ship or vessel, in the same manner as is used on board his Majesty's ship?.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That on every Number of court martial for the trial of any Dutch officer, Teaman, or soldier Dut<£ belonging to any of the said four Dutch ships or vessels, three courtimte a Dutch officers of the rank or denomination of a captain or com- court martial, mander belonging to the said ships, if so many of such officers

shall then be present at the port or place where such court martial shall be held, and can attend on such court martial, shall fit, and in every respect ad as members at such court martial; and rf so many of such Dutch officers of such rank as aforesaid, shall not be present, or cannot attend on such court martial, then so many (less than three) as shall be present and can attend as aforesaid,

shall fit and ad as members of such court martial: provided always, That the whole number of the members of any such court martial, including such Dutch officers as aforesaid, who shall so fit and ad, shall not, in any case, exceed thirteen; and that the like excuses shall be allowed to any of such Dutch officers for not fitting at such court martial, as is allowed to officers in his Majesty's service* and in case no such Dutch officer shall be present as aforesaid, or can attend on such court martial, then such court martial shall consist of such number of British officers*as by the law and usage of the British navy would constitute or be entitled to fit at any court martial held for the trial of any persons serving in the British navy.

VI. And whereas an agreement has been signed, by his Majesty's commands, between his serene highness the prince fiadtholder and the right honourable lord Grenville, one of his Majestfs principal secretaries of state, for receiving into his Majesty's pay and service a body of troops not exceeding six thousand men, cenfijitng of natives of the seven united provinces, or of subjects of the hereditary Jlates of his serene highness the prince of Orange as aforesaid: and whereas it is expedient to enable his Majesty to fulfil the team of the said agreement, and to make provision for the due regulation and government of the said troops \ be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for Natives of the such persons who are natives of the seven united provinces, or are subjects of the hereditary dates of his serene highness the prince may accept of Orangey as shall be willing to serve his Majesty, to enlist as commissiona soldiers, and to accept commissions or letters of service, to serve from his Maas officers or engineers, from his Majesty, his heirs and successors, ^es 1$?*or or from any persons duly authorised by his Majesty, to grant such engineers, to commissions or letters of service, which commissions and letters fulfil the

of agreement

S44 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 100. [1800.

for receiving of service, it shall be lawful for his said Majesty, or for any person

6, 000 Dutch July authorised in that behalf as aforesaid to grant: provided

his Majesty's a > That no such officer when he shall be rduced, shall be 1

service. entitled to receive half pay: provided nevertheless, That when,

No such offi- smy such officer shall be rendered incapable of military service, 1

cer, when re- by wounds or infirmities, contrafted while he shall be discharging

duced shall his military duty during the period of his continuing to serve 2$

half pay*C but °ccr under the provisions of this act; then and in such if rendered case, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to make such provision incapable of for such officer as he shall think proper and necessary, so that service while such provision shall in no case exceed the half pay of the rank in hi/duty^his ^ritlfl) service, fnnilar to what such officer mall have held at Ma?efly may the time of becoming so incapable as aforesaid: provided also,

provide for That no such person as aforesaid shall be liable to any pain, pe- I

him, &c. nalty, or forfeiture whatever, for having accepted any such commission, or inlisted as a soldier in any such regiment as / aforesaid, by reason of his having professed the popish religion, 1 and not having declared the same at the time of his infilling.

His Majesty

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it (baJl ftlcS troops lawful for his Majesty, in every case Where he shall deem it to Great Bri- necessary or expedient, to bring any such troops as aforesaid, to

tain for i en- any port or place in Great Britain for the purpose of rendezvous,

dezvous, 6cc. or with a view to operations abroad, and also to land such troops

in any part of Great Britain for health or exercise, so that there shall not be, within this kingdom, more in the whole than fix.thousand men at any one time; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided nevertheless, That such f troops shall not, excepting during their march from one part of, Great Britain to another, be stationed at any greater distance* from the sea coast than twenty miles: provided also, That such; troops shall in no case be billetted or quartered, either during

' their march or otherwise, but shall be encamped or stationed in I barracks, as may be most expedient.]

Officers and

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such officers and soldiers shall soldiers aforesaid reflectively shall, whilst in his Majesty's service of as aforefei<^ he febje£k and liable to such articles of war as his war eltat£ Majesty shall think fit to establish for the better government of Jiftied by his such forces, and for bringing offenders against the fametojuf-' Majesty, &c. rice; and for constituting courts martial, with power to try, hear, and determine any crimes or offences by such articles of war, and inflict penalties by sentence or judgement of the same: provided always, That no officer shall, by such articles of war, be subject to any punishment extending to life or limb, for any crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by an act of this session of parliament, (intituled An act for puniJIjing mutiny and deserti on y and for the better payment of the army and their quarters)) nor for such crimes as are expressed to be so punishable in the said act, in any manner, or under any regulations which Hull not accord with the provisions of the said act: provided also. That every person who shall be enlisted as a soldier under the authority of this act, shall be attested in such manner as his Majesty

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. ioi — 105. 845

Majesty shall direct by such articles of war, and not other* ife; and that such officers and soldiers respectively shall take such oath for their fidelity, during their continuance in his Majesty's service, as his Majesty shall in like manner dire#, and no other.

IX. And be it further ena&eci. That this a ft shall be in force, Continuance and have continuance during the term of the said agreements of aft. respectively signed by his Majesty's commands between his serene highness the prince stadtholder and the right honourable lord Grenville, and from the end thereof to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. Cl.

An act to give further time for the payment, on the conditions therein mentioned, of instalments, on certain loans advanced to the house of Alexander Houston and company, to Charles Act well esq; and to William Johnstone esq; being person connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, — [July a8, 1800.]

CAP. CII.

An act for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills for the iiervice of the year one thousand eight hundred.

[July »8, 1800.]

Cap. cm.

An act for raising the sum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred — [July8, 1800.]

CAP. CIV.

An act for raising the further sum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service for the year one thousand eight hundred. —

[July 28, 1800.]

CAP. CV.

An act for the better regulating the practice, and for preventing delays in the proceedings of the court of common pleas at Lancaster.

[July 28, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many delays and difficulties exist in the praRice of the court of common pleas at Lancaster, in and for the county palatine of Lancaster, by reason that the commencement and continuance of suits and proceedings in the said court have relation to the times of the tejle of the original writs whereupon such suits and proceedings are grounded, and to the affixes at which such writs are returnable, and at or of which such suits and proceedings are inroiled or recorded, and also by reason of the want of more freequent days of return of writs of inquiry of damages and Scire facias, and of judicial procefsy iffiuing out of the same court; for remedy whereof may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpritual and temporal, and

common?,

846

Plaintiffs or defendants

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 105. [1860.

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

ni!an}s.authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of thil

give evince 11 anc* may be to an'^ for anT plaintiff or

of any cause plaintiffs, defendant or defendants respectively, in any personal

suit or action, or any action of trespass and ejectment hereafter

to be depending in the said court, to declare upon, plead, and

hi Unprovided g, ve evidence of any cause or causes of action, or any matter or the lame shall thing, matters or things, in bar or preciufion of any such suit

happ.-n prior or action, or any other matters or things whatsoever, provided

to thenhnag t|ie same Hiail have accrued or happened, or shall hereafter

o t e wijt of accrue or hapnen prior to the day of the aiSual fining and Cqr.as ad re-._.. r r, v ., 3 6 i-

fpondtMvium, muing of the writ of Capias ad rejpondemum^ or other process,

&c. or prior first actually issued forth in such personal suit or action, or prior

to the thy of to the day of the actual serving of any declaration or declarations

a|du)1' deVh-n any f°ch a^Y'on of trespass and ejectment, notwithstanding

ration, not- such cause or causes of action, matters or things, shall or may

withstanding not have accrued prior to the teste and return of the original

the cause of*Writ or wtits whereupon or whereby such suit or action is or

have accrued be, e'r^er rca^Y w by ficbon of law, grounded or war-

prior to the ranted, or prior to the assizes or time wherein or whereof such return of the declaration or declarations is or are, or shall or may be filed and oiiginalwrit, recorded; and that no advantage shall be taken by reason of any such cause or causes of action, matters or things as afore-

T° ac*y, n[a£e said, having accrued or being dated to have accrued subsequent by reaffm oi to l^e rci^te am* return of such original writ or wiits, orfubfe* any action quest to the assizes or other the time last above mentioned, or havingaccrued any of them, by or upon demand of oyer of any original writ, subsequent to pjea in abatement, demurrer to any pleading or pleadings, de-fu^ot^iehial murrcr to evidence, bill of exceptions, writ of error, or any writ, &c. other process or proceedings whatsoever.

Process issuing H* And be it further enacted, That, from and after the puffing out of court of this act, any Writ or writs of inquiry of damages, Sure facing may he re- and any judical or other process whatsoever herealrer to be issued cordhi^oThe ^ort^ and out f2me court In any action or suit hereafter

prefenfprac-^depending in the said-court, (except such process as may, tice, or on any according to the present course and practice of the said court), of the return be made returnable on the first Wednesday of any month, shall and MT^had-1^ anc^ may awafdcd5 made, and issued forth returnable either mas terms, " upon or at the several days and times whereupon the same may according to now be made returnable respectively, according to the present the court of course and practice of the said courr, or returnable on any of the coininon pleas return days iri Easter and Michaelmas terms respectively, accord-

atWcltir.m. /*r r i HiI n e r; ,

lUr Sec. ing to the course °* "is Majesty's court of common pleas at Westminster; and that such writs may be proceeded upon, and judgement entered, and execution issued thereon, tested on the returns of such writs of inquiry, or Scire facias, or judicial process, in such and the like manner as if the same had been made returnable at the preceding session, of assizes of the said county palatine.

III. Provided always, That no final judgement be entered, or execution hTued, within the space'often days next after the

of action, or any tiling in bar of any

No final iin '-vment to be filtered or

CXf l Ut M)|l

10ued within 10 days after

1800.] Anno regni quad raged mo Georgii III. c. 106. 847

the dav of the return of any such writof inquiry of damages or day of the Scire facias^ made returnable under the authority of this act, writof\nu^rr exclusive of the day of such return and the day of entering such or Sci^e facial final judgement, or issuing forth of such execution. &c.

IV. And provided always, That nothing herein contained Parties not

shall be construed to debar any party or parties from moving debarred from in arrest of judgement, or bringing a writ of error, in the fame arre*J

manner as*be or they might have done before the making of°*JU ficmcn this act.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Proceedings aft contained shall alter, vary, or affjft any proceedings in anycommc"°*l action already commenced, and now depending in the said

court of common pleas at Lancaster.

[Publick act.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. CVI.

An act to repeal an at7, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen; and to fuhflitute other proviftom in lieu thereof — [July 299 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to explain and amend an act passed in the thirty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen; 39 Geo. 1. e. be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by Si, repealed, and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing comtwfts of this act, the said act shall be repealed $ and that all comrafts, entered°imo covenants, and agreements whatsoever, in writing or not in for obtaining writing, at any time or times heretofore made or entered into an advance of by or between any journeymfcn manufacturers or other persons wages, alter-within this kingdom, for obtaining an advance of wages of them*of or any of them, or any other journeymen manafufturers or ing, decreasing workmen, or other persons in any manufacture, trade, or bufi- the quantity ness, or for lessen^ng or altering their or any of their usual hours work, &c. or time of working, or for decreasing the quantity of work, (fsve tr^Setweea and except any contract made or to be made between any master matters and and his journeyman or manufacturer, for or on account of the men) shall be work or service of such journeyman or manufacturer with whom such contract may be made), or for preventing or hindering any person or persons from employing whomsoever he, she, or they shall think proper to employ in hi* her, or their manufacture, trade, or business, or for controlling or anyway aflfefting any person or persons carrying on any manufacture, trade, or business, in the conduct or management thereof, shall be and Voi.XLII. In the

84S

Every workman, after passing this act, who shall be guilty of any such offence, shall be committed to the corn-men gaol, or the house of correction;

as also any workman entering into any combination for advancing wages, &c. or who shall endeavour to prevent any workman from hiring himself, or prevail on him td quit his employ, or who shall hinder any master froth employing any person, or without rea-fonabU cause shall refuse to work with any other workman;

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 106. [1800.

the same are hereby declared to be illegal, null, 'and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That no journeyman, workman, or other person shall at any time after the passing of this act make or enter into, or be concerned in the making of or entering into any such contract, covenant, or agreement, in writing or not in writing, as is herein-before declared to bean illegal covenant, contract, or agreement; and every journeyman and workman or other person who, after the passing of this act, shall be guilty of any of the said offences, being thereof lawfully convicted, upon his own confession, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any two justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place where such offence shall be committed, (which oath either of such justices is hereby authorised and empowered to administer in such case, and in all other cases where an oath is to be taken before any justices of the peace in pursuance of this act), within three calendar months next after the offence shall have been committed, shall, by order of such justices, be committed to and confined in the common gaol within his or their jurisdiction, for any time not exceeding three calender months, or at the discretion of such justices shall be committed to same house of correction within the same jurisdiction, there to remain and to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

III. And be it further enacted, That every journeyman or workman, or other person, who shall at any time after the passing of this act enter into any combination to obtain an advance of wages, or to lessen or alter the hours or duration of the time of working, or to decrease the quantity of work, or for any other purpose contrary to this act, or whb shall, by giving money, or by persuasion, felicitation, or intimidation, or any other means, wilfully a^d maliciously endeavour to prevent any unhired or unemployed journeyman Or workman, or other person, in any manufacture, trade, or business, or any other person wanting employment-in such roanufacture, trade, or business, from hiring himself to any manufacturer, or tradesman, or person conducing any manufacture, trade, or business, or who shall, for thepurpoie of obtaining an advance of wages, «or for any other purpose contrary to the provisions of this act, wilfully and maliciously decoy, persuade, solicit, intimidate, influence, or prevail, or attempt or eftdeavour to prevail, on any journeyman or workman* or other person hired or employed, or to be hired or employed in any such mamtfadlure, trade, or business, to quit or leave his work, service, or employment, or who shall wilfully and maliciously hinder or prevent any manufacturer or tradesman, or 01 her person, from employing in hifc or her manufacture, trade, or business; such journeymen, workmen; and other person s as he ^or7 she 'shall think proper, or who, being hired or employed, (half, Without ahyjuft or reasonable cause, rcfofc to -' work

180:

worl hirti oft!' of 0 juJl tov.'l thre com and dicti

othe

farm

for;

r

fl?/C

mar,

eve

any

attc

enti

dec

ing,

by 1

noti

or

wor

or!

denr

mat

or 1

othi

mar

com

«r, te

fur:

bin;

oft,

or n

tl'c; P^c.eft ter; ,

in tr

' to rem;

V

T:

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. ro6. 849

: " work with any other journeyman or workman employed or

..hired to work therein, and who shall be lawfully convicted of any

of the said offences, upon his own cpnfcflyon, or the oath or oaths J of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any two r ju^, ccs !^e Peace for county, riding, division, city, liberty* v ff town, or p'ace, where such offence shall be committed, within V; rf three calendar months next after the offence shall have been 1 ' v committed, shall, by order of such justices, be committed to: ^and be confined in the common gaol within his or their jurisdiction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months; or; ! otherwise be committed to some house of correction within the'; 'rT*same jurisiliction, there to remain and to be kept to hard labour f for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

IV. jfnd for the more effectual suppreffort of all combinations

*mon?fl journeymen, workmen, and other persons employed in any

' manufacture, trade or bufmess, be it further enacted, That all and and also all

oi- f every persons and person whomsoever, (whether employed in persons who:; ^any such manufacture, trade, or bufmess, or not), who shall shall attend N^attend any meeting had or held for the purpose of making or fo/tfopuroofe i; :*1 entering into any contract, covenant, or agreement, by this act of making;

declared to be illegal, or of entering into, supporting, maintain- any such coii-x^ing, continuing, or carrying on any combination for any purpose tra#> or who J;: .#by this a# declared to be illegal, or who shall summons, give o^en^eav^ur* notice to, call upon, persuade, entice, folicir, or by intimidation, to jncj, lce any or any other means, endeavour to induce any journeyman, journeyman r-rr* workman, or oth^r person employed in any manufacture, trade, to attend any; IJri*or bufmess, to attend any such meeting, or who shall collect, or Cwh^elhtall^,

-s 1 demand, act;, or receive any sum of money from any such journey- CouC(^ an

.^jJman, workman, or other person, for any of the purposes aforesaid, money, &c. .*or who shall persuade, ertice, solicit, or by intimidation, or any'vother means, endeavour to induce any such journeyman, work-/^man, or other person to enter into or be concerned in any such ^combination, or who shall pay any sum of money, or make or " Renter into any subscription or contribution, for or towards the ^rsupport or encouragement of any such illegal meeting or combination, and who shall be lawfully convicted of any of the said '^offences, upon his own confefTion, or the oath or oaths of one .; or more credible witness or witnesses, before any two justices of '^, vthe peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, dr -.-place where such offence shall be committed, within three

calendar months next after the offence shall have been commit-dp ted, shall, by order of such justices, be committed to and confined dtJn the common gaol within his or their jurisdiction, for any time^not exceeding three calendar months, or otherwise be committed

to some house of correction within the same jurisdieftion, there to'/remain and be kent to hard labour for aity time not exceeding k:

two calendar months.*', ":

V. And be it further enacted, That no perfort (whether Not*rfbn_

employed as a journeyman or workman in any manufacture, 5°ntT1* trade* or business, or not) shall at any time after the passing of eXp|!nc£g this a# wilfully pajrorgive any sum of: money as a subscription incurred for

11X2

850 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 106. [1800.

tot hi 8 or or contribution for the purpose of paying expences incurred or

towards the to incurrcj by any person or persons a ding contrary to the pc?son to*provisions of this aby payment of money, or other means, inducehimnot support or maintain any journeyman, workman, or other person, 1 to work, on or contribute towards his support or maintenance, for the purpefe exceedm8r°iol educing hint to refuse to work, or to be hired or employe! and any personn any manufacture, trade, or business; and every person, who, collecting shall be guilty of any such offence shall forfeit and lose any fun money for not exceeding the (urn often pounds; and every journeyman, Sail Forfeit*8' workman» and other person, who shall collect or receive any not exceeding money or valuable thing for any of the purposes aforesaid, fluii 5b one moiety forfeit and lose any sum not exceeding the sum of five pounds; (ud to his Majesty, penalties of ten pounds and five pounds respectively to be forfeited, 'to theiiffomcr ODC mo, ety h*s Majesty, and the other moiety to the informer and the poor and the poor of the panto where such offence has been coro-,] of the parish. mitted, to be equally divided between them; and all and every Offences shall of the said offences shall be heard and determined in a summarj be determined way, before two justices of the peace for the county, riding, way before* division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offence two justices shall be committed, and the conviction for the same maybe who shall fix had and made upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible thCjpenalty, witness or witnessfes; and the amount of the forfeiture or penalty !h^llcause^d, ^or cvei7 °ffence stall he fixed and determined by such to be levied by justices, but not exceeding the several sums herein-before men-distrefe, and if tioned; and in case any such forfeiture or penalty shall not be not to be had, forthwith paid pursuant to such conviction, such justices shall,] Xe^ffcndcr1 ty warrant under their hands, cause the same to be levied by to^he common distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, together gaol or house with all costs and charges attending such distress and sale; sod, ofcorre&ion. in case no sufficient distress can be had, such justices shall, by warrant under their hands, commit the offender to the common ' gaol within his or their jurisdiction, there to remain, without f bail or mainpriae, for any time not exceeding three calendar: months nor less than two calendar months; or otherwise, attic discretion of such justices, to some house of correction with, their jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard labour (or any time not exceeding two calendar months. mS^ivided^or

VI. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money which three months at any time heretofore have been paid or given as a fuUcripdoa after passing or contribution for or towards any of the purposes prohibited this act, and shall, for the space of three calendar months ait future* ^ter Pang th*s remain undivided in the hands oi contribution any treasurer, collector, receiver, trustee, agent, or other per* for the like son, or placed out at interest, and all sums of money which purposes, one shall at any time after the passing of this act, be paid or given.Ma'e^y^nd* as a subscription or contribution for or towards any of the the^other to purposes prohibited by this act, shall be forfeited, one moiety the person thereof to his Majesty, and the other moiety to such person as who shall sue will foc for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at for the same. jVeJlminster y and any treasurer, collector, receiver, trustee, agent, or other person ip whose hands or in whose name any such sum

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 106. 851

of money shall be, or shall be placed out, or unto whom the same shall have been paid or given, shall and may be sued for the same as forfeited as aforesaid.

VII. And^ for the better discovery of all sums of money which have been or shall be paid or given by way of subscription or contribution for any purpose prohibited by this be it further enacted,

That all and every the persons and person who shall or may be Persons liable liable by virtue of this act to be sued for the same, shall beto be sued for obliged and compellable to answer upon oath to any information ^oney^shall which shall or may be preferred against them or him in any t, c obliged to court of equity, by or in the name of his Majesty's attorney answer on general on the part of his Majesty, or at the relation of any to a.n/ informer, for discovering the sum and sums of money so paid preferred011 or given for any of the prohibited purposes aforesaid, and such £gainst them, court shall and may make such orders and decrees therein as to such court shall seem just, and no person shall demur to or refuse to answer such information by reason of any penalty or forfeiture to which such person may be liable in consequeacc of any discovery which may be fought thereby.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon payment into the court in which such information shall be filed of all the court of the money paid or given unto any such treasurer, collector, receiver, moneyremain. frustee, agent, or other person for any of the prohibited purposes ingin the aforesaid, and remaining in his hands at the time of filing such !j^"fonatthJ informations, and upon making a full discovery of all the [j^ of fjjing securities in or upon which all such money which shall not be information so remaining in his hands shall have been placed out or inverted, a?d making the person or persons paying such money into court and making such discovery shall be acquitted and discharged from all for- Upon which feitures and penalties which shall or may have been incurred other monies by him or them by reason of having collected or received such shall have been money, or otherwise a<sted concerning the same, and from all actions and other suits respecting the same by any person or be'discharged persons whomsoever, any statute, law, or usage, or any thing from penalty, in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not- No person withstanding; nor shall any person be liable to any forfeiture liable to or penalty or to any prosecution whatsoever, for or in respect of Pena*tJr ^or any sum of money which such person shall discover to have been <$coer^to paid, received, or given by any answer to 3ny such information have becu as aforesaid. paid, by any

IX. And be further enacted, That all and every performs and n"

person who shall or may offend against this act, shall and may, r 10 equally with all other persons, be called upon and compelled to^com^Hed^ give his or her testimony and evidence, as a witness or witnesses togiveevi-on behalf of his Majesty, or of the prosecutor or informer, upon dence, and shall any information to be made or exhibited under this aeft against be indemnified any other person or persons, not being such witness or witnesses c^tion^for any as aforesaid; and that in all such cases, every person having matterrela-given his or her testimony or evidence as aforesaid shall be and tive to their hereby is indemnified of, from, and against any information to testimony. be laid, or prosecution to be commenced against him or her

85. Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 106. [1800.

for having offended in the matter wherein or relative 1

which he, she, or they shall have given ttftimony or evidence'as aforesaid.

X. And, for the more effectually enforcing and carrying into ext-Justices may cution the proviftom of this at7, be it further enacted, That on, fu"in\ond, complaint and information on oath before any one or more \ on^hefrnot11 ju^, ce or justices of the peace, of any offence having been com* appearing, or milted against this act, within his or their respective jurisdictions, in the firit such justice or justices are hereby autl.orised and required to instance, may summon the person. or persons charged with being an offender for thefr731118 or Renders against this act, to appear before any two such apprehension, justices, at a certain time or, place to be specified, and if any and on their person or persons so summoned shall not appear according to appearing, or such summons, then such justices (proof on oath having been their1 abscond-mac*e before them or him of the due service of such ing, may summons upon such person or persons, by delivering the same \ convifl: or to him or them personally, or leaving the fameathisor their acquit the ufua] place of abode, provided the same shall be so left twenty* parties. four ^ours at the least before the time which shall be appointed to attend the said justices upon such summons) shall make and issue their or his warrant or warrants for apprehending the person or persons so summoned and not appearing as aforesaid, and bringing him or them before such juriices, or it shall be 1 lawful for such justices, if they shall think fit, without iiliiing any previous summons, 3nd instead of issuing the same, upon such complaint and information on oath as aforesaid, to make and issue their warrant or warrants for apprehending the person: or persons by such information charged to h.ive offended again/! ( this act, and bringing him or them before such justices; and.upon the person or persons complained asainst appearing upon j such summons, or being brought by virtue of such warrantor j warrants before such justices, or upon proof on oirn of such f person or persons absconding, so that such warrant or warrants I cannot be executed, then such justices shall, and they are hereby t| authorised and required forthwith to make enquiry touching the matters complained of, and to examine into the same, by lit oath or oaths of any credible persons, as shall be requisite, ani to hear and determine the matter of every such complaint, aid upon confession by the party, or proof by one or more credible witness or witnesses, upon oath, to convict or acquit the party or parties against whom complaint shall have been m as aforesaid.

Justices may

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

StnTffcs and justices of the peace before whom any such complaint and for non-information shall be made as aforesaid, and they are hereby,

appearance or authorised and required, at the request in writing of any or the

i*efufM to give parties, to issue his or their summons to any witne/s or witnesses

to appear and give evidence before such justices at the time and commit them., rr - jr i 3.. r,

place appointed for nearing and determining such complaint,

and which time and place shall be specified in such summoos;

and if any person or persons so summoned to appear as a wiuids

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo GEO"RGH IILc. i©6. vgj

or witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear before such justices at the time and place Specified in such summons, or offer fom^ reasonable excuse for the default, or appearing according to such Summons, shall not Submit to be examined as a witnclsor wit-Destes, and give his or their evidence before such justices touching the matter of such complaint, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such justices, and they are hereby authorised, (proof on oath in the case of any person not appearing according to such Summons having been tirft made before such justice or justices of the due service of such summons 'on every such person, by delivering the same to him or her, or by leaving the same twenty four hours before the tio>e appointed for such person to appear before such justices, at the usual place of abode of such person), by warrant under the hands of such justices, to commit such person or persons fp making default in appearing, or appearing and refusing to give evidence, to some prison within the jurisdiction of such justices, there to

remain without bail or mainprize, until such person or persons shall Submit himself, herself, or themselves to be examined, and give his, her, or their evidence before such justices as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the justices before Canvictions

whom any person or persons shall be convicted of any offence anci commit-against this act, or by whom any person shall be committed up in

to prison for not appearing as a witness, or not Submitting to the form in be examined, shall cause all such convictions, and the warrants the firit sche*

or orders for such commitment to be drawn up in the form, dule.

or to the effect set forth in the first schedule tp this act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the justices before ConviSHoni

whom any such conviction shall be had, shall cause the same to bCjran[l

(drawn up in the form or to the effect here in-before directed) ^x^general* to be fairly written on parchment, and transmitted to the next or quarter general sessions or general quarter sessions of the peace to be sessions to be holden for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or

place wherein such conviction was had, to be hied and kept the

amongst the records of the said general sessions or general justicesshall quarter sessions; and in case any person or persons shall appeal, then proceed in manner herein after mentioned, from the judgement octo heai'it. the said justices to the said general sessions or general quarter

sessions, the justices in such general sessions or general quarter

sessions, are hereby required, upon receiving such conviction, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, according to the directions of this act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing inAdlnotto

this act contained shall extend, or be construed, to extend, to now

repeal, take away, or abridge the powers and authorities given given by law to any justice or justices of the peace in and by any act or acts to justices of parliament heretofore made and now in force touching any touching^ combinations of manufacturers, journeymen, -or workmen, or ^anufac11^ for. settling and adjusting disputes or differences between masters turcrSj &c#j and their journeymen, workmen, or other persons employed

nor to cm-power manu-fasturers to

8^4 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 106. [1800.

by them in any manufacture, trade, or business, or the rate or amount of wages to be paid to such journeymen, workmen, or other persons, or the mode or time of their working or being employed, or the quantity of work to be done, or touching am matter whatsoever also provided for by this act; but that ill justices of the peace shall continue to use, exercise, and ecute all the powers and authorities given to them in and bj such acts of parliament, or any of them, in such and the same manner as they could or might have done if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to atithorise or empower any person or persons carrying on any employ work- manufacture, trade, or bunness, to employ therein any journeymen contrary man or workman contrary to the regulations and provisiooi lk>ns nowin' conta>nc^ >n an7 act or a«s of parliament which hath or have force forre- heretofore made, and is and are now in force, for settling,

gulating the regulating, or directing the manner or method of conducing, conduct of any managing or carrying on any particular manufacture, trade, or m^ufhfture business> or the wor^ or forvice of the persons employed therein, without9without the previous licence and consent in writing, of ooe licence from a justice of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, justice, who town, or place in which such manufacture, trade, or bufinds

on, expressing the cause or reason of giving or ever the ordi- granting the same; which licence it shall be lawful for one such nary coorfe of justice to grant whenever the qualified journeymen or workmen the manufec- usually employed in any manufacture, trade, or business, shall refuse to work therein for reasonable wages, or to work for any particular person or persons, or to work with any particular persons, or shall, by refusing to work, for any cause whatsoever, or by misconducting themselves when employed to work, in any manner impede or obstruct the ordinary course of any manufacture, trade, or business, or endeavour to injure the person or persons carrying on the same.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no justice of the peace, being also a mailer in the particular trade or manufacture in or concerning which any offence is charged to have been committed under this act, shall act as such justice under this act; any thing herein contained, or any former statute, law, irsage, or custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That all contracts, covenants, and agreements whatsoever, in writing or not in writing, made or to be made by or between any matters or other persons, for reducing the wages of work-tb^rfoni» men, or for adding to or altering the ufeal hours or time of the working* or for increasing the quantity of work, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and all and every such mailers, being thereof lawfully convicted by the oath or oaths of oar or more credible witness or witne&s, before any two

justices

ture is obstructed.

No mailer in the trade in which any offence is charged to h-ive been committed shall act as a justice under this act.

All contracts between matters or

workmen or for altering the ufuaj hours of working, or increasing the

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 106. 855

justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, quantity of liberty, town or place, where such offence shall have beenwcfjr.k»* committed, within three calendar months next after the offence a(UrJ*Con-shall have been commited, shall forfeit and lose the sum ofvifted thereof twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the shall forfeit other moiety in equal shares to the informer and the poor of the ^.ncto parish where such offence has been committed; and in case any jjfaje/y, and such forfeiture or penalty shall not be forthwith paid pursuant the other to to f*ch conviction, such justices shall, by warrant under their the informer hands cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the a"c]tllc offender's goods and chattels, together with all costs and which may^ charges attending such distress and sale; and in case no be levied bf sufficient distress can be had, such justices shall, by warrant diitreft, aul under their hands, commit the offender to the common gaol or some house of correction within their jurisdictTion, for may any time not exceeding three calendar months nor less than two mitted*, calendar months.

XVIII. And whereas it will be a great convenience and advantage to masters and workmen engaged in manufactures, that a cheap and summary mode be established for settling all disputes that may arise between them respecting wages and work\ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of Deputes August in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, in all cases that shall or may arise within that part of Great Britain w men may called England, where the masters and workmen cannot agree be settled by respecting the price or prices to be paid for work actually arbitration, done in any manufacture, or any injury or damage done or alledged to have been done by the workmen to the work, or respecting any delay or supposed delay of the part of the workmen in nnishing the work, or the not nnishing such work in a good and workman-like manner, or according to any contract; and in all cases of dispute or difference, touching any contract or agreement for work or wages between masters and workmen in any trade or manufacture, which cannot be otherwise mutually adjusted and settled by and between them, it shall and may be, and it is hereby declared to be lawful for such masters and workmen between whom such dispute or difference shall arise as aforesaid, or either of them, to demand and have an arbitration or reference of such matter or matters in dispute; and each of them is hereby authorised and empowered forthwith to nominate and appoint an arbitrator for and on his respective part and behalf, to arbitrate and determine such matter or matters in dispute as aforesaid by writing, subscribed by him in the presence of and attested by one witness, in the form expressed in the second schedule to this a#, and to deliver the same personally to the other party, or to leave the same for him it his usual place of abode, and to require the other party to name an arbitrator in like manner within two days after such reference to arbitration shall have been so demanded; a id such arbitrators ib appointed as aforesaid, after they shall have accepted and taken upon them the bufinefe of the said arbitration, are hereby

v jCfoQLe

8$6 Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. io6, [1800.

hereby authorised and required to summon before them, and examine upon oath the parties and their witnessesf (which oath the said arbitrators are hereby authorised and required 10 administer according to the form set forth in the second febeduk to this act), and forthwith to proceed to hear and determioe the complaints of the parties, and the matter or matters indifpuic between them; and the award to be made by such arbitrators If arbitrators within the time herein after limited, shall in all cases be final shall not and conclusive between the parties; but in case such arbitrators matter wkhin appointec* not 3grec to decide such matter or matters in three days dispute, so to be referred to them as aforesaid, and shall not Duke after submif- and sign their award within the space of three days after the fjon to their signing of the submission to their award by both parties,

party^may^at t*ien lt ^or Part'es or e^cr fee to

require thenr require such arbitrators forthwith and without delay to go before to co before and attend upon one of his Majesty's justices of the peace acting and state to a and for the county, riding, city, liberty, division, or place points in^lif- w^1*6 ^ch dispute shall happen and be referred, and state to ference, who such justice the points in difference between them the bid shall finally arbitrators, which points in difference the said justice shall determine and is hereby authorised and required to hear and determine, the same, and for that purpose to examine the parties and their witnesses, upon oath, if he shall think fit; which determination of such*justice shall be made and signed within the space of three dajs after the expiration of the time hereby allowed the arbitrators to make and sign their award, and shall be final and conclusive Persons sum- between the parties so differing as aforesaid; and if either of -ncd, ^. the said parties or their respective witnesses, having been duly attend the summoned, shall neglect or refuse to attend such arbitrators at arbitrators or the time and place by them for that purpose appointed, it (hill rcfufitig to be and may be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty's justices maTbe^com Peace acting m and for the county, riding, city, liberty,

mitted by a" divssion, township, or place, where such dispute shall happen, justice; and he or they are hereby required, upon proof on oath being made before him or them of the service of such summons personally, and also upon the like proof of the neglect or refusal of such person to attend the said arbitrators in pursuance of such summons, (unless a reafcmable excuse be made for such non* attendance to the satisfaction of such justice or justices), to issue his <pr their warrant under his or their hand or hands for the apprehending and bringing such person before him or them; and if any such person so being brought before such justice or justices shall still refuse to be examined, or to give his or their testimony before such arbitrators touching the premises, such person so refusing shall be by the said justice or justices committed to the house of correction within his or their jurisdiSion, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until he or she shall submit to be examined before the arbitrators touching the premises aforesaid, or until the time for making an award bj such arbitrators shall be expired.

r"., I ibtm

r; - J:; ai

1

in

*?i r; .:

?: .£

j

: 3

: 2ii 5 r; t X*

-J.

'; J

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 106. 857

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if but the parties the parties who shall have signed any submission to arbitration, ^yt^tend shall think it expedient; or be minded and desirous, to extend PniitcTfor the time hereby limited for the making the award or umpirage, making

it shall and may be lawful for them to extend the lame award, accordingly, by indorsement on the back of such submission, to be signed by both of them in the presence of one or more credible witness or witoelles; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Xon to arbi-

submission to such arbitration, and the award or umpirage to be tration and made thereon, shall and maybe drawn up and written at the foot the award, of such submission, upon unstamped paper, in the respev5live ma71)6 °*} forms or to the effect set forth in the second schedule to this the

act; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in form in the anywise notwithstanding. second sche-

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That there dule*

shall in all cases be written or engrossed two parts of the ^nve submission to arbitration, one for each of the parties subscribing ^the^ubnnf-the same. r, fion.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, u an arbitra-That in every case of dhpute or difference between any such bon be de-masters and workmen in such trade or manufacture as aforesaid,

if an arbitration shall be demanded, and the submission thereto.signed an<i signed, and an arbitrator therein named by either of the said an arbitrator parties, and the other or others of them shall refule or negletf named by to sign the said submission, and appoint his or their arbitrator within the time herein-before limited for that purpose, the jjiau rc'ufcto party or parties so neglecting or refusing to sign the said sign theiub-submission, or to appoint his or their arbitrator as aforesaid, million and shall, each and every of them* if more than one, on conviction aPP°, nt his of every such offence before two or more of his Majesty's ^aij^o^con-justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, vietion, for-or place where such offence shall have been committed, forfeit (enrol, one and lose the sum of ten pounds, one moiety to his Majesty, t^18

and the other moiery to the poor of the parish wherein such theater to offence shall be committed; and in case any such forfeiture or the poor of the penalty shall not be forthwith paid pursuant to such conviction, panih, which such justices shall, by warrant under their hands, cause the same to be le vied by distress; and sale of the offender's goods if not to and chattels, together with aH costs and charges attending such be had the distress and sale; and in case no sufficient distress can be bad, offender may such justices shall, by warrant under their hands, commit chtj Recommitted* offenders to the common gaol or same hoof? of curre&ian within his or their jurisdiction, there to remain, without bail or njainprize, or any time nor exceeding threecaleodar months norless than two if either

calendar months; and if either party shall refuse to do and performparty shall no| what by any such award or umpirage he Ilia)) be directed to doss^reSe^ and perform, and shall be thereof convicted before two or, thC award he more justices of the peace for the county, riding, division^maybecom-

City, fitted*

M

No person guilty in not attending at

a time, or more than two In one day.

Non-resident mailers may

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 106.

[1800# city, liberty, or place where such offence shall be committed* it shall be lawful for such justices, by warrant under their hands, to commit the offender or offenders to' the common gaol or house of correction within his or their jurisdiction, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he shall fully perform such award or umpirage: provided always, That nothing in this more than one act contained shall extend to make any person guilty of any arbitration at 0flfence jrt not attending at more than one arbitration at the

a Mmf. or^.

same time, or more than two arbitrations in one day; and that it shall be lawful, in all cases, for any matter who shall not be actually resident at the time at any place where his trade or manufacture shall be carried on, to authorise any person to act for him in signing submissions to arbitration, and at-fonsto act for tending arbitrators or justices touching the matter of any them. arbitration.

Appeal may

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if be made to any person convicted of any offence or offences puni&able by the general a&f shall think himself 6r herself aggrieved by the judge-

general*quar- ment such justice or justices before whom he or she (hill ter ft (lions, have been convicted, such person shall have liberty to appeal whose decision from every such conviction to the next court of general sessions, shall be final. or general quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place wherein such offence was committed; and that the execution of every judgement so appealed from shall be suspended in case the person so convicted shall immediately enter into recognizance before such justices, (which they are hereby authorised and required to take), himself in the penalty of ten pounds, with two sufficient sureties in the penalty of five pounds each, of lawful money of Great Britain, upon condition to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement and determination of the said next general sessions, or general quarter sessions, and to pay such costs as the said court shall award on such occasion; and the justices in the said next court of general felfion8, or general quarter sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either party, which decision shall be final; and if, upon hearing the said appeal, the judgement of the justice or justices before whom the appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such appellant shall forthwith pay the forfeiture or penalty (if any) mentioned in such conviction, and the costs awarded to be paid by such appellant; and in default of payment thereof, or in case such conviction shall contain a judgement of imprisonment, such appellant shall immediately be committed by the said court to the common gaol or house of correction according to such conviction, and xor the space of time therein mentioned, without bail or main-prize, and also until the payment of such costs as shall be Awarded by the same court to be paid by such appellant.

18

in 1 or

I oi

a(

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 106. 859

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing Ad not to in this act contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, recited

3Ci 38 % !Q MV

or taken to extend, to repeal the said recited act, as to any offence conJ-offence committed, or any penalty or forfeiture incurred, or any mitted, or any act, matter, or thing done or happened before the passing of this penalty in-aft; but that the said recited act shall, as to every such offence, penalty, forfeiture, aft, matter, and thing, be and remain in full ls

force and effect, notwithstanding any thing in this act contained to the contrary; and every such offence shall and may be prosecuted and punished, and every such penalty and forfeiture shall and may be awarded, levied, and recovered, and all proceedings touching any such offence, penalty, forfeiture, act, matter, and thing, shall and may be had under and by virtue of the said recited act, to all intents and purposes, in such and the same manner, and with the like force and effect after the paf&ng of this act, as if the said recited act had remained wholly unrepealed, and in full force and effect, and as if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit °a°f

shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or for any cause, matter, or thing herein contained, such action or suit mall be commenced within three calendar months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give the special General issue. matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have, full costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

FIRST SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of CONVICTION and COMMITMENT.

B'

fE it remembered. That on the day of in the

year of his Majesty's reign, and in the year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before us [naming the justices] two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county [*r, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place] of of having [gating the

offence'] contrary to the statute made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act, [hen f$i forth the title of the alt], and we, the said justices, do hereby order and adjudge the said A.B. for the said offence to be com* mined to and confined in the common gaol for the said county

/Gfegle

86o

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c.io6. [1800.

[priding, divisiion, city, liberty, town, or place] for the space of [or, to be committed to the house of cofireflion at

within the said county [or, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place] there to be kept to hard labour for the space of

Given under our hands the day and year above written.

180

CJ

this

day

*: c

FORM of CONVICTION in a PECUNIARY PENALTY. lj '

BE it remembered. That on [pursuing the same form as fur as the title of this aJl], and we, the said justices, do hereby adjudge and determine the Aid A.B. for the said offence to forfeit and lese the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, and do order the same to be forthwith [ him, [or, her] into our hands, for the use of his Majesty.

Given under [as before].

FORM of COMMITMENT of a person summonedisa WITNESS.

j! fc

n

'i

\ hv K

at tr

WHEREAS C.D. hath been duly summmoned to appear and give evidence before us [naming the juff ices who issuti the summons], two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county [or riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place] of

on this day of at being

the time and place appointed for hearing and determining the complaint made on the oath of [the informer or prosecutor] before us, against A.B. of having \Jiating the offence\ as laid in (be information] contrary to the statute made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An afi> [here irsfert she title of the act]: and whereas the said C.D. hath not appeared before us at the time and place aforesaid specified for that purpose, or < ffered any reasonable excuse for his [or her] default, [0/-, and whereas the said C.D. having appeared before us at the time and place aforesaid specified for that purpose, hath not submitted to be examined as a witness, and give his [or her] evidence before us, touching the matter of the said complaint, but hath refofed lo to do]: therefore we the said justices do hereby, in pursuance of the said statute, commit the said C.D. to the [describing the prison], there to remain, without bail or mainprize for his [or her] contempt aforesaid, until he [or (he] shall submit himself [or herself] to be examined and give hrs [or her] evidence before us touching the matter of the said complaint, or shall otherwise be discharged by due course of law; and you the [constable, or other peace officer or off ten to whom the warrant is directed] are hereby authoris'd and required to take info your custody the body of the said C D snd him her] safely to convey to the Aid prifnn, and hun [or her] there to deliver to the gaoler or keeper thereof, who is hereby amkorised and required to receive into his custody the body of the hid

G D.

i

V!

t

I

u

I

I

1800.] Anno regn} quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 106.

G* -0, and him [or her] safely to detain and keep, pucfuant to this commitment. Given under our hands this day of in the year of our Lord

[ This commitment to be directed to the proper peace officer, and the gaoler or keeper of the prison.]

SECOND SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of the OATH to be administered by the arbitrators to the parties and witnesses under this act.

THE evidence that you shall give before us the arbitrators appointed by A.B. and G. D. [the parties to the submission], to determine the matters in difference between them, under and by virtue of an act passed in the fortieth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An at7, [slate the title of the a£?]y shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.

So help you GOD.

FORM of the SUBMISSION to arbitration, and of the award to be made in pursuance of this act.

I A.B. of, &c. [ set forth the name, residence, and description of the party] do hereby nominate and appoint C.D. of, &c. an arbitrator under and by virtue of an act passed in the fortieth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An act, [set forth the title of the att], to hear and determine the matters in difference between me and E. F. of, fcfc.

I, E. F. of, WV. do appoint G. H. of, i£c. to be an arbitrator under the said act for the purposes aforesaid.

FORM of the AWARD or UMPIRAGE to be made by the arbitrators or umpire, and to be written at the foot of the fiibmission.

WE, /. K. and L. M. of, &V. the arbitrators above named,

[or I, N. O* the justice, as the case may be], do hereby adjudge and determine that, &c. [here set forth the determination to which the arbitrators or justice, as the case may be> shallfubferibe their names.]

Witness,

FORM of CONVICTION in a PECUNIAY PENALTY.

BE it remembered, That on the day of

in the year of the reign of and in

the year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before us,

[naming

UiOO*

t6z

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 106. [i8od.

[naming the justices], two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county [or, riding, city, liberty, division or place] of for that the said A.B. [ state tie offence, as for »egkflb % to sign the submiffim, or refusing to submit to the award within tbt time limited, as the case may be], contrary to the statute made in the fortieth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An act, [here Jet forth the title of the act], and we the said justices do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said offence to forfeit and lose the sum of of lawful

money of j Great Britain, and do order the bme to be forthwith paid by him [he*, or them, as the case may be], C, D.

1800

l and

FORM of COMMITMENT of a person summoned as 1 witness before the arbitrators.

mitment.

Given under our hands this year of our Lord

day of

This commitment to be directed to the proper peace officer, and thd gaoler [or keeper] of the prison [or house of correction,]

w

Cif

WHEREAS proof on oath hath been made before us,

*[ naming the justices signing the commitment] two of his Majesty's justices of the peaCe for the county [or riding, city, liberty, division, or place] of on this day of

That A.B. hath been duly summoned, and hath neglected to appear and give evidence before C.D. and E. F. the arbitrators appointed by and between G. H. and /. K. to determine the matters in dispute between them at in the county [w,

riding, city, liberty, division, or place] of on the day of under and by virtue of an act, made in the fortieth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, /# oQy[hert Jet forth the title of the act] \ and the said A\ B. being required by us the said justices to give evidence before the said arbitrator!, and (till refusing so to do, therefore we the said justices do hereby, in pursuance of the said a St, commit the said A.B. to the [dej'cr thing the prison, or house of correction] there to remain without bail or mainprize for his [or her] offence aforesaid, until he [or (he] shall submit himself [or hcrfclfj to be examined, and give his [or her] evidence before the said arbitrators, touching the matters referred to them as aforesaid, or shall otherwise be discharged by due course of law: and you the [constable or sthtr peace officer or officers to whom the warrant is directed] are hereby authorised and required to take into your custody the body of the said A.B. and him [or her] safely to convey to the said prison [or house of correction] and him [or her] there to deliver to the gaoler [or keeper] thereof, who is hereby authorised and required to receive into his custody the body of the said A. S, and him [or her] safely to detain and keep pursuant to this coo-

in tbt

rrcji

[eud

there

with and auth one mer law intc Ihiji Of; gat< on; whi trar 1

tnt:

by the

the

1

Sun

Ini

An

v

act

hot

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 107, 108. 863

iTttf.'Z

r.rard

jr

vr'xit

M

'I*

I

r'

; rf

CAP. CVII.

An act to permit, /i7 six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament the importation of Swedish herrings into Great Britain.

[July 29, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient under the present circumstances tc

fermit.> for a limited timey the importation of Swedish her-rings into Great Britain in British Ships^ or in ships belonging to persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever, without payment of duty; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of May From May 1, one thousand eight hundred, and until six weeks after the com- l8o(?> until fix mencement of the next session of parliament, it shall and may be th^com- lawful, to and for any person or persons whatever, tb import mencement of into Great Britain from any port or plaqe in Sweden in any British the next fef-ship or vessel, or in any other ship or vessel belonging to persons f°n> herrings of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, and tiavi- coasts of Swe-gated in any manner whatever, any herrings caught and curedden maybe on any of the coasts of Sweden, without the payment of any duty imported whatever; any thing in any act or acts of parliament to the con- without pay. trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. raent 0 duty#

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due Herrings to be

entry shall be made of all such herrings that shall be imported im

by virtue of this act, with the proper officers of the cpstoms at {^rtation^on the port into which the same shall be imported, and in default forfeiture thereof the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized thereof.

by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs.

III. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful to export Swedish her-Swedish herrings/ to any of his Majesty's colonies in the JFefi*ingsnotto

Sassa-

CAP. CVIII. West Indict.

An act for indemnifying the governor of Surinam, or the person a fling as such, for having permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms \ and for making void all seizures of ships, vessels, or goods, for any thing done in pursuance of such permission.

[July 29, 1800.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the-Second^ intituled An t % Car. 2. act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and naviga- c. 18. tion, and by other efts of parliament now in force, no goods or commodities whatsoever can be imported into or exported out of any lands, islands, plantations, or territories to his Majesty belongings or in his possession, or which may hereafter belong unto, or be in the possession of his Majesty1 his heirs and successors, in Asia, Africa,

V ol. ALII.

K K K

or

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 108. [1800.

or America, in any other ship or jlip!, vessel or vessels wktsoever, but in such ships or vessel5 as do truly, and without fraud, belong only to the people of Great Britain, or of any of tkle territories thereof, in the manner, and under the penalties, and subject to the exceptions and regulations in the said acts respectively contained: and whereat the settlement of Surinam and its dependencies, on the continent tf South America, hath been surrendered to his Mojejbfs arms, ani is now in his Majestyh possessm, and at the time tf such furmier such settlement was in great want of Various necessiries, ani greet quantities of the produce remained in the said settlement, by reafin if' the interruption of the commerce to and from the same previous ti such surrender, and under such circumstances his Majesty's governor, or the p erf on a King as such, thought ft to permit the importation inti the said settlement of certain articles of provisions, lumber, and other jlores for the supply of the said settlement, in neutral and foreign bottoms, and also to permit the exportation of certain articles, the produce of the said Jett foment, in neutral and foreign bottoms, under certain regulations and restrititans: and whereas under such permlf fieri, same ships cleared at the/'aid ccforty with cargoes for this country, hut were detained by ships, in the service of his Majesty, although they had received failing infer unions in order to proceed ti Great Britain, urn it r the convoy about to proceed from the leeward ijknis: and whereas such importation and exportation as aforesaid were rendered neceserry by the peculiar filiation of the said settlement, ani having been permitted fr om the necessty of the occasion, the parties who were inure fed in the same ftsould be protected again/ less; ani all personss if/uhig, advising, or a Ring under or in obedience to any order or permission of the said governor, or of any person ailing as governor of the said settlement; and all per fans concerned in any fa.

iS

portation or exportation as aforesaid, frill be reffectively judifud ani.indemnified therein, and rchafed from all penalties and forfeitures it

or

dp

me

ritj

or

am

the

arc

anj

iki

for

con

or

fpc

an\

par

or

fui:

2 V

or

wh

*h

act

ths

cf

or

Cef:

pro

all

Se'mireamade subsequent to Feb. 26, 1800, of vdlels navigated by order of the governor of Surinam, and of goods imported or exported under the regulations therein contained, shallbevoid; and all n&ions brought against persons for haying issued or advised such order, shall be discharged.

respect thereof: be it therefore enached by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lonh spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ail feizurn made of any ships or vessels navigating under any such order or permission, or importing or exporting any such articles as afore* laid, under the regulations and restrictions contained therein, at any time fuKequent to the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred, and all seizures of any goods, merchandizes, or effects imported or exported in any such ship or vessel, shall be and are hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and all personal actions and suits, indictments, informations, and all prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be hereafter commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for having issued or advised any such order or permission, or for an? act done by reason or under the authority of any such order oc permission, or relating to any exportation or importation in consequence of any such order or permission, and also all proceedings whatever, which have been Of dull be hereafter commenced

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 108. 865

or prosecuted for or in respect of any forfeiture, or for the condemnation unucr the said acts, or any of them, of any goods,

mcrclitfnJize, or effects imported or exported under the autho-H rity of any such order or permission, or of any ship, boat, vessel,

'*or other thins employed in such importation or exportation at any time subsequent to the twenty-sixth day of February one /' thousar.d eight hundred, shall be and the same are discharged

and made void to ail intents and purposes by virtue of this act; General issue and that if any action or fuir, or other proceeding whatsoever, j^o^Hons^ shall he commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for or by rcuion of any such ad, matter, or thing so advised, anu shall re-commanded, appointed, or done, or foi borne to be done, he, (he, cover double or they may plead ihe general issue, and give this act and the col*s> &c« special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs ia any action or suit, so to be prosecuted or commenced, in that part of Great Britain called England, or in the West India islands, or any of his Majesty's dominions in America, shall become non-"| suit, or forbear further prosecution, or buffer discontinuance, or if ! a verdict shall pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their double costs, for r which he, she, or they shall have the like remedy as in cases v where the cods by law are given to defendants; and if any such / action or suit as aforesaid, shall be commenced or prosecuted in

that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in any other part; of his Majesty's dominions, the court before which such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted shall allow to the^defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow him his double co(te of suit in.all such cases as aforesaid.

1

; 5

v

V

r*':

U

1}

t

II. And be it further enacted, That if any seizures have been Where fei-made or shall be made of any ship or vessel, or of any goods or zures have merchandize as forfeited, or as prize, under or by virtue of the said act or acts, or if any process or proceeding hath been, or commenced shall be commenced for the purpose of procuring the condemns- for condem-tion of any such ship or veffcJ, goods, merchandize, or effects 'or/ as forfeited, or y.i prize, under the said acts, or any of them, or dir the direo^ otherwise, by reason or the importation or exportation of any tion of any such goods, merchandize, or effects, in any (liip or vessel not court, the owned and navigated according to law, or if any such ship or vessel, owner or degoods, merchandize, or effects hath been sold or disposed of by ae^iyl^)ffl^J1 the direction or under the authority of any court or courts, in court to iUy pursuance of any such seizure as aforesaid, or if any action or proceedings, suit hath been already commenced against any person or persons to ?btain for any such ad, metier, or thing so advised, commanded, ap- the vlffd^and pointed, or done, or forborne to be done, it shall and may be g0O(j8> &c# lawful for the owner or owners, or any other person acting as an agent on his, her, or their behalf, or for the defendant or defendants, in such proceis, proceeding, action, or suit respectively, in whatever court in Great Britain, or any other part of his Majesty's dominions, such process, proceeding, action, or

K K K 2 fftpt I

VdOOvlL

866

Nothing herein to prevent owners of vessels, Sec. from bunging actions for damages again it perform making seizures.

But no such action8 author! fed, except in cases where they might have been prosecuted, if this act had not passed.

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 109. [1800.

suit shall have been commenced, to apply to such court or court! respectively, to stay all proceedings thereon respectively, by motion in a summary way, and to obtain restoration of any such ship, vessel, goods, or merchandize, or where the same (ba!i have been so sold or disposed of as aforesaid, of the produce of such sale or sales; and such court or courts is and are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any owner or owners of any ship or vessel, goods, merchandizes, or effects, so seized as aforesaid, or any other person acting as an agent on his, her, or their behalf, from commencing or profecuring any action, suit, or claim, again/l any person or persons who shall have made any such seizure, for any damages for or on account of such seizure, or any act, matter, or thing relating thereto, having been illegal, and not authorised by the said act or acts, or for or on account of any act, matter, or thing for which such person or persons would have been liable to any such action, suit, or claim, if this act had not been paired.

IV. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorise or warrant any such action, suit, or claim, for or by reason of any such seizure, or of any act, matter, or thing done relating thereto, except in such cases, or for such causes in or for which such action, fuir, or claim might have been prosecuted if this act had not

CAP. CIX.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for applying certain sums of money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred} for further t appropriating the supplies granted in this femon of parliament, and fir making forth duplicates ot exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificate, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwik i destroyed.

[July9, 1800.]

5, aoo, ooool. out of the consolidated fund, may be applied towards the supply for 1S00, and raised by loans or exchequer bills. 5, 300, 00c!. oat of the duties upon income; and a!so 1, 150, 0001. out of the duties granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. may be applied towards the supply for 1S00. Monies raised by the duties on malt, &c. Pensione, £cc. Exchequer bills, annuities, by agreement with the bank, 5, 300, 000l. out of the duties upon income. 1, 150, 0001. out of duties granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. Lottery, exchequer bills, and 5, 100, 0001. out of the consolidated hid may be applied as follows: 13, 619, 079l. 13s. ltd. for naval fenrim, tit 44+tOool. for wages of 110, 000 men, including 11, 696 marines, fortyo lunar months, commencing January 1, 1800. 456, 0001. for their fidualling. 710, 0001. for wear and tear of ships. 60, ooool. for ordnance for sea service. 111, 510l. for ordinary of the navy. 115, 615l. for extraor. dinary of the navy. 1, 138, 500l. for wages of 110, 000 men, including 11, 696 marines, for eleven lunar months, commencing February 1800. 1, 199, 0001. for their victualling. 3, 630, 000! for wear and tear

of ships. 302, 500). for ordnance for sea service. 685, 409k 13s. itd. for the ordinary of the navy, including half pay. 656, 515k lor buildings and repairs of ship* and extra work*. 1, 300, 000k for transport service for 1800. 500, 0001. for prisoners of war in health, and 90, 000! for sick ditto. 350, 000k for ordnance for land service, for January and February 1S00, and 1, 117, 9601. 13s. 3d. for ditto, from March i, to December

3ti ilco.

1800.] Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 109. 867

31, 1800. 35, 6711. iis. 5d. for ordnance for land service in 1798, and

184.. 314J. 13s. 3d. for ditto in 1799. a, oooo, ocol. to be remitted to Ireland., 1, 400, 000b to fulfil his Majesty's engagements. 503, 000l. for the emperor of Germany, See. 1, 500, 0001. for the emperor of Germany,

545>494-l. for the emperor of Germany. 11, 916, 768l. is. lod. for land Service, viz. 510, 596b for 90, 047 effective men in Great Britain, jeriey,

Guernsey, Alderney and Holland, from December 15, 1799, to February 24, 1800. 166, 480l. for forces in the plantations, Sec. for ditto.

92, 6351. for sensible cavalry, and embodied pj ovilional cavalry for ditto.

232, 998b for the militia, the miners of Cornwall and Devon, and sensible infantry for ditto. 40, 000b for quartering soldiers for ditto. 120.cool, for the barrack department for ditto. »i337fis?b 8s. 8d. for 80.175 effective men, officers, &c. in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey and Alderney, from February 25, to December 24* 1800. 1, 004, 480b 139. 6d.

for forces in the plantations, See. for ditto, 42, 9011. 19s. for difference between British and Irilli pay, for fix regiments abroad for 1800.

*4>558b 38. 8d. for recruiting the regiments in East India, for ditto.

530, 000l. for recruiting and contingencies and for extra feed of cavalry for ditto. 105, 0541.7s. 1 id. for general, ftass, and hospital officers in Great Britain, Jersey and Guernsey, for ditto. 1, 306, 121b 16s. 5d. for militia, the miners of Cornwall and Devon, two regiments of irish militia and sensible infantry, from February 25, to December 24, 1800. 50, 0001. for contingencies of the militia and sensible infantry for 1800. 127, 06iJ.

13s. ad. for cloathing the militia, the miners of Cornwall and Devon, and two regiments ot Irish militia for ditto. 26, 280b 14s. 6d. for full pay to supernumerary officers for ditto. 105, 747b 3s. 6d. for the paymaster general, commissary general. Sec. for ditto. 140, 000b for quartering loidlers, from February 25, to December 24, 1800. 120, 000b for allow-

ance in lieu of small beer, from March 25, to December 24, 1800.

138, 979b 7s. id. for reduced officers of the land forces and marines for 1800. 20l. 12s. 1 id. for private and superannuated gentlemen of the

horse guards. i, ooool. for officers late in the service of the states general.

52, 500b for reduced officers of the British American forces, and 7, 500b for allowances to them. 143, 310b 78. 3d. for Chelsea hospital. 20, 231b 128. for widows' pensions. 574, 000b for volunteer corps. 3597334b for the barrack department, from February 25, to December 24, 1800.

471, 128b 12s. 3d. for foreign corps. 566, 688b 10s. for troops of the elector 6f Bavaria. 2, 500, 000b for extraordinaries of the army for 1800.

3.000. 0001. for discharging exchequer bills made out under 39 Geo. 3.

c. 70. 2, 506, 250b for discharging do. made out under the income duty

atf. 1, 079, 740b for discharging do. made out under 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. and 76. 3.500, 000b for discharging do. made out under 39 Geo. 3. c. 69.

1, 914, 000b for discharging do. made out under 59 Geo. 3. c. 68. 26, 203l.

3s. iiiiied pursuant to addresses of the house of commons. 7, 950b for the civil establishment of Upper Canada. 5, 540b for the civil establishment of Nova Scotia. 4, 650b for the civil establishment of New Brunswick, in America. 1, 900b for the civil establishment of the island of Saint John, in America. 1, 840b for the civil establishment of the ifl.ind of Cape Breton, in America. 1, 640b for the civil establishment of the iffand of Newfoundland. 4, 100b for the civil establishment of the Bahama Islands. 580b for the civil establishment of the Bermudas or >omers Islands. 600l. for the civil establishment of the island Dominica. 6, 309b 168. 8d. for the civil establishment of New South Wales. 20, 000b for forts in Africa.

4, 000b for the civil establishment of Sierra Leone. 150, 000b for foreign

secret service. 242, 798b 58. id. for refugees of France, Toulon and Corflea, Saint Domingo lufterers, and American loyahits, for 1800.

7, 574b 6s. 3d. for refugees of France, Scc. for 1799. 24, 074. for New

South Wales. 6, 369b for superintendance of aliens. 32, 353b 16s. nd. for expences of convida at home. 200, 000b towards the reduction of the national debt. 633, 176b 15s. 6d. 2q. for interest on exchequer bills.

163, 368b 13s. iod. for discount on loans and lottery. 39, 675b 13s. lod. for interest due to the bank of England. 15, 907b as. nd. to the bank of England, for receiving contributions to the loan and lottery for 1799.

2, 338b 196. 4d. for prosecutton3 relating to the coin for 1759. i*, ooool.

it k k 3 for

68

Anno regni quadragesimo Georgii III. c. 109. [1800.

for the lottery. 1, 8051. 95. to the secretary to the commissionen for' reducing the national debt. 13, 779b for secret service abroad. 7, 00c!. for repairs at the king's bench prison. 3, 000). for the police office at Wapping. 8, 000b for printing for the house of commons, i^ojl. for

Surchafe of a house in Abingdon strett, for d' pofiting the journal* of tk otife of commons. 3, 575l. for the office of the coir miflien^rs for American awards. 5, 000b for repairs at the marflialfe* prison. 900b to officer? of the exchequer, for extra trouble in making out exchequer bilk'j 6, 000b for relief of Saint Domingo cliirrnnts. 177l. 6s 6d. foritaprtffions of the plan of proposed wet docks in tin: port ot London. 348b for expences of the parliament office. 1.482l. 16s. for additional ckria in the office for auditing the publick accounts. 2, 6461. 9s. 6d. forex-pences of the police office in Wapping. nob 17s. 9-b for corrpleting the thirty-fourth volume of the manuscript journals of the house of lord. 9, 760b 138. iod. to pay bills drawn from New South Wales. 155b9s. t to complete the pier at Douglas harbour. 900l. for relitf of ToidoaeSe emigrants, not included in eftiroate for 1799. 44M. 138. for publishinf weekly returns of the average price of Muscovado sugir. 697b 7s. for I copper coin for New South Wales. 797l. irs. 6d. for exaencesofi I police office at Wapping. 680b 18s. for surveying rods io North Britain. 8*7l. 128. for an additional allowance to clerks in the office for auditing the publick accounts. 177b 158. 0l. $q. on account of the expences of New South Wales, &e. 370! 9b. 6d. to the clerks of the house of commons, for attendance on publi k conimittfes. 41, 400! for Losses.sustained by the destruction of the ships, the Aurora, the Mentor and the Lark, and their cargoes, referred to in his Majesty's rrtfT ge to the house of commons, of February n, 1800. 25.00CI. lor a roy.l military alvlum. 2, 550b for works done it Somerset house. 1, 048l. 185 6d. for fees on compensation money, for Losses in confluence of the ecftrudion of ships and cargoes from Mogador. 30 000l. to discharge bills from Ne» South Wales. 50, 000b for demands of SMnt Domingo claimants. i, oocl. for iufveys, by order of the commissioners for enquiring into the fbk of the woods and forests. 1, 0x4b 4s- 3d, for printing the joun-Is of the j house of lords. 3, 000b for the British museum. 3, 000l. <ur t: board I

of agriculture. 5, 000b for the Levant company. 1, 500! for the Vcten*

nary College, i.ocol. to Mr. Davis, for a dibovery of his method of [ cleaning wheat damaged by smut. 4.500b for roads and bridges ra J

North Britain. 447, 039l. 4-s* od. iq. for deficiency of gr.nts iu 1799.]

Supplies not to be issued for any ofher than the authorised purpoio. f Rules to be observed in the application of the sum appropri, ted for halt [ pay. Officers employed on the staff or in garrisons, may receive hdf pav, I on taking an oath specified in this act. By 39 Geo. 3. c. 114. a ceitair. I sum was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers, the overplus oi which may be di/posed of as his Majesty shall judge proper. Duplicatn of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, Sec. loft or dtHroyed, majr be PUt on affidavit of the fast, Sec.

PUBLIC

I

PUBLIC LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

Anno tricesimo nono et quadragesimo Georgii III.

Regis.

It being thought unnecessary to print in this place the whole of the titles of the Public Local and Personal Acts, ' which are all inserted in the Table; the Editor has selected those Acts which he thought would be found of most general utility, cither at length, or made'copious abstracts of them.

Cap. 10.

An act for the appointment and regulation of pilots for the concluding of ships and vessels into and out of the port of Kingston-upon-Hull 5 and for ascertaining the salvage for anchors, cables, and other Ihipa materials, found in the river Humber; and for the better ascertaining the tonnage of balialt lighters employed at the said port.

[April 4* 1800.]

WHEREAS the corporation of wardens, elder brethren, and assistants of the guild or brotherhood of the Trinity House of Kingiion upon Hull, have for a long period of years, by usage, as well as by virtue of letters patent or charters granted to them by the crown, exercised the power of appointing pilots to conduit ships and vessels from the river Humber to cross the Teas, or lo pass from the said river Humbtr beyond Flamborough Head northward, and Winter ton ness fouthwaid; but they are not inveited with sufficient powers to prevent other per suns from alt* ing aspilots within the said limits: and whereas it would greatly tend to the farcty of ships and vessels failing or trading from and to the port of Kingston upon Hull, if effectual powers were given for appointing and regulating of pilots for conducting of Inch 'hips and vessels between the said port and the sea, and for a small distanre out at sea; and for preventing persons not so appointed, from ailing as pilots of any such ships and vessels, or of any ships or vessels destined from the said port to cross the leas, or to pass beyond Flamborough Head northward, or Wintertctfiness southward; and also for settling and ascertaining the salvage for anchors, cables, and other ships materials, found in the said river Humber; and for the beter ascertaining the tonnage of ballast lighters employed at the said port. May it therefore ple&fe your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the wardens, elder brethren, and assistants of the said Trinity House, and they are hereby author ifed and empowered from time to time, by writing under their common seal, to license and appoint such persons as they shall, upon examination touching their skill and abilities, approve of and think propeily qual.fitd for that purpose, to be pilots for the conducing of ships and vessels into and out of the port of Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, and upon any part of the river Humber below the said port, and so far out at sea as t^ bring the Northness of Dimlington on the coast of Holderness, to bear or be seen a sufficient distance clear or open of the land to the southward thereof, so as to pass clear of the New Sand; and the persons so licensed shall, for the purposes of this act, be called River Pilots; and if any person, without haring such licence to alt as a river pilot as aforesaid, shall, after the expiration of one calendar month from the passing of this act, take upon himself to conduit or pilot any ship or vessel into or out of the said port, or at any place between the said port and the place at lea where the said Nonhneis

K. K. K. 4 Of

Public Local and Personal [1800.

of Dimlington bears as aforesaid; or if any person, other than such as shall have been examined and declared by the said wardens, elder brethren, and assistants, under their common seal, to be properly qualified and capable of conducing ships and vessels as a pilot at sea, Hull, after the expiration of the said one calendar month from the passing of this id* take upon himself to act: as pilot of any ship or vessel destined on a voyage from the said port of Kingston upon Hull, in conducing such ship or vessel from the place near the entrance of the said river Humber, wWrt the said Northnels of Dimlington bears as aforesaid, to crofc the leas, or (o pass from Flamborough Head north yard, or Wintertonnelssouthward; every such person shall respectively forfeit and pay, for every such offence, any sum not exceeding twenty pounds. Provided always, That nothing in this act: contained shall extend to oblige the mailer or other person having the command of any ship or vessel outward bound, after the has been piloted out of the said river Humber to sea, to employ or makeufe erf any pilot to conduct such ship or vessel to cross or pals further out at sea; or to oblige the matter or other person having the command of any ship or vessel in the coal trade, or other coatting trade, whether laden or in oallast, or of any British ship or vessel of less than six feet draught of water, or of any ship or vessel coming into any of the roadileads within the said river Humber for the purpose of flicker, or of obtaining stores or provisions only, to employ or make use of any pilot; nor to prevent or hinder any owner, part owner, matter- or mate of, or any person belonging to any ship or vessel inward bound, from conducing or piloting the ship or vessel to which he shall belong, into and up the said rivrr Humber, in case none of the said river pilots shall be ready, and offer to conduct and pilot the same; nor to prevent or hinder any person or persons from shifting any ship or vessel in distress. Pilots to pay for their fil'd licence fix guineas, and afterwards three guineas. Trinity House may suspend pilots. Commissioners. First meeting of of to be within one month after pafting this act. Commissioners to settle the clerks and other officers salaries. Commissioners to acknowledge their acceptance of the trust. Future meetings of the of On the death of any of the of, &c. others to be Hefted. Pilots to assist King's ships in preference to others. Pilots misbehaving to forfeit not exceeding twenty pounds, and, on complaint by of to the Trinity House, to be suspended. And for ascertaining the rates to be paid to the said river pilots, for the conducting or piloting any ships* vessels as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That no greater rates shall be demanded or taken by any such river pilot than what shall be from tine to time ascertained, fixed, and settlea by the said of at any of their meetings, so that the rate so to be ascertained, fixed, and settled for piloting or conducting any ship or vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects, into the said poit of Kingston upon Hull, from the place at (ea where the Northness of Dimlington bears as aforesaid, be not left than three shillings nor more than five shillings for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of i foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot j and for piloting and Conducting any such ship or vessel into the said port from the place within the said river Humber where the spurn lighthouse bean north east, or from any distance within the said river Humber to the buoy of the Bur-come, not lef3 than two shillings and sixpence nor more than three shillings and sixpence for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraftkm not being left than half a foot 5 and for piloting and conducting any such ship or wife! into the said port from the distance of the said buoy not less than two shillings nor more than three shillings for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of afoot, such fraction not being less than half a foot; and for piloting and conducting any such ship or vessel into the said port from Whitebooth road to the (kid river Humber, not less than one Hulling nor more than two shillings for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion fog the fraction of a foot, fu: h fraction not being left thin half 1

toot;

x3oo.] 39 & 40 GEO. III. c. io*

foot) and for piloting and conducing any such ship or vessel from the said port, so far out to sea as to bring the said Northness of DiinJingloti to bear as aforesaid, not less than three shillings nor more than five thil-lings for every foot of wat^r such ship or veflVl shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a root. And for ascertaining the rates to be paid to the said river pilots, for the conducing or piloting any alien ship or vessel, be it further enacted, That no greater rates shall be demanded or taken by any such river pilots, than whatHhall be from time to time ascertained, fixed and settleo by the said commissioners, so that the rate to be ascertained, fixed and settled, for piloting or conducting any ship or vessel belonging to aliens into the said port of Kingston upon Hull, from the place at sea where the Northnels of Dimlington bears as aforesaid, be not less than five shillings nor more than seven shillings for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the trad ion of a foot* such fra&ion not being less than half a foot; and for piloting and conducing any such alien ship or veil'd into the said port from the place within the Humber where the Spurn Lighthouse bears north east, or, frcm any distance within the said river Humber to the buoy of the Bur-come, not less than four shillings nor more than five shillings for every foot of water such ship or veil'd shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot; and for piloting and conducing any such ship or vessel into the said port from the distance of the said buoy, not leis than three shillings nor more than six shillings for every foot of water such ship or veil'd shall dr iw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot; and for piloting and concluding any such ship or vessel into the said port from Whitebooth road in the said river Humber, not less than one shilling and sixpence nor more than three shillings for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a loot; and for

Piloting and conducing any such alien ship or vefiei from the said port so ir out to sea as to bring the said Northness of Dimlington to bear as aforesaid, not less than five shillings nor more than seven shillings for every foot of water such ship or veflll shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot. Provided always, That in any of the cases aforesaid, or herein after mentioned, if the fraction of a foot shall exceed half a foot, the same, in ascertaining the rates, shall be deemed and considered as half a foot. Coomuflioners empowered to vary and regulate the prices of pilotage. Ships outward bound in bailaft to pay only two thirds of the rates. CoalUrs to pay only half of the rates. Vessels drawing less than six feet water to pay for six feet. Proportioning the rates of pilotage. Rewards for pilots'assisting ships in distress to be settled by of Additional pilotage for piloting extra distance. Masters of inward or outward bound ships refusing pilots, pilotage to be paid. Pilots leading the way in any veil'd to be intitled to full pilotage. Ships forced back after parting with pilots, and piloted out again from any of the roads, to pay not exceeding one half of the rates. Distance outward bound ships are to be piloted. Pilots to have three shillings and sixpence a day for their attendance. Pilots quitting ships without leave, to forfeit pilotage, and not exceeding ten pounds. Places to which inward bound ships are to be piloted. Rates for birthing ships. Masters to give pilot a true account of the draught of water of their ships, and pilot authorised to admeasure. Persons liable to pilotage. On nonpayment of rate, of may distrain. Masters forcibly taking away pilots, to pay them mate's wages, and forfeit not exceeding twenty pounds. Majority of pilots may have a joint stock. Commissioners to keep accounts of money received for licences, for penalties and of disbursements. Application of licence money and fines. Rewards to meritorious pilots. Accounts to be audited by five or more of Pilots not to keep publick houses. Expences of obtaining this act to be ascertained by the comniiftioftcrd. The laid expences to be raised by a tonnage duty of

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

[Publick act.]

one halfpenny per ton. Application of the tonnage duty. Account# to be kept of the receipts and payments in respect of the tonnage duty. Tonnage duty to cease after the charges are paid. Commissioncn to settle salvage of anchors. Persons finding anchors, cables, &c. to bring them to Hull, and give notice thereof, -with a description in writing, in order to such anchors, &c. being advertised. Persons taking away any buoy, kc. to forfeit not exceeding twenty pounds. If offence committed by pilots, they are to be broke. All vessels carrying ballast for hire, to be registered. Lighters to be weighed. Tonnage to be ascertained by guage marks. ! Lighters to take their turn in supplying ships with ballast. Commissioncn clerk to examine lighters, &c yearly; and if he shall discover any fraud, to present the same to the of Owners refuling to produce lighter to be reviewed or to trim and pump before delivery of balldt, to forfeit nor exceeding five pounds. This act not to extend to the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, Dover, Deal, the isle of Ttianet, or Newcastle upon Tyne. Nor to prejudice the corporation of Kingston upon Hull..Nor the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull. Nor the dock company 1 of Kingston upon Hull. Not to arFeft the rights of the corporation of Great Grin.lby. Commissioners empowered to make bye laws, which shall be printed: but not to be repugnant to the laws of the realm. Two justices of the peace to hear and determine offences. For compelling the attendance of witnesses. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Proceedings to be within lix months. Form of conviction. 1 Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Pro ceding* not I to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. I

Cap. 23.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the rim 1 Thames, near to the town of Gravesend, in the county of Kent, to the river Medway, at a place called Nicholson's Ship-yard, in theparith of Frindsbury, in the said county; and also a certain collateral cut, from White Wall in the said panlh, to the said river Medway.

[May 16, 1800.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a canal, for the naviga* { tion of boats, barges, and other vessels, from the river Thames, near to the town of Gravesend, in the county of Kent, to the river Medway, at or near to a certain place called Nicholson1 Ship-yard, in the pirish of Frindsbury, in the said county, and the making and maintaining of 2 canal or collateral cut, for the navigation of boats, barges and other vessels, from the said canal, at or near to a certain place called White Wall, in the said parish of Frindftmry, to the river Medway, opposite, or nearly opposite to his Majesty's dock yards at Chatham, will greatly facilitate and render less expensive the carriage and conveyance of coals, timber, stone, corn, lime, and manure, and of all wares, goods, and other articles, and will materially and considerably improve the agriculture of the circumjacent country, and will render unnecessiry a long and circuitous, and sometimes dangerous navigation on the open sea, and will otherwise be of great private and publick advantage. Certain persons incorporated by the name of "The Company of Proprietors of the Thamei and Medway Canal." Proprietors may raise forty thousand pounds for making the canal, to be divided into shares of one hundred pounds each. Shares to be personal estate. Subscribers to have a rote for every share.

Form of appointment of proxies. Proprietors may raise twenty thousand pounds more if necessary. Power to raise money by mortgage. Form of mortgage. Form of transfer. Interest of money borrowed to be paid in preference to dividends. Notice to be given of paying off money. Assignees not to vote on account of having lent money. The company of proprietors shall assemble on the second Saturday after passing this act, and the second Saturday in May every year. Chairman and committees to be appointed. Proprietors may make bye laws. General assembliei

for

M V\

r

- r.i

0

i

1800.] 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 23*.

for choosing committees to consist of fifty /hares. Assembly of proprietors may be especially convened. General Mfcmbly to elect and appoint officers, and take security from them. Officers, &c. to account. Powers of the committees. Committees to make calls. Shares mny be forfeited, but no advantage to be taken of forfeiture without personal notice. On the death of subscribers before /hare completed, executory may do it. Shares may be sold. Form of conveyance of shares. After a call no share to be sold until such call shall be paid. Regulations as to the acquisition of ihares, by marriage, by will, or in course of administration. Names ofc proprietors to be entered in a book, and certificates of their shares delivered to them. Powers for miking the canal and collateral cut. For protecting the dreams of fresh water. Power to make rollers or inclined plane3, &c. Houses, gardens, &c. not to be in jured, except a piece of garden ground in Higham. Breadth of canal and towing path not to exceed forty yards. Biffins to be made. No building to be erected on the towing paths, except for the navigation. If old roads are destroyed, new ones to tie made. Two parts of a plan and book of reference to be certified by the speaker of the house of commons, and depofired one with the clerk of the peace for the comity of Kent, and the other with the company of proprietors. Not to deviate without consent. Land owners omitted in the Dook of reference not to obstruct the making of the canal. Bodies politick empowered to sell and convey lands. Contra£Vs and Tales to be made ft the expence of the company. Form of conveyance to the company. Satisfaction to be made. If parties are dissatisfied, value to be ascertained by a jury. Fine upon flieriffa, &c. making dr fault. Expences of witndTcS and jury by whom to be paid. Perffins requeuing juries to enter into bonds to prosecute. Notice of injury to be given to proprietors. What satisfaction to be made for tythes. Vtrditf to value lands, and damages to be ascertained separately. Verdicts to be recorded. Power to enter and take possession of lands, 8cc. on payment or tender of purchase money. For paying off mortgages on lands taken by the company. Purchase money belonging to corporations, &c. to be laid out to the same uses. For rcinvdting purchase monies. Damages not provided for to be settled. Rates of tonnage. For all freestone, lirnestone, chalk, bricks, tiles, Ilites, corn in the straw, hay, straw, faggots, dung, manure, sand, Rones, and clay, conveyed upon the canal or collateral cut, two-pence per ton per mile. For all cattle, calyes, sheep, swine and other beasts, and all coal, charcoal, coak, culm, and lime, and all rough timber, hemp, bark, tin, iron /tone, pig iron, and pig lead, three-pence per ton per mile For all flour, wheat, barley, oats, beans, peaie, malt and potatoes, four-pence, per ton, per mile. For all hops, fruit, goods, wares, merchandizes, and other things whatsoever, sixpence, per ton, per mile. Tolls for passing on the towing paths. For every horie, See. two-pence. For every drove of oxen or neat cattle, one stuffing and eight-pence per score..For every drove of swine, ffieep or lambs, ten-pence per score. Tolls to be taken but once a day. Tolls for passage boats, two-pence a mile. Rates for entering the basons. Proportion of a mile to be taken as a mile. Recovery of rates and tolls. Rates and tolls may be altered. Mailers of boats to give an account of their lading. Fifty cubic feet of round and forty feet of square oak, alh, elm, or feech timber, and fifty feet of fir, or deal balk, poplar, birch, or other wood, not cut into feantlings, to be deemed a ton weight. One hundred and twelve pounds weight avoirdupois or hops, coal, coak, culm, lime, sand, /late, tin, freestone, lime-stone, and all other commodities, to be deemed a hundred weight; and two thousand two hundred and forty pounds weight, to be deemed one ton. In case of difference concerning the weight, collector may weigh goods, &c Power to fix the price of small parcels. Navigation to be tree upon payment of rates, unoer certain restrictions. Vessels under five tons burthen not to pals locks without consent of proprie.ors. X.ord of manors and land owners may trc& wharfs, &c. If not done by land owners in lix months after notice, the company may build wharfs, &c. Further allowance to the company for goods remaining upon their wharfs. Company not to use private wharfs. Regulations for vdfals in batons.

Drain*

by

S73

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

Drains to be made to convey water from the lands adjoining and watering places for cattle. For fencing off towing paths. If company do not fence off towing paths and mate bridges, &c. landowners may dp it at the company^ expence. If bridges, &c. made by the company are inefficient, land owners may make others at their own expence. Swiyd or drawbridges to be Unit after vdTels have p.ifled. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by thp company. Enabling the company to clcanfc the adjoining water courses at the land owners expence. Names on the outside of boats to be fixed. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked. Owners accountable for damages done by the boatmen. Mailers to recover from boatmen. Places to be made for boats to turn or lie in for other boats to pass. Vessels obstructing the navigation to be removed, and vessels sunk to be weighed up. Canal not to be obstructed. Locks not to be left open. Penalty on destroying the works. Regulations for passing the locks. Lock keepers not to give preference. Canal not to be under the power of of of sewers. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to the fiffiery preserved. Saving the lights of the city of London as conservators of the river T*hames. One Hulling rent to be paid yearly to the city of London as an acknowledgement for making a communication of the can/d with the river Thames. Forpreserv-ing rights oi tilhery to the city of London. Saving the rights of the city of Rochester as conservators of the river Medway. One shilling rent to be paid yearly to the city of Rochester as an acknowledgement for making a communication of the intended canal with the river Medway, For preserving rights of fishery to the city of Rochester. No oyfter6 to be laid or taken in the canal. The banks not to be hurt by the exercise of rights of fishery. Power for land owners to afe pleasure boats. Mines referred to lords of manors and other proprietors. Company's agents to be at liberty to enter lands or mines to view the works. Subscribers compelled to pay their subscriptions. Authority given to the mayor and fu/bces of Gravesend and Milton to ad in their own jurisdiction. Fines and forfeitures. Persons aggrieved by irregularity in distress to recover only the special damages. Form of conviction. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Proceedings not to be quashed for want oi form, npr removed by Certiorari. Limitation of actions.

Cap. 24.

An act for amending the several acts passed for making, extending, finishing, and completing the canal navigation from Manchester to or near Alhton-under-Lyne, and Oldham, and the several cuts and other s works authorised to be made and done by the company of proprietor! of the said canal navigation j and for granting to the said company further and other powers.

[May x6, 1800.]

Former acts recited. Empowering the company to raise thirty thousand pounds by creating new shares or on notes. Holders of notes may apply their notes in the purchase of new shares, &c. Proprietors may rile twenty thousand pounds more by mortgage. Notes to be repaid at kh time as the company shall fix. Rates to be a security for the notes. How the company may sue for money not paid on calls made under the former acts. Money arising from the falc of forfeited shares to be applied to fini firing the canal and paying thfe company's debts. Proprietors to have a vote lor every share not exceeding fifteen in person and fifteen by proxy. Proprietors may hold more than thirty shares in the canal. Authoring the company to refer matters in dispute to arbitration. Company empowered to take an additional two shillings for every boat passing a l<xk laden with lime or limestone. Authorising the company to take addition*! one penny per ton for wharfage of such articles as shall not nay thcrompiny two-pence per ton for tonnage. Altering the mode of ascertaining the tonnage of timber. Fixing the hundred weight at an hundred and twelve pounds. Authorising the company to buy in chief rents. Requiring the company

875

1800.] 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 35, 36*.

[Publick act.]

company to buy in the chief rents, reserved out of the land purchased from feoffees of the free grammar school in Manchester. Repealing the clause directing the mode of laying affifTments. Repealing claulV directing swivel and draw bridges to be ftiut after veflVls have passed them. Wht^e the company have made new roads the old ones to be vested in the company, and converted to their use or fold. Authoring the Aihton canal company to erect and maintain a flop gate across the communication between their canal and the Rochdale canal. Application of compensation money. Expences of obtaining this act to be paid by the company.

Cap. 35.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint John Hampstead, in the county of Middle .'ex — [May 30, 1800.]

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

Guardians appointed, who are to be trustees for the workhouse. Election of new guardians. The first meeting of guardians to be on Monday sevennight after passing this act. Guardians to defray their own cxp-nces at meetings, and such as are justices may aft. A chairman to be chosen. Bye laws may be made. To be entered in a book with other proceedings. No bye law, Scc. to be repealed unless by a greater number than made it. Guardians may appoint officers and take security from them. Guardians to sue and be sued in the name of their treasurer. Guardians may raise lix thousand pounds by annuities or on debentures for years. Money raised to be charged on the rates. Annuities, &c. assignable. Guardians empowered to provide a workhouse and furniture and materials for employing the poor. Waste lands may be taken for a workhouse, &c. with consent of the lord of the manor. Application of compensation money for lands, &c. purchased. Guardians may make contrafts. Contracts, &c. to be entered in a book. No guardian to hold place of profit or be concerned in any contract. Guardians not to have a voice at any meeting wherein any of them shall be interested. How rates shall be paid, where houses are inhabited by ambaff.ulors and their servants. For levying rates. See. Rates of houses, &c. let to lodgers, to be paid by the landlords or owners. Guardians may sue by way of action. Accounts to be audited. Penalty on overseers not collecting rates. Overseers to pay the money collected to the treasurer. Money left to charitable uses to be applied by guardians according to the will of the donor. Work-house furniture, See. vetted in the guardians. Penalty on buying, &c. cloaths, &c. furnished for the poor. No spirituous liquors to be carried intb the workhouse. Punishment of poor misbehaving themselves. Encouragement to be given to industrious poor. Guardians to grant certificates. ^Children taken in to be apprenticed. Children may be discharged or hired out. Poor may be employed in harvelt. Inhabitants may be witnesses. Recovery and application of penalties. Appeal. Justices empowered to grant relief upon appeal against the rates without quaftiing the whole assessment. Proceedings not to be quashed for w ant of form. Expences of this act to be paid out of first money received by guardians or their treasurer. Limitation of actions.

Cap. 36.

An act for better enabling the company of proprietors of the Rochdale canal, to raise money for completing the said canal, and to vary the line of the said canal, and to alter, explain, end amend the act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, lor making the said canal.

[May 30, 1800.]

Reciting former act, and that the company have proceeded in making the canal and expended 291, 900k but have not fmished it. The company may raiseoo, ooool. Several subscribers are willing to advance thirty pounds per centum on their Awes. Power to raise to much of one hundred

876

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

drdd thousand pounds as shall not be advanced in manner aforesaid, od notes to be repaid in eight years or n.adc stock in the canal. Tolls, See* to be a security for the money advanced. Power of raising the money by annuities. Annuities may be assigned. Form of grant of annuity to be entered with the clerk of the company. Form of transfer to be also entered with the clerk. For compelling payment of interest money and arrears of annuities in preference to dividends. A receiver may be appointed. For Compelling payment of principle monies. Repealing dause in the former act for payment of inrereft until the canal is eompWted. Company empowered to rch 11 lands absolutely or on chief rents. Company to fell rderved rents absolutely. As to conveyance of land taken from comn.oits and payment of the purchase money. Copyholds may be enfrdnchi fed by prisons beneficially entitled although net seized of the inheritance or legal estate. Prefcnbing form of conveyancing of land separated into fniall parcels. Company empowered to reconvey and re* lease the lands of Daniel Leech, not wanted for the canal. Explaining clause in the former aas to the repair of roads over the approaches to bridges. Company authorised by order of two justices of thepcaccto divert and turn highways. Directing the proceedings in actions for calls. Power of deviating from the original parliamentary line of the canal and company allowed to deviate fifty yai\is. Additional rates. For every ton of done, lime, lime-ft one, dung, manure, clay, sand, and gravel, passing or not passing through any lock, one halfpenny per mile, for every ton of tm b- r goods, wares and cthrr merchandize, not pitting through any loe k, one halfpenny per mile. For every ton of timber goods, wares and other merchandize parting through any lock, one penny per mile Thirty cubic feet of round or square oak, ain, elm, or beech timber, to be deemed a ton weight, and one hundred and twelve pounds weight avoirdupois to be deemed one hundred weight. Rates may be altered. Allowing the company to take water for puddling. Forp ying oft* mortgages on lands used for the navigriion. For referring diiputesto arbitration. Company to fix price of fmril parcels. Confirming the cliulAs in the former act for the protection of the miilholders. Lng neer* 'to a leer tain gauges, &c. Company not to take any water raised tram mines. Foi punishing persons who shall divert any of the feeders of the Kivers Irt, Roach, lrwell, or Calder, for the use of the canal. Form of conviCb'cn. Appeal. Proceedings not to be quaftnd for want o' form, nor removeable by Certiorari. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Requiring the company to finish that part of thiir canal lying between the duke of Bridgewater and the Alhton canal, and requiring the company of proprietors of the Alhron, to erect and finish the bridge over their communication with the Rochdale. The waste water at the junction of the Kochdale and Alhton canals, to be discharged into the b.ilbn; the Rochdale, and the waste water of both canris to be conveyed into the duke of Bridgewater's canal or his tunnel. Application of compeuUioa for land, &c. Publick aCh

Cap. 37.

An act to enable the Der.rne and Dove canal company to finish and complete the said canal, and the several collateral cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Mujrftyj for making and maintaining the Lid can*l and collateral cuts; and for cncreaiing the loiib thereby granted.

[May 30, 1800.]

Former act recited. Power to raise thirty thouLnd pounds among the proprietors by new subscription or by calls. If by subscriprioo to be divided into six hundred haif Ihares at fifty pounds each. It thirty thousand pounds insufficient, to raise ten thousand pounds more by mortgage. General assembly or committee to make calls of monty. For more easy recovering calls. Share of proprietors not paying calls made liable that-

1800.] 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 38, 39*.

to, and may be sold to discharge such calls. Persons having particular interests only in shares, may moitgage such finres for the calls paid in

[Publick act.]

}>urfuance of this act. Directing the application of purchase money for ands, &c. Company empowered 10 collect additional rates, not exceeding hdf the present rates. No additional rate for flag stones, limcftone or lirr.e previously navigated on the Barnsley canal. Swivel bridges to be flint and f^llened. Company empowered to lease the rates.

Cap. 38.

An act for altering and amending an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Peak Forest canal; and for granting to the company of proprietors of the said canal further and other powers.

[May 30, 1800.]

[Publick act.]

Reciting former act, and that the company have expended the money they have raised, and are in debt. Piopnrtors to have a vote for every iliare not exceeding fifteen in person and fifteen by p'oxy. Author ling the company to refer matters in dilpnte to arbitration. Empowering the company to raise one hundred and fifty thousand pounds by creating new iharee, or on notes. Diieding the new shares to be numbered. Mortgagees may apply their mortgages in the purchase of new shares or notes. How the company miay sue for money not paid on calls made under the former act. Money arising from the sale of fh-'res forfeited under the former act, to be applied to finishing the can d; and paying the company's debts. Restraining persons from uling pallage boats, without the consent of the company. Company empowered to relell land on chief rents, or absolutely. The words "Grant, Bargain, and Sell, " to operate as covenants for the title. Application of rents and purchase money. Where the company take any common or waste ground, conveyances to them by the lord of the manor to be sufficient. Explaining clause in former act Z3 to repair of roads over approaches to bridges. Where the company have made new roads, the old ones to be vested in the company, and converted to their use or fold. Repealing clause directing swivel and draw bridges to be shut after velTtls have passed them. To authorize persons to use water from the canal for condensing water for fleam engines. Application of compensation money for lands, See.

Cap. 39.

An act for enabling the Huddersfield canal company to finish and complete the Huddersfield canal; and for amending the ad, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield canal.

[May 30, 1800.]

Former act recited, and that the compmy have expended all the money they have raised, and are in debt. Doubts have arilen as to the construe-tion of the clause for raising the additional ninety thousand pounds authorised to be raised under the former act. Company^ may raise by calls twenty pounds a share, to be applied in payment of their debts, &c. The shares of proprietors not paying calls made liable thereto, and may be sold to discharge calls. Enabling mortgagees to dedud the calls from the money advanced on mortgage. Persons having particular interests only in shares may mortgage such lliare6 for the calls pud in pursuance of this act. Empowering the company to raise the money wanted, by creating u^w shares or on notes. Mortgagees may apply their mortgage* in the purchase of new shares or notes. New shares to be numbered and entered in a book. Company may lue for money not paid on calls made Under former act. Money a riling from the sale of shares forfeited under the former, id, to be applied to finishing the canal, and paying the company's debts. Proprietors to have a vote for every share, not exceeding ten in person and ten by proxy. Authorizing the company to refer matters in dispute to arbitration. Hefei ring the disputes bet ween the company

and

8 77

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800. iS

and Joseph Radcltffc esquire, to the determination of arbitrators to be

named by the parties. Company empowered to refcll land ori chief rents Jo

or absolutely. Copyhold lands may be surrendered. Before any lands, py See. are refold, the company to offer the same to the persons from whom P'

purchased. The words a Grant, Bargain and Sell/* to operate as cove* Pr<

nants for the title. Application of rents and parchafe money. The be

canal charged with the payment of rents* Explaining dause in former ap

aft as to repair of roads over approaches to bridges. Where the company at

make new roads, the old ones to be vested in the company, and converted'v; to their use or fold. Repealing clause directing swivel and draw bridges th

to be shut after vessels have pa fled them. Dirednng what farther rivulets, fu

&c. are to be conducted under or over, or by the side of the anal or other so

works of the company. Penalty on persons diverting rivulets, &c. con* an

trary to the former or this act. Company indistable for not repainM*arroads damaged by them. Giving an action of debt for damages assessea; ci

by a jury. Application of compensation money for lands, Afc. Pub-'ft lick aft. ol

Tt

Cap. 42. "

An act for raising a further sum of money for carrying into execution two several acts, passed in the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth years of the' a reign of his present Majesty, for widening and improving the entrance t

into the city of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more com- 1

modious llrcet or passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the credit r

of the Orphans Fund, a sum of money for those purposes; and for S

explaining and amending the said acts.- — [May 30, 1800.] i

J

Acts 35 Geo. 3. c. 126. 38 Geo. 3. c. 61, recited. Whereas considerabk j

progrets hath been made in carrying the said acts into execution, whereby t

the entrance into the said city at Temple Bar, hath been greatly improved: 1

and whereas in forming the original estimate of the expences ofeffofting h j

the said improvements, sufficient allowances were not made for the fob* ( t

sequent depreciation of the bonds and securities which by the first redted j;

aft were directed to be given, for securing the monies thereby authorised J t

to be borrowed; nor were adequate allowances made for the sums paid 1

and to be paid in several unforeseen cases, as compensationg for good will, Losses and damages, to persons occupying or being interested ia houses and other hereditaments, by the said acts authorised to be purchased; and in the said estimate credit was taken for the monies to be received by falcof the ground rents, and the reversion, freehold, and inheritance of so many houses, or such parcel of the buildings, hods, i

tenements, and hereditaments, by the said acts authorised to be purchased,

and taken out of the streets, as should not be afterwards laid into the -

streets or otherwise appropriated to publick use; but it being found ape. 1

disjnt that the said improvements to be made at Temple Bar and Snow Hill aforesaid, ihoultl be carried on at both places at one and the kmc time, the lad mentioned monies, which will amount to a very consider* able sum, cannot be obtained by such sale, until all the purchases yet remaining to be made pursuant to the said acts shall be actually made; for' which reasons the fund created by the first herein-before redted aft, is found to be insufficient for completing the said improvements: and whereas, if the land tax charged upon the houses, buildings, hnds, tene. ments, and hereditaments, purchased and to be purchased for the kid j

improvements, were redeemed according to the statutes lately made and j

provided concerning the redemption and purchase of the land tax, such

redemption would be highly beneficial not only to the estate so intended,

to be sold as aforesaid, but ultimately to the funds provided and to be,

provided for carrying on the said improvements: and whereas the fund called The Orphan's Fund, was eftaoliflied by an act passed in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled,

An act for relief of the Orphans, and other creditors of the city of London, for the purposes therein expressed; which laid fund, and the

teccipU

1800.] 39 & 46 Geo. III. c. 47*.

[Publick act.]

receipts and disbursements thereof, are under the management and direction of the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city of London; and by several acts p.ilfed in the twenty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the i'eventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, the several provisions for supporting the said fund, have been continued and augmented, and the whole of the rates and charges applicable to the said fund, from the time of parting of the Lift-mentioned act, are to remain and continue until the twenty-ninth day of September which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, when some of the said rates and duties are to cease, but the sum of ten thousand pounds per annum by the said acts of parliament, or some of them, charged upon and made payable out of the revenues of and belonging to the said city of London, and certain other of the rates and charges therein also mentioned, are thereby continued until the.principal monies charged upon the said Orphans' Fund, together with interest for the same, shall be paid off and annihilated: and whereas the income of the said fund has for several years pall so much increased as to attord a reasonable probability, that if the said mayor, aldermen, and commons in common council assembled, were enabled to raii'e the sum of thirty thousand pounds, to be applied for the purposes of this act, upon the credit of the lurplufies to arise from the Laid fund, such surplusses will be amply sufficient to pajy off such further charge, as well as the interest on the aforesaid sum of sixty thousand pounds, un; il redeemed in manner herein after mentioned, together with the whole of the debt and sums of money already charged thereon, previous to the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one: and whereas ft is expedient that the said mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council artemlied, rtiould be empowered to mile and borrow upon the credit of the said fund called The Orphans' Fund, the further sum of thirty thousand pounds, and upon the credit of the monies to arise by sale of the ground rents and elhtes to be sold by them, in pursuance and by virtue of the said two recited acts, and of this act, the further sum of sixty thousand pounds, to enable them to carry on and complete the said improvements, and redeem the said land tax, and to be by thrm applied accordingly. Common council empowered to raise thirty thousand and sixty thousand pounds upon the credit of the Orphans' Fund, of the monies to arise by sale of ground, rents, &c. Contributors to be entitled to redeemable annuities. Common council to cause bonds, or other securities, to be given for such annuities, assignable by indorsement. The Orphans' Fund charged with such annuities. Future surplusses of the said fund how to be employed. Upon notice of redemption of annuities and tender of the monies, the annuities to cease. Deficiencies to be paid out of the chamber of London. The money to be raised and borrowed under this act, to be applied only for the purposes of the two recited acts, and of this act, and the surplus thereof, if any, to go towards the increase of the Orphans* Fund. Common council to fell the ground rents and reversion of such parcels of the land, &c. purchased and to be purch iled and taken from the ilrrcts untier the two recited acts* as shall not be appropriated to publick use. The receipt of the chamberlain, See. to be sufficient discharges for the purchasr monies. The monies to arise from such fidcs to be applied in redeeming the annuities to be granted in respect of the said sixty thousand pounds, in order to exonerate the Orphans' Fund therefrom; and the surplus (if any) of such monies, is to go towards the increase of that fund. The corporation answerable in case of any misapplication. Disbursements to be included in the chamberlain's annual accounts. This act not to afirct any of the city's present creditors. Certain clauses, powers, &c. of the first recited act extended to this act.

Cap. 47.

An act for making wet docks, batons, cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation and security of shipping, commerce, and revenue, within the port of London.

[June 30, r8oo.]

r.o

880

Public Local and Personal Act's [1800.

WHEREAS for the greater accommodation and security of shipping, commerce, and revenue, within the port of London, it a expedient that good rnd sufficient wet docks and batons, with proper cuts, flu ices, and outlets, should be made and establKhed, undcT proper regulations in convenient fitiMtions, within the port of London, and a near as /nay be to the city of London and feat of commerce, with legal quays and wharfs attached thereto, for the reception and disch&rgc of loaded ships and other velleK And whereas the feverd persons herein, after named, have entered into a subscription to raise a certain fumasa jnint-stock or fund, for the purposes aforesaid, and for carrying into execution and completing the several works heretn-after mentioned. Sub* it feribers to be a joint frock company by the name of "The London Dock 'Company.* Stock to be deemed personal estate. Sale^and transfer of stock. No per ions answerable for more than their respective stock. Stock not liable to attachment according to the city of London. Five per cent interest on every instalment of the subscription. Company to make din. dends on dock not exceeding ten pounds per cent per annum. Proprietors of five hundred and less than one thousand pounds Itock to have oat vote, at every general meeting of the company. One thousand and left than five thousand pounds stock to have two votes. Five thousand and less than ten thousand pounds fto k to have three votes. TenthouCwd pounds and upwards to have four votes and no more. Questiooi to be decided by vote. Chairman to have the casting vote. Two general courts to be held yearly on the first Wednesday in January and July. Qualification to vote by twelve months possession of stock. The company may increase their stock not exceeding one million two hundred thoutmd pounds. Directors empowered to audit accounts of receiver!; and to make calls on proprietors. Persons neglecting to comply with such calls, to forfeit five pci* cent, and may be sued for their respective share* by the company; and if so neglecting for two calendar months, imy be either so sued, or at the option of the directors to forfeit all their shire and interest in the said undertaking, in favour of the rest of the proprietor!, No advantage to be taken of any forfeiture until notice; nor unlefctheCame be declared forfeited at a general meeting. Representativea of proprietor! before call (no provision being made for the lame) charged therewithal debtors; but on refufri or negkd to answer such call, company cm-powered to admit other persons as proprietors in their (lead, on repayment of all monies advanced by such dteeased proprietors. StHf meeting to be-wkhin one mxmtb<ai-Ur piOing.thifr.adw Company may make bn laws. Any nine proprietors may request a general meeting to be cilled by notice to the clerk or treasurer. Appointment of chairman, deputy chairman, and directors, who shall appoint places for meet ng for the purposes of this act, and continue for one year. Five directors to be a quorum. Questions to be decided by a majority. In case the capital of one million two hundred thousand pounds shall not be raised or found insufficient, company may borrow three hundred thousand pounds, and may aliign the rates as a security. Form of assignment. Assignracnti transferable by indorsement. Interest on money borrowed to be pdd half yearly in preference to the dividends. That the said company shall be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by themte cr their deputies, agents, workmen, and servants, to make, complete, and maintain one or more dock or docks, bason or batons, lighter dock or lighter docks, entrance or entrances communicating with the river Thames, in the pirifties following (that is to lay), Saint Botolph with-out Aldgate, in the manor of Bast Smithfield, otherwise called Saint Botolph without Aldgate, East Smithfield, Saint John of Wapping, Saint George Middlesex, commonly called Saint George in the Balt, Saint

PtnPa Sninfr Paul Qksnuwll

Paul's Shad well, otherwise called Saint Paul Shadwell, alias ChaftwcD. ail within the Tower Hamlets, and in the county of Middlricx; all which dock or docks, bason or basons, lighter dock or lighter docks and entrance or entrances, are to be contained within the bouadi de-fa ibed by the under mentioned limits; (videlicet). On the west by a line Ynnning along the east tide of Nightingale lane, including all the buildings and premises within the same, from the north-call corner of the hid

lane,

i 1800.] 39 &46 Geo. III. c. 47*.

lane, southward to the north-wrft corner of a brewhoafe yard, belonging; to Thomas and Robert Alien, situate on the east side of Nightingale*t lane, aforesaid; from thence running east ward along and including the south side of two certain storehouses belonging to the brewhouse of the i said Thomas and Robert Alien, to the south-east extremity of the same, and then returning southward along (but not including) the east face of the said brewhouse, to the iouth eali extremity thereof, and as far as the 3 extent of the yard or piece of ground (including the same) belonging to 3 John Betts junior, and leased to the said Thomas and Robert Alien, and^-turning eastward along the south side of the said yard, in a line to the .3 north east corner of number eight, situate on the west side of Mulberry yj Gardens, alias Ten Foot Way, belonging to John Betts junior, and oc-

j cupied by John Chase, thence proceeding across the Mulberry Gardens* south-west ward to the north-west corner of number eighteen, on the south*side of the Mulberry Gardens, alias Ten FootWay, belonging to John Betts junior, and in the occupation of Margaret Stewart, and along the south-east face of the street or way leading from Nightingale lane, to the Mulberry Gardens, (including the buildings and premiles within the same), till it returns to the east side of Nightingale lane, from thence, y running south-east ward along the east side of Nightingale fane, (including all the buildings and premises within the lame), to the north end of " j Charlotte street; all which aforesaid pr^mifis are within the said parish of Saint John of Wapping; and croifing Charlotte street, into the parish of Samt Botolph, without Aldgate, in the manor of East Smithfield,

otherwise called Saint Botolph, without Aldgate, East Smithfield, to the north-west extremity of a building belonging to John James esquire, and 7*occupied by Mefirs. Jones and Bullcock, as an iron foundry, and along^the west side of (and including) the same, to the south-west comer there-1 of, at the north end of the pillage or way, called Dock Side West, then r turning eastward as far as the width or the said north end of the said d passage or way, and again turning southward, along the west side of (and

including within the lame with all its rights and boundaries) the Hermit tage dock and bridge, to the south-west comer thereof, adjoining to the south-east extremity of the wharf and buildings belonging to William

i'1 Downe, and commonly known by the name of Hawley's Wharf, and also (including the wtftern extremities of the lame) a building used as an J engine house, as also two houses belonging to the said John James, and

in the several occupations of John Tunbridge, Adam Martin, and John 'f Watkins; and also a certain piece of ground belonging to the said William - Downe, and tiled as a wharf for Hupping mud, allies, and other foil,

commonly called a Dung Wharf; and also a certain timber building,

belonging to the said William Downe, now in ruins, and used as a ware-house; all which five several parcels of buildings and ground are situate: < on the weltern bank of the Hermitage dock, and are, together with so much of the f.iid dock, as lies to the welt ward of the central fine of the same, within the parish of Saint Botolph, without Aldgate, in the manor of East Smithfield, otherwise called Saint Botolph, without Aldgate, East Smithfield; and further bounden on the south, by croifing the iouth end - of the Hermitage dock, from the south-east extremity of Hawley's 1 wharf before rented, to the south-west extremity of the wharf and the > buildings belonging to Saint Andrew Saint John, and commonly known.f by the name of Hore's Whart; there again entering the parish of Saint John of Wapping, including the ground, foil, or Ipace, as far to the southward thereof within the above limits into the river Thames as thirty feet, and so as not to injure the navigation of the said river j thence returning northward through the aforesaid premises, belonging to Saint Andrew Saint John, and in the occupation of Edward Hore, to the north-welt corner of the lame, adjoining to Wapping street, thence crossing Wapping street, to the fouthem comer of a house belonging to the said John James, and in the occupation of George Folkcs, situate on the north side of Wapping Itrect, and numbered three, and running 'K along (and including) the south-east face of the south-west corner of a certain warehouse or (table, belonging to John Raban, as executor of; 2. 1. l a 1 hornau

y CjOCH7l0

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

Thomas Lord, and in the occupation of the said Edward Rorc, and eastward and northward along (and including) the south and east tides of the lame, to Charlotte street; thence crofting Charlotte street, in a right line to the south-east comer of Hermitage yard, including all and every such parts of the said Hermitage dock and bridge, with all its right and boundaries, as lie to the eastward of the central Tine of the same, and are withn the parish of Saint John of Wapping, and along (and including) the south face of a dwelling house belonging to John Rixon, and in his own occupation, to the south-east extremity of the same, there entering the parbh of Saint George, Middlesex, commonly called Saint George in the Eat; all which last recited premises are within the said parish of Saint John of Wapping. From thence going east ward along the north side of Great Hermitage llreet, (including all the buildings and premises within the same) to the south-we ft corner of Fryer's hill, there returning northward, along the west side of the said street, or way, called Frytr's hill, (including all the buildings and premifea within the same), to the north-calf extremity of certain premites belonging to John James, and in the ! occupation of Ann Harwood; thence crossing the said Fryer's hill, ani j proceeding eastward along the south side of a cooperage yard, include the same, belonging to the said John Rixon, and in the occupation ot Charles Rixon and Richard Hovill, as also the south side of premises, situate on the louth side of Red Mead lane, belonging to Peter Taylor; esquire, and in the several occupations of Edward Mansfield and Charles 1 Wells, returning northward along (and including) the east side of the said I last mentioned premises in the occupation of Charles Wells; and thence eastward across Mathew's court, along and including the south side of ! the premises belonging to Jonathan Mathew's, and in the several occu. pations of James Corbet and William Christophef, and returning north, ward along and including the east side of the said last-mentiond prem/fer in the occupation of William Christopher; thence proceeding eafhnrd ( across the common fewer, and running along and including the south side \ of a house and premises situate on the west side of King llreet, Sarapfon'i gardens, belonging to Mary Scott, in the occupation of William Coombe, 'number four, to the south east corner thereof; then crossing King street aforesaid, to the north-west extremity of Brett street, and along the north J side thereof (including all the buildings and premises within the same), to j the east end of the said street; and from thence returning fouthwardaioeg the east side of Prince's street, (including all the buildings and premiio within the same), and eastward along the north side of the east end ot Great Hermitage street, (including all the buildings and premises within the same), and across the north end of Ruflcll's buildings; froratbeos returning southward along the east side of RuflcH's buildings, (include all the buildings and premises within the same), to the south-east corns thereof next Wapping street, and eroding Wapping street, to the north-

west corner of a building belonging to--- Hyde, and in the occupation

of Peter Meftaer, and used as a reed died, attached to and on the east»side of Bell dock, there re-entering the aforesaid parish of Saint John o: Wapping; all which last recited premises are in the aforesaid pirilboi Saint George Middlesex, commonly called Saint George in the EaI: thence running farther southward along (but not including) the etfterr side or bank of Bell dock to the south-east extremity of the same, on the bank of the north side of the river Thames; thence proceeding eastwad along the said bank of the north side of the river Thames, to the south-west extremity of the publick alley or passage way leading to and fron Wapping old stairs, including all the buildings and premises upon iod within the said bank of the said river, and including the ground, foil, of space, as far to the southward thereof, within the above limits, into the*river Thames, as thirty feet, and lb as not to injure the navigation of the said river; thence returning northward along (and including) the premises on the west side of the said publick alley or passageway to the north-east corner thereof next Wapping street, number two hundred and ninety; thence crofting Wapping street, to the south east corner of the watch hou/e, on the north side of the said street; and from thence northward

8S3

1800.] ' 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 47*.

ward and eastward along (but not including) the west and north (ides of the church yard wall of Saint John of Wapping; and thence running north-eastward and crofting the weft-end of Grten bank, to the south-west corner of Bird street, there re-entering the aforesaid parish of Saint George Middlesex, commonly called Saint George in the Ealt; all which last recited premises are within the aforesaid parish of Saint John of Wapping: and farther northward along the whole length of the west side of Bird street, (including all the buildings and premises within the same), and crofting the north end thereof to the eastward along the north side of Tench street, (including all the buildings and premises within the Tone), and crofting Harriet's place, at the foutf end thereof, to the west end of a passageway leading unto Anchor and Hope alley, and along and including the north side of the said past'ageway t; ll it meets the west side of Anchor and Hope alley; from thence running northward along the west side of Anchor and Hope alley, (including all the buildings and premiits within the same), to the north end thereof, as also along the west side of Broad street, (including all the buildings and premift-s within the same), till it meets the return line of the north side of Worcester street; thence crofting Broad street, and running eastward along the north side of Worcester street, (including all the buildings and premises within the same), and eroding Old Gravel lane in the same line of direction, till it meets the ea/t side thereof; from thence proceeding fourhward along the said east side of Old Gravel lane aforelairi, (including all the bmlcings and premises within the same), to the northwelt extremity of Charles street; then running eastward along the north side of Charles street, (including all the buildings and premises within the same), and extending eastward from the ealt end thereof, to the north-west extremity of certain premises belonging to the trultee9 of the charity commonly called Raines's Hospital, and along Paradise row, along adjoining on (but not including) the noith wall of the said premises called Raines's Hospital, to the north-enft extremity thereof; thence crofting the street or way called Fawdon Fields, to the south-west extremity of a house, situate on the east side of Pie said street or way, belonging to Thomas Robins, and in the occupation of James Sibley; from thence running; south ward along, and including the west side of the said premises to the south-west extremity thereof, as also along (and including) the wtft side of the premises in the same line of

direction belonging to Mrs.--- James, and in the occupation of the said James Sioiey, to the north-west extremity of James's place, there returning eastward and southward, round and including the south and west boundaries of the said premises, till the line enters the waste called Fawdon Field, at the south-west extremity of the said premises, there crolfing the waste to the north-west extremity o! a yard or garden appertaining to a house situate on the north side of King street, belonging to John Puce, and in the occupation of Thomas inltant, from thence running southward along and including the west hounds of the said garden and house, to the south-west extremity thereof next King street, from thence running eastward along the north side of the east end of King street, (including all the buildings and premises within the same), to the lbuth-east corner thereof next New Gravel line, tin re entering the parish of Saint Paul's Shadwell, otuerwife called Saint Paul Shad well, otherwise C had five 11 j all which last recited premises are within the aforesaid parish of Saint George, Middlesex, commonly called Saint George in the East: from thence proceeding northward along the west lide of New Gravel lane, (including all the buildings and premises within the same), till it meets the return line of the north side of Milk yard, thence crofting New Gravel lane, an 1 them e extending eastward along the north side t)f Milk yard, as also of the street or way called The Lower Turning (including all the buildings and premil'cs within the same), till it meets the south-west corner ot Great Spring street, thence extending eastward to the north-welt corner of the premises situate on the south side of Brewhouse yard, belonging to Richard Carpenter Smith, esquire, and in the occupation of Michael Dunn, and running southward along and including the west bounds of the same, as well as of other premises, belonging to

ill; the

I

884 Public Local and Personal Acts [i8oq.

the said Richard Carpenter Smith, and which are unoccupied, and return, ing eastward along and including the south bounds of the said last recited premiss, as also of other premiles belonging to the said Richard Carpenter Smith, in the occupation of Andrew Bradford, to the ibuth extremity of the same, from thence running southward and eastward, round and including the west and south (ides of the premises belongingroMary Darton,

and in the several occupations of-James Wafer, - Cooper, --- Smith,

- Savage, and John Wallis, and res urning southward from thefouth-cd extremity of the said last mentioned premises, situate on the south esHera bound of the turn of Wapping wall, (thereby crofting Wapping wall)to, the north-cast comer of a house belouging to the dean of Saint Paul !, London* and in the occupation cf Ann Tingling, thence extending south-westward to the north west extremity of the premises situate on the south

side of Wapping wall aforesaid, belonging to Mistress--- Fendall, and

in the oocupation of William Hill, and returning southward along and I

including the west side of the same till it again meets the bank of the

north side of the river Thames, at the south*west corner of the said hit recited premises, thence proceeding eastward along the said bank of the j

north side of the river Thames, to the south-western extremity of the '

Eremites occupied by and belonging to Shadwell dock, including all the uildings and premises upon and within the said bank of the said river, and including the ground, foil, or space, as far to the southward thereof within the above limits into the river Thames as thirty feet, and so«not to injure the navigation of the said river 5 and further bounded on the east side thereof, by extending northward from the said south weftenux* tremity of the premises belonging to and occupied by the Shadwell dock, along (but not including) the west side of the same, to the north-west comer thereof, there eroding lower Shnd.wtll street, to the south-wtft corner of Griffin street, ami going northward along, and including the premifts on the we it side thereof, to the no: t h-eait com r of a cotam yard or piece of ground belonging d> the a fort Paid de.tn of Saint Paul's, 1 London, and in the occupation of Henry Fletcher, and thence returning we ft ward along and including; the north bounds of the said hft-nratiowd yard or piece of ground, thrive returning northward along and including the east (ides oi certain other premises situate on the east side of Fox'* lane, belonging to the aforesaid dean of Saint Paul's, London, in the (eve-; ral occupations of William Hill, William Lawson, and Richard and Andrew Doweling; and returning west ward along the north side of the said last recited premises, till it metts the east side of Fox's lane aforesaid, there eroding the said lane, and proceeding northward along the west side thereof, (including all the buildings and premises within the same), to the fouih-eait extremity cf Shadwell church yard; and farther bounded on the north by proceeding west ward along (hut not including) Shadwell church yard wall, to the south west corner of the same, and thence westward along and including the north side of the premiles situate on the east side of Shakespeare's walk, belonging to William RHe, numbered forty, in the occupition of James Sargent, there erwfing Shakespeare's walk, and proceeding westward along and including the north fi le of the preirufis fitmte on the west side of Stafe-fpsare's walk, belonging to William Cimper, and in the occupation of

--Welsh, numbered twenty-five, as also of other premises situate on the east side of Farmer street, belonging to the said William Camper, and in the occupation of John Procter, numbered thirty-eight, there crossing < Farmer street, and proceeding west ward along (but not including) the north side of Cow lane, to the noith welt extremity of the same, not New Gravel lane, there crofting New Gravel lane in the fime line or Cirection, thbnce returning northward, along the west side of New Gnvd, lane, (including all toe buildings and premises within the lime), to the south-east extremity of the ilreet or way called Welt's Gardens, rhence proceeding west ward along the south of West s gardens (including all the buildings and premises within the same) to the south-west extremity thereof, then returning southward, along and including the west side of a garden and other prermfes belonging to the aforesaid dean of Saint Paul's,

ar

t

1.. 3

-1

J*

I*

vil

j*

I

d

1/

1800.] 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 47*.

and in the several occupations of — Nattali and William Smellie, then re-entering at the south-west corner of the same parish of Saint George, Middlesex, commonly called Saint George in the East; all which last-re-cited premises are in the parish of Saint Paul's Shad well, otherwise called Saint Paul, Shadwell, alias Chadfwdl: then turning south-west ward along and including the north-west side of a certain meadow belonging to William Lucas, and in the occupation of William Holmes, to the north-

east corner of a garden belonging to captain --- Breaker, and in the

occupation of Thomas Reeves; thence running weltward along and including the north side of the said last mentioned garden, and along and including the north side of a yard and other pre-mill.s belonging to the aforesaid captain--- Breaker, and in the occupation of the said Thomas

Reeves, to the north-east corner of the premises number ninety-two on the east side of Old Gravel lane a fore laid, belonging to Thomas Hawes, and in the occupation of John Hag n, and along and including the north side of the same; thence crofting Old Gravel lane, to the south-east extremity of Pennington street, thence continuing wdlward along the south side of Pennington street, for the whole length thereof (including all the buildings and premises within the same), to the south-west extremity thereot; thence crofting Virginia street, to the east of King's Head alley, at the north-east extremity of the premises uftd as a timber yard, belonging to the estate of the late Jeremiah Ergift, to whom William Wheeler is executor, and in the occupation of William Mountford, there again re-entering the parish of Saint John of Wapping; all which last recited premises are in the parish of Saint George, Middlesex, commonly called Saint George in the East; and from thence continuing wdlward along and including the north hounds of the said timber yard, as also of a house and other premiles belonging to the said estate of Jeremiah Ergast: aforesaid, and in the occupation of Simon Smith, adjoining on the south side of King's Head alley aforesaid, to the south end of Wiltshire lane, and thence returning northward from the lbuth-weft extremity of the said Wiltshire lane, along the west side thereof (including all the buildings and premiles within the font), to Parson s street; from thence returning west ward along the south side of the welt tnd of Parson's street, and from the westward extremity of the same, along the south side of East Smithfield, including all the buildings and premises within each of the same respectively, to the uorth-east corner of Nightingale lane, aforesaid; all which last recited premises are in the said parish of Saint John^ Wapping. Company not to make Hups, &c. for building or repairing \^vessels. Directors empowered to build and make a wall round the dock \

' for unloading ships, as also to inclose the quays. For supplying the docks,. ! &c. with water from the river Thames. To make bridges and other I pafljges. Company to cause fewevs and drains to be arched over; and j to build new ones under the direction of the commissioners of sewers. j \ New lewers to be vested in the of of lewers. Power to pur- ( 1 chafe land and to treat. Limiting the power of purchasing to five years. J j When parties refulc or are unable to treat, &c. the directors to issue a»j precept for impannelling a jury. Mon, y allowed for lands, &<: purchased,;

\ how to be chargeal and tendered. Estates purehaled to vest absolutely in 1 the company. Company to purebate Shadwell water works for fifty'thousand pounds. Application ot compensation money for lands, &c.

; Tenants at will, Sec. to deliver possession on six months notice. Mortgagees on tender of principal and interest to convey; on refusal interest; to cease. Bargains and files to have the force of fines and recoveries.

\ Directors may fell, let, or exchange estates. Hocks to be completed in)

; seven years. Empoweang the company to scour the bed of the river,

/. and preserving it to a certain depth. Company to make sluices. See. and; to repair and cleanse the docks. All erections, &c. made, to be veiled i in the company. Rates to be paid lor ships entering the basons, docks, or cuts according to re g liter tonnage. First class. For every ship or?

' vdfel, including colliers trading coastwise between the port of London; and any port in Great Britain, Orkney, Shetland or the western islands of Scotland per ton, one shilling. Second clafe. To or from Ireland, the

j. l l 4 I fie

by

885

Public Local and Personal A<flsDSoo

Hie of Man, Guernsey, Jersey, the coast of France, from Uwint to; Dunkirk, the coast: of Flanders, Holland, Germany, and Denmark from \ Dunkirk, to below Elfineur to the North Cape, per ton, one Hulling and \ three pence. Third chfs. To or from Ellineur, and to and from ill*ports and places whatsoever in the Baltick, Archangel, Onega, and aO \ port? and places to the eastward of the North Ope, per ton, one shillinp'and sixpence. Fourth class. To or from France, to the l'outliward of J Ushant, the coaits of Spain and Portugal, to the northward of Cape Saint Vincent's, Newfoundland, Madeira, the Canarie?. the Azores, per ton, one shilling and nine pence. Fifth class. To or frQtn all ports or places in Europe, to the southward of Cape Saint Vincent's, all ports and places within the Mediterranean, Africa, North America, South Amnio,

\ the Southern Whale Fishery, Hudion's Ray, per ton, two shillings. Sixth, class. To or from all po: ts or places in the East Indies. China, Perfii,

; and to and from all other ports or places whatsoever nut he em before: named, per ton, two shillings and hxpence. Also, for every article of

merchandize, whether subject to any duty ofeustoms or not, and which \ shall be landed or shipped, within the dock premises, there (trail be col.

' lotted and paid a rate or duty, not exceeding the rate or charge hereto*

fore usually paid in the port of London, for landing, loacting, houling,

and shipping every such article, during the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. Lighters and craft entering the docks, ir. to discharge or receive ball aft or goods to or from on board any ship exempted' from rates. Manner of recovering rates. To al'certain the toting of \\ {hips. Collectors, &c. to have access to registers of ships at the cuSoia*

1 house. Power to measure, &c. ships and vessels. custom-house offi.ro \ not to discharge any vessel before duties paid. Mailers of vesselsto rro*

duce certificates of such payment, Which the receivers of the dii»i«

'i must give. Ships laden with tobacco (rice not the produce of the East

or West Indies), wine or brandy not imported from the East or West j Indies, to unload their cargoes at the docks. Vessels not having oo

board more than twenty pipes of wine or brandy or fifty bant Is ot sice,

: not compellable to go into the docks. VcilHs ir.ay unload fruit ?.t: ny other place, previous to entering the docks- If at any time ships laden as above cannot be admitted into the docks, the conimiffoncrsof Lhe customs may authorise the cargoes of those ships to be landed at other legal quays. Vi ffi Is delivering part of their cargoes at the docks, cr on, the quays, or other landing places in the isle of Dogs, and part at the docks, Arc. directed by this att, to pay a rateable pm of the duties uo* .? der the former and this att. All atts prohibiting the entrmcc of ship into wet docks in the river Thrums, repealed. Goods, &c. landed or \ shipped upon or from the docks, subject to the same reguln: ons asthe; present legal quays. Directors empowered to appoint clerks, treifurro, r and Other officers, taking security and allowing them friaries. DirccUri'to make regulations fjir clerks and officers, and may repeal, alter and amend the fime. Rules subject to the controul of the company. Penalty on breaking or extinguishing lamps. Directors to appoint a dock msfter. For regulating the moor.ngs ot ships and vdfcls. Regulations as ro - lighters anchcraft. For keep ng the e.isrmce to the docks clear. Vrfds not to land goods in the docks. &c. at other pic es thr, n quays and lend- ing places. Co-ubuftible matter to be removed within twelve hours; in ^case it cannot be removed within that time, the proprietors ther^ta.maintain watchmen. For Tenuring the batons, Sec. Removal of wnAi, See, To prevent ntiifauces in ihe bason and docks. See, Timber not to i remain in the dock more than forty-eight hours. Pcifiltv against ddftoy-j ing ropts of vessels not exceeding twenty pounds. Regulations forpre* 1 venting accidents by fire. Bdi to be rung to put out lights, &c, No j coin'uiftible matter to he melted on board any v<(LI within the dock, i: t Vdfcls may lie to unload within the foci: for lix weeks, and two wcib'more upon piyment of one tarthing per ton, am; for every further week one haltp. nny per ton. Power for dock mnfter to order out light vilias, &c. Owners of vdfcls answerabfc for damages done by their own tar.

viols

1800.] - 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 47*.

vants or others.*Milters and owners answerable for damages. Persons setting fire to or damaging the works or vessels in the batons, guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy. Company may purchase lands on the north side of Ratclilfe Highway, for roads. Power to lay materials for building ok the adjoining premilcs. satisfying the owners. Company may make bricks of any dimensions. To grant licences for building on parts of the streets, Scc. Monies arising by leases, fdes or licences, to he appropriated to the purposes of this art. Compensation to be made for the tythes of the lands, &c. to be taken for the purposes of this art. For making compensation to the'zniniiters of certain parishes for Io(s of fur-plice 1'ecs; and for tythes of premises on the south side of Ratclilfe Highway. Compensation to be made by the company for deficiencies of assessments for land tax; and paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and poor's rates. For farisfartion for pavement in Saint Paul's Shad well and Saint George's parishes. Compensation to be made for deficiencies of fewer rates. Compensation to be made to the owners. See. of, and persons employed on any quays or wharfs or other tenements, which may be rendered less valuable, by rtafon of the intended works, and to the governors of Christ's Hosp'tal, f if necessary) on account of Car-rooms. Commissioners of the treasury to purchase the legal quays, Sec. between Lonuon bridge and the Tower ol London. Commissioners of cornpen-fation under the isle of Dogs art, to be the commissioners for the like purposes under this art. In case the river tolls to be levied under the isle of Dogs art, for making compenfacion, shall he sufficient for the purposes of both arts, no addition d river toll to be levied. If any further sum should be deemed nectlTry for compensation, an additional toll or duty to be levied under the warrant of the lords of the treasury. All tolls or duties to be raised by this act for compensation to be paid to his Majesty. No claims to be made for Inch I a ft- mentioned compenfitions until three years after notice of the docks, See. being ready for use $ and all fuel! claims are to be made and entered in a book within one year after the expiration of the said term of throe years, or otherwise to be barred. Claimants may recover compensation money from persons who shall have wrongfully received the lame. To repeal tho^ chillies in an art of the*thirty-irnth of his Majesty, which direct lord Gwydir, on receiving a ! comp, n fat ion, to liirrender the mooring chains to his Majesty I and which*dirtct compensation to be made to the said lord Gwydir and Ids Majesty. 1 Directing lord Gwydir and all other persons entitled to the mooring chains between London bridge and Rugby's hole, to allign and surrender " to his Majesty, and th (t compt illation should be made for such assignment. Directing that after alignment or Ihucnder by lord Gwydir, all.rents, dues and other payments in respect of the mooring chains Should ceaie, subject to the regulations contained in the art of the thirty-ninth of his present Majesty. Directing piyment to lord Gwyuir, within seven months, or before the end ot one month after the expiration of the prolonged time therein-mentioned out of the consolidated fund. Directing compensation to his ivl-tjcity out of the consolidated fund for the relinquishment of rent. Sec. For payment of coifs to parties and to the arbitrators or umpire. Directing repayment to the consolidated fund for films to be advanced. Appointing arbitrators to ascertain the value of the mooring chains. Directing that the lord mayor, aldermen and commons of the city of London, after the assignment or surrender of the mooring chairrs, Hull have and excroife the several powers by the art of thirty-ninth of George the Third, given them for repairing, Sec. of the mooring chains, and that nothing in this art Hull abridge the power of the lord mayor to appoint harbour mailers. Directing the deputy remembrancer of the exchequer to invert the money in navy, victualling or exchequer bills. Clerk of the company to keep accounts of receipts and; disburtemtnls. The dock company's works to be executed as loon as,

polfinle, and a statement of the progress thereof to be laid before parlia* -\ irunt yearly. Directors to lay an account before parliament yearly, t*Nothing in this art contained is to prejudice any rtmedy against the f

furetita of officers. For saving the rignts of the Trinity House, Rights

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

of his Majesty and the corporation of London not to be prejudiced. Lord mayor empowered, as conservator of the river Thames, to punish offences against this act, or any byelaws to be made as aforesaid. Tdc rights or privileges of the West India doc£ company and the lord of tbf

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

manor of Stepney not, to, be prejudiced. <. Recovery and application of penalties/ All fiiTes above forty fhitlfngs to go to the company for the injuries sustained $ and all of and under forty shillings to be divided. One third to the merchant Teamen's office j one third to Teamen'9 and lighter-men's families disabled in the docks; one third to old worn out dot* s fei vajit£*. Penalties may be mitigated. Form of conviction. Parties aggrieved may appeal. Expences of the act to be paid out of subscription money. Proceedings not to he vacated for want of form only. Tdc 1 treasurer of the company may be made the nominal plaintiff or default \ in adtiens and suits to be brought by or against the company. LimiUtioa \ of actions. General blue.

Cap. 49.

An act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in repair, the streets, squares, and other publick passages and places, which are and Hull be made upon certain pieces or plots of ground, in the parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, belonging to the most noble Francis duke of Bedford.

[June ao, 1800.]

WHEREAS the moll noble Francis duke of Bedford is seised of or intitled to the pieces or plots of ground situate in the parish of Saint Pancras in the county of Middlesex herein after mentioned; (that is to say), All those several pieces or plots of ground abutting upon lands of lord Southampton in part, and upon land of the worftnptul the company of Skinners in other part, towards the south; upon the estate of the said company of Skinners in part, and upon the estate of the governors and guardians of the Foundling hospital, towards the east, upon the estate of the said duke of Pa -'ford, in the parishes of Saint George Biooaibury and Saint Oilc6 in the Fie./s, or one of them, towards the south; and upon the yards, gardens, and buildings behind the houses forming such part of the east tides of Gower street and Upper Gower street as belong to the said duke of Bedford in part; upon other yards, gardens. ?u3 buddings beh nd the houses forming the remainder of the east side of the said street called Upper Gower street, belonging to lord Southampton, in other part; and up an the estate now or late belonging to Hans tV; n: rop Mortimer esquire, m other parts, towards the west; and alfu all tbol* two pieces or plots of ground abutting c.pon the road leading toPancns, called Fig lane, towards the north; upon the piece of ground hereafter described, in part; upon the estate of the worftiiuful company of Brewen, in other p »rt, and upon land of lord Somers in other part, towards the east; upon land of the said lord Somers in part, and upon land of lord Southampton in other part, towards the south; and upon the roadfoding from Hampstead to Tottenham Court road towards the west; also all that piece or plot of ground abutting upon Fig lane aforesaid towards the north; upon the road leading from Gray's Inn lane to High-gate towards the east, and upon land of the Brewers company toward the south and west: and whereas it is intended to make several ftrtdJ, squares, and other publick past'ages and places on the said pieces or pb: i or ground: and whereas it would contribute to the benefit and fikty of nil persons who shall be inhabitants of the said intended streets, squares, pastages, and places, and to all persons who shall have occasion to just along the same, if provision was made for forming, paving, repiinag, and keeping in repair such intended streets, squares, pillages and placet; and also for cleansing, lighting, watching, and watering the same; jed for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments therein. Certain persons to be of for five Years. On the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and five and afterward*

889

1800.] 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 50*.

wards annually the inhabitants to ele# twenty, one persona to be commissioners. Cemrrufiioners for five years to a#, after that time, if there shall not be a sufficient number of qualified inhabitants. How commissioners are to be appoint d on vacancies between general elections. Meeting of of Special meetings may be held. Proceedings of of to be entered in a book. Officers to be appointed to give security. Treasurer and collector to account. Commissioners to pave and repair streets, &c. The area of the squares to be made under the direction of the duke of Bedford. Commissioners may purchase or hire ground for getting mitvii?.ls and for building watch Uouics; and erect watch box^s; and may purchase or hire carriages, Arc. Pavement vtfte-i in of Lamps to be set tip, and streets, Sec. named, and houses numbered. Streets to be watered. Commissioners may contract for performing works. Commissioners may employ surveyors, and sue and compound for breach of contracts. Commissioners annually to make out account of receipts and disbursements. Householdtr making complaint of defective pavement or lighting surveyor to view it, and if btietfive to give notice to contractor. For preventing encroachments. Penalties on occas oning nuisances. Hoards may be erected. Penalty on leaving carriages, vv.\ in the streets. Dirt not to be swept into any common fewer or within ten feet of any grate and three feet from the channel. Scavengers only to carry away dirt, allies, Sec. Regulation ns to night foil. Scavengers duty, inhabitants exempted from the office of scavenger and from hanging out lights. Regulations for repairing water pipes. Pavement taken up for repairing water pipes to be relayed at-the owner's expence. Ihiviors and turncocks to give notice of their abode to surveyors. Commissioners of sewers to repair drains, See. under their direction, and owners of pipes to pay the expmees of repairing them, Sec. Watchmen to be appointed. Rates to be hid on houses, &c. For paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the streets, Sec. two shillings in t ie pound. For forming, making, inclosing, ornamenting r.nd embcJlishing the centres, areas, or middle spaces of the fejuares, one shilling in the pound. For watching the streets, &c. lixptnee in the pound. For watering the streets, Sec. six pence in the pound. How the yearly value ot houses is to be aft ert 'ined. Empty noufes to be charged with bait rates. Publick buildings to be rated according to the number of square yards of paving belonging thereto. Rates of houses let to am (Tutors to be paiu by landlords. Lessees, Sec. fube# to rates of houses let to lodgers. Houses putly within and partly without the limits of this a# how to be rated. Arrears of r.dea how to be recovered. Commissioners may bring adlio is for rates. Poor r., tes may be inspected. Rate books to be admitted evidence. For reimbursing the duke of Bedford money he shall Hy out in forming, inclosing, raising in, making, ornamenting and embellishing the intended squares, with interest. Rdes on the houses encompassing the new l'quares not to take place until the Fine are tiled in anil paved in front. Commissioners may make allowances to such persons as may have paved at their own expence. Commissioners may borrow money on mortgage or by annuities. Money borrowed r.ot to exceed fifty thouHnd pounds. Creditors to be paid by ballot Inhabitants may give evidence. Commissioners to sue or be surd in the name of tiicir treasurer or clerk. To enable the duke of Bedford to pi are w dis, pales, Sec. at the end of any llreet adjoining the estates of the Skinners comp ny an; Hans Wintrop Mortimer esquire. Appeal. Rates or proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, or removed by Certiorari. Plaintiff shall not recover after tender of sufficient amends. Di/treis not unlawful for want of form. Limitation or actions. Treble costs. Publick a#.

Cap. 50.

An act for enclosing and em belli thing the centre or area of a certain fqiirre, intended to be called Russel Square, ptirposed to be made in the p.irish of Saint George bloorri/bury, in the county of Middlesex, and for forming and making the same into a pleasure ground, and for continning. and keeping the same in repair.

[June ao, 1800.]

WHEREAS

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

WHEREAS a square, intended to be called Ruffe! Square, is purposed to be made on a certain piece or plot of ground, belonging to the moil noble Francis duke of Bedford, situate in the parish of Saint George Bloomsbury,: n the county of Middlesex, on the east side of which hoiills of considerable value have already been erested, and on the other Tides thereof are intended to be erected: and whereas it would be much to the benefit and advantage of the owners and occupiers of the 1. houses ertHed and to bt* erected in the said intended square, if the centre or area of the lame was inclosed and raised in with iron rails, and if such inclosure or inclosed part was planted and laid out with walks, and properly ornamented and Imbcllished, and made into a pleasure ground; and if provision w.is made lor raising money to defray the rxpence of forming, inclosing, making, planting, ornamenting and embellishing mch inclosure cr pleasure giound, and of continuing and keeping the same in repair* Certain persons appointed of for live years, and afterwards the inhabitants to be commissionrfs. Meeting of corntnifliomrs, Women may vote by proxy. Commissioners may appoint officers. Proceedings to be entered in a book, and deemed evidence. Po*er to (tt out pleasure ground, &c. The inheritance of the pleasure ground not to be altered. Materials, &c. veiled in trustees. To prevent annoyances, Commissioners may contrail for making pleasure ground. Commissioner§ may compound for penalties. The duke of Bedford and the occupier!of houses to h »ve the exclusive use of the inclosure. Rates, kc. for the several purposes of this act to be one Aiilling in the pound. Emoty houses J to be charged with half rates. Rates of ambaffadois houses to be paid by i the owners. Exemption of the houses of lord Loughborough and firveral1 other proprietors, from payment of rates for forming the square. Landlords, &rc. fubielt to the payment of rates of houses let to lodgers, 4c. Commencement of rates. Until houses shall be erected and become rateable, the duke of Bedford shall pay the amount of the rates. Commissioners may borrow four thousand pounds on mortgage or by annuities. Securities to be entered in a book. Treasurers and coiIeftors to account. Recovery and application of penalties. Rate books to be admitted evidence. Dlftrels not to be deemed unlawful for want of fcrin. Proceedings not to be qu.tlhcd for want of form or removed by Certiorari. Appd. Limitation of allions.

Cap.

An act for enabling the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Leicester navigation to Melton Mowbray, in the county of Leicester, to complete their navigation, and to discharge the debts contra&d rv t them in the making thereof; and for amending the act passed id list ' -thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said navigation.

[June ao, 1800.]

Former all recited. Company empowered to raise the further sum of ten thousand pounds by new fuolcribers or mortgige. Additional rates of tonnage. For all coals carried from the Leicester navigation to Eye-Kettleby, Syfonbv, or Melton Mowhtay, and which shall not be earned so far as the fifth lock on the Oakham canal, one shilling per ton. For all coals carried from the Leicester navigation to the fifth lock on, the Oakham canal, sixpence per ton. For all coals carried upon any pm of the said navigation, and which shall not be carried so far as Eyc-Krtilrhy, Syfonby, or Melton Mowbray, one penny per ton, per mile, for all iron, timber, and other goods carried from the Leicester navigation to.Eye-Kettleby, Syfonby, or Melton Mowbray, and which shall not be carried lb far as the fifth lock on the Oakham canal, one shilling and six-pence per ton. For all iron, timber, and other goods carried from the Oakham canal, Melton Mowbray, Syfonby or Eye-Kettleby to the Leicester navigation, one Drilling and sixpence per ton. For all iron, hmher, and other goods carried more than five miles upon the navigation, and shall be afterwards carried to the fifth lock on the Oakham canal, nine

pw*

89

1800.] 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 56, 57*.

pence per ton. For all iron, timber, and other goods carried upon any

Eirt of the navigation, and which shall not he carried so far as from the eicester navigat-on to Eye Kettleby, Syfonby, or Melton Mowbray, or shall not be carried lo far as from the Oakham canal, Melton Mowbray, Syfonby, or Eye-Kettleby to the Leicester navigation, one penny halfpenny

[Publick act.]

Eer ton, per mile. For all lime, limestone, and Hones, to be used for uilding, and materials for paving and repairing roads, half the rates taken on coals. No additional tonnage on goods which shall pass out of the Oakham canal, and shall be carried no further upon the Melton Mowbray navigation, than into the publick baton at the termination thereof at Melton Mowbray, nor on any timber, (tone, lime, or other materials navigated on the Melton Mowbray navigation, and afterwards used in making or repairing the Oakham canal. For reducing the additional tonnage in the proportion which the Oakham company il.all reduce theirs. Five of the committee shall he competent to ad, Conveyances to be inrolled. Application of compensation money for lands, &c.

Cap. 56.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Oakham canal to raise money for completing the said canal j and also for altering and amending an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal. [June ao, 1800.]

Former ad recited. Power to raise a further sum of money. Power to create new shares or borrow money on bonds and promissory notes. Compelling personts to make good their engagements. Mode of creating new shares. No more than eighty-six thousand pounds to be raised by virtue of the recited and this act. Power to make calls. Company may compound for the'arrears of calls. Company authorised to (ell forfeited shares. Additional rates of tonnage. For all coals carried upon the navigation, one penny halfpenny per ton, per mile, without being landed or unloacted, but shall in no case exceed one shilling and six pence per ton.

For all iron, timber, coaks, and other goods, carried on the navigation, two pence per ton, per mile, without being landed or unloacted, but shall in no case exceed two shillings per ton. For all lime, limestone, (tones, and bricks used for building, and materials for paving and repairing roads, half the rates to be taken on coals. For reducing the additional tonnage

on merchandize in the proportion the Melton Mowbray company reduce theirs. For obtaining an additional supply of water from Langhara brook in certain cases. Company not to take any water from Langham brook, in certain cases. Compensation to be made for damages by loss of water.

For obtaining an additional supply of water from Saxby brook in certain cases. Comp my not to take any water from Saxby brook in certain cases. Compensation to be made for damage by loss or water. General assemblies to be yearly held on the first Thuiiday in April and October.

[Publick act.]

To prevent waite of water. Penalty on unauthorised persons using towing paths, or opening locks, wafting water, &c. Application of the money arising from the Tale of settled estates. Altering time limited for completing the navigation.

Cap. 57.

An act for better enabling the company of proprietors of the Lancaster canal navigation to complete the larne.

[June 20, 1800.]

Former acts recited. Power to raise two hundred thousand pounds by creating new thares. Disposition of new shares. Money lent to the company may be deducted. Money owing for lands may be deduded.

[Publick act.]

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

Cap. 60.

An act for establishing and well governing the charitable institution commonly called The Aflylum, or Hout'e of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found, and for incorporating the subscribets thereto; and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and ufehil deiigra.

[June 20, 1800.]

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

WHEREAS in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight a charitable focifty was entered into by several noblemen, gentlemen, and others, for t-ftxblishing an asylum or housefor the reception, maintenance, education, and employment of friendlcfs and deserted orphan girls, the settlerr.ents of whole parents could not be found, and the same hath been from that time carried on in an house and prcir.ife*provided for the purpose, situate in the parish of Saint Muy Lambeth, is the county of Surrey, and the Lid charity hath been supporLd by the voluntary subsci ipcions and donations of charitable and wdl difpjfc.I per. Tons, and acry great number of inch orphan girls have been received into and maintained and educated thereby, and at proper ages apprenticed therefrom, and such orphan girls have not only oeen ffieltertd and protested from vice and want, but carefully infrrufted in the principles of religion, and in reacting, writing, needlework, and boufciiold Dufioefe, and trained to habits of inriuftry, and regularity, whereby the pubhehath been and continues to be provided with a supply of diligent and sober female domestic l'ervants: and whereas experience hath ihevvn that the Lid charity hath been iiitherto of consider.ible use and an advantage to the public, and it is apprehended that it countenanced and supported by the laws of this realm, and dtablished upon a permanent footing and vetted with powers for better enabling, the subscribers thereto to carry into execution their charitable and useful deligns, the Lid charity would be of much more extensive use, and of full greater benefit and advantage to the public, as being a means (by an increase from time to time of the funds of the said charity) of adding to the number of objects to be received therein, and to derive benefit therefrom. Certain person* incorporated by the name of "The President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer, and Guardians of the Asylum, for the reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found". Power to bind apprentices. A general court to be held quarterly. Treasurer and committee chosen every year. General courts to trans.ift all hufiness, Sic. and may delegate powers to committee, and make bye laws, and to revoke or alter them. No bye law binding, unless confirmed by a general court. Persons in whole names monies are inverted, Sic to transfer and allign the same to the corporation. Power for treasurer with the consent of committee to invest; except such as the exigencies of the corporation ftiali requite in any of the pu dick funds. Dividends, See. to be applied for the purposes of this act. Election of a president, vice president or treasurer, in the room of such as shall die or relign. All questions to be decide! by vet: General court to fill up vacancies in the committee, and appoint officers, and allow Llaries. Committee to appoint matron, school miltrclfis, and menial servants. Committee may suspend or remove officer*, &c. and appoint others until a general court be held. Officers to account. No chaplain, Sec. to officiate, See. unless he be of the Church ot England, and ordained a priest, and duly licejifed. Ti ealurer to account to the con. mittee, orat a general court. Persons admitted into the asylum, notto gain a settlement thereby. Persona making f.dic certificates. Sic. to be committed, See. Limitation of actions. General blue.

Cap. 89.

An act to empower the governor and company of the bank of England, to purchase certain houses and ground, contiguous to thebink ofing-land, and to enable them to improve certain avenues adjacent thereto.

[June 30, 1800.]

1800.] 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 102, 104*.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

The bank empowered to purchase houses, &c. in Princes street, Lothbusy, Bartholomew lane, Drapers' court, and Threadneedle street. Materials of houses vested in the bank. Power to bodies politick, corporate, &c. to agree for the sale of houses, lands, &c. Proceedings of the court of mayor and aldermen to be entered in a book, and deemed records. Upon payment of the purchase money, lands, &c. vested in the governor and company of the bank of England. Application of compensation money. For reinvesting purchase monies by persons not incapacitated. Allowing the bank to give land to the Grocer's company in part of payment. Conveyances, &c. to be approved by attorney, or fclicitor general. Bargains and sales inrolled in the huttings of the city, to be as effectual as fines and recoveries. Claims to be made and prosecuted within five years, or right barred. But may recover against the persons receiving the purchase money. Tenants at will to deliver possession on tender of rent. Ldlees to deliver poil'ession on March 25, 18ot, on satisfaction being made. In case of refusal, sheriffs to deliver possession. Mortgagees on payment of principal and interest to convey. Upon payment of mortgage money into the bank, right in premiles to vest in the governor and company. Arter tender of monies in case of refusal, to accept the same, premises may be pulled down. Fifty pounds a year to be paid to the rector of the united parities of Saint Christopher le Stocks, and Saint Margaret, Lothbury, in lieu of surplice fees. Recompense to be made for tythes, &c. Proportion of the several taxes payable for the ground, houses. See. vested in the hank, to be for ever paid by the bank. Bank to be charged with a proportion of all other taxes, which may be hereafter imposed by parliament. Power to-take up and alter pavements, &c. in Princes street, Lothbury, Draper's court, Bartholemew lane, and Threadneedle street. For preventing annoyances in Princes street, and Lothbury. Offices of the bank exceed the dimensions mentioned in ad 14 Geo. 3. c. 78. and the bank allowed to continue their offices, and build others freed from the regulations of the said act. Committee may be appointed to carry this act into execution. Limitation of actions. General llfue.

Cap. 102.

An act to enable fir George Pigot, baronet, Margaret Fifrier, and Frances Pigot, to dispose of a certain diamond therein mentioned, by a lottery. EJuly a, lfcco.J

Eleven thousand, four hundred and twenty-eight tickets, at two guineas

each.

Cap. 104.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the third year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An act for the recovering of small debts, and for the relieving of poor debtors in London; and an ait, passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned act; and likewise for extending the powers of the court of requests in the city of London, in and by the said two several acts continued and festablished.

[July 9, 1800.]

WHEREAS an act of parliament was passed in the tl; ird year of the reign of his late majesty King James the First, intituled, A11 act for the recovering of small debts, and for the relieving of poor debtors in London: and whereas an act of parliament was passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to explain and amend an act, made in the third year of the reign of King James the First, intituled, "An act for the recovering of small debts, and for the relieving of poor debtors in London; 99 which laid acts have been found useful and beneficial, but the same are in some respects deft&iYc and insufficient fully to answer the good purposes thereby intended:

S94 Public Lqcal and Personal Acts - [180O1

and whereas if the number of the commissioners of the court of requests in the city of London were limited and ateuined i* hewn-after mentioned; ^and if the powers of the find court under the two recited acts of parliament were extended to the recovery of debts not a-ceeding five pounds, it would be attended with beneficial effects to the publick: and whereas it 'would greatly alleviate the distresses of tb« nonest and unfortunate debtor, if the said court was enabled to order k payment of debts, for which judgement shall be given, by instalments; at (fated periods, which may be possible for the debtor to pay, though it i may be absolutely impossible for him or her to satisfy the whole debt in one futn: and whereas doubts have arisen whether persons residing wrthia the city of London, or the liberties thereof, and indebted topersons wt redding within the same city or liberties, are subject to the jurisdiction of the said court; and whether rent due from lodgers and others, wap due to workmen or servants, or the quarterage due and payable by the several members of the publick companies of the said city, were recoverable in the said court; and also whether attornies and solicitors, and other officers of any of the courts of law or equity, are subject to tie procefies of the said court: and whereas it would he attended with very beneficial effects to the publick, if all debts, whether upon simple contract or otherwise, not exceeding the lum of five pounds, (except such debts where to it is herein after expressly declared that this act shall not extend), were recoverable in the lkid court: may it therefore please your Majesty that it m; iy be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kings most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritud and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much and such parts of the said two recited acts of the third year of King James the First, and the fourteci.ta year of King George the Second, as confine or restrain the cognizance or jurisdiction of the court of requests of the city of London to debts not exceeding the sum of forty shillings, shall ( from and after the thirtieth day of September one thousand eight hundred) be, and the same ire hereby repealed.

II. And, for the due and regular appointing, and for limiting and if-cerraining the number of the commissioners of the said court ot requesti, be it further enacted, That two aldermen of the city of London, together with not less than twenty inhabitant ho nil'holders of the respective wards or districts herein after mentioned (including the common council men for the time being of the said respective wards or distrifls) shall be nominated and appointed in such manner as hath been berctofcre a: -customed to be of of, and to (it as usual in the said court, for one calendar month, in the rotation following; (that is to lay),

In the prefenr ( For the month )

year 1800. (

1801.

1803,

of October j November December January February March April May June July

August

September

October

November

December

January

of the ward of Cheap.

Bread street. CandlewicL JDowgate.

Bridge.

Walbrook. Bailifhaw. Cordwainer. Coleman street. Farringdon within, f Cripplegate within I ajiu without. Tower.

(Aldgate and Lime I street.

\ and fthout. Broadftrrct.

Bilimfgifg.

Fdmry

1809.] 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 104*.

In the Year < 1802.1 (For the month > ( of February) of the Ward of Comhill.*

- March ( Aldersgate within ( and without.

- April - - Queenhith.

- May - - Cattle Baynard.

June - - Farringdon without.

- July. August - - Portsoken. -«Vintry.*- Langbourn.

- September

And that such of shall, from time to time hereafter, continue to be nominated and appointed from each of the said wards or districts, in the same rotation, for one calendar month in tvery succeeding two years, and that they the said of, so to be from time to time appointed, or any three or more of them, shall and may, from time to time, have full power and authority to hear, examine, and determine all blatters in controversy coming before them, between party and party, where the debt shall not exceed the sura of forty shillings; and that the said of so to be from time to time appointed, or any seven or more of them, shall and may, from time to time, have full power and authority to hear, examine, and determine all matters in controversy coming before them, between party and party, where (he debt shall not exceed the sum of five pounds.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any court or fitting of the said of a sufficient number of them shall not be present, it shall be lawful for such of as are in attendance to call to their assistance any other commissioner or of, who is, are, or shall be duly qualified and authorised to act in the said court for any other month; and in every such case it shall be lawful for such assistant commissioner or of to act in the execution of the powers and authorities given by this present act, or by either of the acts of parliament herein-before mentioned, in the same manner as the commissioners for the then current month are authorised and empowered to act; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said of to be appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, shall not be capable of acting as of or commissioner in the execution of any of the powers and authorities given by this present act, or by either of the before-mentioned acts of the third year of King James the First, and the fourteenth year of King George the Second, after the thirtieth day of September one thousand eight hundred, (except the power hereby given of adrainiftering oaths to of), until they and he respectively shall have taken an oath to the efieft following; (that is to say).

I A.B. do swear, That I am possessed, for my own use and

X benefit, of etsates or property of the clear amount or value of one thousand pounds, over and above all incumbrances, and that I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the bell of my skill and knowledge, execute the several powers and trulls reposed in me as a commissioner of the court of requests in and for the city of London, conformably to the directions and ti ue intent and meaning of an act passed in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King James the First, intituled An act for the recovering of small debts, and for the relieving of poor debtors in London; and of two other acts of parliament, parted re-foeftively in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fortieth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual ihc first-mentioned act, or conformably to the directions and true intent and meaning of such or so much of the same three acts of parliament, as novr are or is in force, and that without favour or afteftion, prejudice or malice, So help me GOD.

895 Public Local and Personal Act [1800.

Which oath any two or more of the said of are hereby empowered and required to administer to each other; and they the said of shall and are hereby required (after taking the said oath) to sign or subscribe their respective names upon a roll or rolls of parchment to be provided for that purpose, with the said oath written or printed thereon; and that fitch roll or rolls Hull be carefully kept among the records of the said court.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person or1 persons, whether rdiding within the city of London or elsewhere, also bodies politick or corporate, and fraternities or brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, who now lnve or hereafter shall hive w? such debt as is herein-before specified or mentioned, or any other deb; or debts, owing or due to, or claimed or demanded by such person if persons, bodies politick or corporate, and fraternities or brotherhood, whether corporate or not corporate, not exceeding the futa of ic pounds, from any person or persons whomsoever, redding or inhabit:; within the city of London, or the liberties thereof, or keeping any hous: warehouse, (hop, flied, (tall, or stand, or seeking a livelihood, or tradir: or dealing within the same city or liberties, to cause firh debtor or debtors, person or ersons, from whom such debtor debt; Hull beow':; or due, or claimed or demanded, and foreiident, inhabiting, or keep, ing, any house, warehouse. (hop, (bed, stall, or Hand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing as aforesaid, to be warned or summenedby personal service, or by a printed or written summons left at the rhvei!: $ house, lodgings, or place of abode, w.uvhouse, shop, fnd, !h!I, hani, or any other place of dealing of such debtor or debtors, or person or persons as aforesaid, within the juris iidion of the said court, to appear before the of of the said court, to be held at or in the.ruildhii! of the Cud city, or at or in some other place to be provide', by the lord mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London iV common council assembled, within the said city, for holding the said court; and that after such frimmons as aforesaid, the said of, or any three or more or tlum, in case the debts shall not exceed the sum offoity (R lings, and if the same shall be above forty shillings and shall not exceed the sum office pounds, the said commissioners, or any seven or more^them, shall have full power and authority, by virtue of this act, from time to time to make or c.iufe to be m, de such order or orders, dec; :, judgements, and proceedings, between such party plaintiff or parties plaintiffs, and his, her, or their debtor or debtors, or other person or persons defendant or defendants, touching such debts, as they Ihiilid to fl.ind with equity and good conscience; and thereby may order jdJ direct the payment of any such debts, to be made either in one sum ora! once, or by instalments at fitted periods, as they shall see ciuse, aci deem just and reasonable; all which order or or krs, decrees, judgextra. and proceedings, lo to be made, shall he registerrd in a book or as they have been accustomed to be, end as well the party pliintiJo parties plaintiffs as the debtor or defendant, debtors or defendants, irija such order or orders, decrees, judgements, and proceeding* shall relatively concern, shall observe, perform, and keep t ie same reflectively i? all points; and no such orders, decrees, judgements, of proceeding?ihl! be removed or removeabk into any other court by Certiorari or otherr.i; 1 howsoever. I

VI. And be it further enacted, That where any debt M beder, '-Owing, or demanded from any two or more persons jointly, by nfaibmr on account of such per fans being partners in trade, or otherwise jokfj

- concerned, the like service of any such summons as aforesaid, on mone of such two or more partners or persons Hull be as good anti fufffcieatis if each of them were separutely summoned as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be hvfill to ini for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants, in any suit or cause hereafter depending in the said court of requests. to cause any per, to or persons to be warned or summoned, as often as shall appear necessiry, by one of such beadles of the said court as aforesaid, either by faring such

tattoo* '

1

1800.] 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 104*.

Summons per Tonally, or by leaving the same at the last or usual phee or respective places of abode of such person or persons, to appear as a witnefa 1 or ivitnelies to give- evidence in the Cud court in or concerning any such suit or cuife; and in case any fuqh pci ion or persons so to be Summoned to give evidence as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to appear at the time and place to which he, she, or they itrail be 1b Summoned, or appearing upon any Such Summons shall refute to be examined upon oath, or in case.

©fa quaker or quakers on Solemn affirmation (which oath or affirmation the Said of, 01 any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to administer), and to give evidence as aforesaid before Such of, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, then and in either of the said cases, every such person so neglecting or refuting ihrdt forfeit and pay for every such offence, not exceeding the Sum of forty shillings, to be awarded by the said of, or any three or more of them, unless a reasonable exeufe be ottered to and allowed by the said of; and if the person or persons so offending Jftiall not forthwith pay into the said court the penalty or forfeiture so imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commifnoners, or any three or more of them, to order and cause such person or persons to be apprehended by any of the beadles of the said court, and committed to any prison in the Said city, there to remain for any Space of time not exceeding one calendar month, unless such penalty or forfeiture shall be Sooner paid; and every such penalty or forfeiture, as last mentioned, which shall be received by virtue of this act, shall thereupon (after deducting the reasonable cods and charges of apprehending and taking such person or persons so neglecting or retufing), be paid over into the hands of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the parish wherein the person or persons respectively paying the same, shall at the time of his, her, or their neglect or refusal to appear or give evidence as aforesaid, inhabit, dwell, or seek a livelihood, and shall be applied towards the Support and maintenance of the poor of the said paviftu

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons shall make oath, or, being of the people called Quakers, shall make affirmation, or give evidence, in any cause depending in the said court of requests, whereby he, she, or they shall commit any wilful or corrupt perjury, or be guilty of wilful and false affirming, and thereof be duly convicted according to law, then every Such person or persons shall incur and Suffer the like pains and penalties as any other person or persons convicted of wilful perjury, according to the la\ys and Statutes of this realm.

IX. And whereas difficulties frequently arise in the recovery of debts in the said court of requells, in such cases as are next herein after mentioned, by reason of infancy: be it therefore enacted, That in every case where a debt not exceeding the sum of five pounds Audi be contracted for necessaries by any person under the age of twenty-one years, and residing or inhabiting, or employed as clerk, bock keeper, journeyman, Shopman, or labourer, or otherwise Seeking a livelihood within the city of London or the liberties thereof, it shall be lawful for the person or persons to whom such debt shall be due to Sue for and recover Such debt in the Said court of requests, in the same manner as if the person by whom the same shall be contracted were of full age; and that in every case where any wages, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, shall be due to any menial or other Servant under the'age of twenty-one years, it shall be i.iwful for such Servant to Sue for and iccover such debt in the said court of requests in the same manner as if he or she were of full age; and the said commifi-. lioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby fully author!fed and required, in such cases, to take cognizance of and proceed concerning such debts in the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers, in regard thereto, as if the plaintiffs and defendants were all of full age*

X. And be it further enacted, That no privilege shall be allowed to exempt any person from the jurisdiction of the said court of requests on account of his being an attorney or iolicitor, or any other officer of ajiy of the courts of law or equity at Westminster, or of, any other court

897

898

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

whatsoever; but that all attornies, solicitors, and officers, shall be fubiaft to Jhe several proccflcs, ordtrs, judgements, and executions of the said court of requests, in the same manner as any other persons arc subject to the same by the said recited acts and thil ad or any of them,

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this act, or my thing herein contained, shall not extend to any debt where any title of freehold or lease for years of any lands or tenements shall come in ques-tionror to any debt by specialty, which shall not be for payment of a fun certain, nor to any other debt that shall arise by reason of any cause Concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly \ belonging to the ecclesiastical court, albeit the same respectively shall not exceed five pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary not with* (landing,

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be commenced in any other court than the said court of requests, for aov debt not exceeding the sum of five pounds, and recoverable by virtue oftne Cud re. cited acts and of this act, or any of them, in the said court of requdb, then and in every such case the plaintiff or plaintitfs in such action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise have or be entitled to any colts whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such adionor suit, and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, (hill think W to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in the fiidcourt of requests, then and so often such defendant or defendants dull have double costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the fime as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs ia my cates by law.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or

be conftrned to extend to prevent or restrain any person or persons/rum making distress, or bringing any action or actions whatsoever for rent, j

and thereby recovering such rent with costs, although the dune rent fiwuld'not exceed the sum of five, pounds. j

XIV. And, for removing 3ll doubts, whether the statute of UmiUtloni I may be pleaded in the said court of requests, it is hereby further

and declared, That defenctynts in that court shall be allowed to plead or claim the benefit of any statute of Umitations now in being, or hereafter to be made; and every such defendant, so pleading or claiming, frail have and receive such and the like advantage and relief thereby as tuefi defendant would have been entitled to in case this act had not been made, and he or she had been sued for the same debt, or other cause of aftioD, in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, or any other court, and had there pleaded such statute in bar to the action or suit.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons wjiofo-

ever, being a debtor or debtors? defendant or defendant*, and who Cull be committed to any gaol or prison by order of the said court of request*. shall be kept or continued in custody on any pretence whatsoever (act?! in the cases herein after otherwise provided for) for any longer (pace or spaces of time, from the time of his, her, or their commitment to prison, th 'ii is or are next herein after limited in that behalf; (that is to tty), Where the debt (exclusive of colts) does not exceed twenty ftillirp, then he, she, or they, shall not be kept or continued in custody formort j

than twenty days $ and where the debt (exclusive of costs) does notfl.

ceed the sum of forty shillings, then not more than forty days j and where the debt (exclusive of costs) does not exceed the sum of three pounds.

then not more than sixty days 5 and where the debt (exclusive of costs) does not exceed five pounds, then not more than one hundred days froa the time of such his, her, or their commitment; and all gaolm and keepers of prisons are hereby directed and required to discharge such per. (bos accordingly.

XVI. And whereas since the limitation of the time of imprisonment for small debts, some idle and ill*disposed persons have been in the habit of contracting numerous small debts, and upon being proceeded against in the said court of request in respect thereof have fufttred judgement to pass

1800.] 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 104. 899

against them therein, and by secreting themselves have avoided being taken into custody until many executions have issued in the said court against them, and then, by suffering a short imprisonment, have exonerated themselves from all nich debts, and thereby defrauded their several creditors; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passin^ of this act, all and every person and persons who shall be taken in execution, under or by virtue of any process issuing from or out of the said court of rtquests, ?.nd who at the time of being taken into custody, or during his, her, or their imprisonment shall have more than one execution against him, her, or them, in the said court, he, she, or they shall be imprisoned the limited time for and in respect of each execution; (that is to say), After the limited time is expired on the first execution, the imprisonment shall commence on the second execution; and after the limited time is expired on the second execution, the imprisonment shall commence on the third execution, and so on until he, she, or they shall have been imprisoned the limited time for and in respect of each separate execution to he blued against him, her, or them in the said court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into custody, or during his, her, or their imprisonment; any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

XVII. And whereas an act of parliament was passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for reducing the time for imprisonment of debtors committed to prison upon prosecutions in courts of conscience in London, Middlesex, and the borough of Southwark, to the same periods in each court, and for abolishing fees paid by those debtors to gaolers or others on account of such imprisonment: now be it hereby further enacted, That all and every the directions, powers, and provisions contained in the same act, concerning the discharge of imprisoned persons without payment of fees, the hearing and determination of offences against the same last mentioned act, the application of penalties and forfeitures thereby inflicted, the limitation of time for exhibiting complaints or informations, and the issuing of process, shall relate and extend to this present act, and so far as the same are applicable to the purposes of this act, shall be observed, exercised and performed respectively in such and the same manner as if the same were herein expressly mentioned and repeated, and at large re-enacted.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or on account of any order, determination, judgement, or decree of the said of, until fourteen days notice shall be given thereof in writing, to be left at the office of the clerks of the said count, or after sufficient satisfaction or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after three calendar months next after the cause of action shall arise, and the defendant or defendants in such actions and suits, and every of them, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial or trials which shall be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff shall be non-suited, or if a verdict or judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then and in either of the said cases, such defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any cases by law.

XIX. Provided always, That the two first herein-before recited acts of the third year of King James the First, and the fourteenth year of King George the Second, and all powers, provisoes, clauses, matters, and things therein respectively contained, shall, so far as the same are not hereby expressly repealed, or otherwise provided for, and are not inconsistent with any of the provisions of this present act, continue and be in full force, and extend to all and every person and persons to whom this act doth or shall extend.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the charges and expences attending the obtaining and passing of this act shall he paid and defrayed from and out of the now remaining surplus of monies which have from time to time been paid into the said court of requests by defendants in that court,

900 Public Local and Personal Acts, &c.

[1800.

and have not been claimed by the persons entitled thereto, which surplus lies unemployed in the chamber of the city of London, and is not likely that any considerable part thereof will ever be claimed.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if at any time hereafter the whole, or any part of the money so to be applied, shall be wanted to answer any of the claims or demands of the suitors of the said court, or other persons entitled thereto, then and in such case the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city shall restore and make good such money, or so much thereof as may be so wanted, and pay the fine into the chamber of the said city, to the intent that such suitors, or other persons so entitled, may at all times be paid their respective demands out of the common and general cash belonging to the suitors of the said court.

XXII. And be it enacted, That this act shall commence and take effect from and after the thirtieth day of September one thousand eight hundred, and be deemed and taken to be a publick act and shall be taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

[Index removed.]

END OF PART II. VOL. XLII.

