THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. Regis.

Being the Third Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XXXIV. PART II.

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Palled Anno vicesimo tertio

GEORGII II. Regis.

Being the Third Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. TO permit the importation of wheat, wheat flour, JL rye, rye flour, barley, and all forts of corn, grain, tnd meal, upon payment of the low duties therein mentioned, or a limited time.

Cap. 2. To continue an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act more effectually to prevent his lies from being /appliedwith ships or from Great Britain.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thou- seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 4. For continuing and, granting to his Majesty certain «$ upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the rone thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 5. For continuing an act passed in the twenty-second ‘ of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for fining Jir Thomas Rumbold, baronet9 and Peter Perrine, ire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time 5 and for terin^ their effates and effects, and preventing the transporting

ienating the tame.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 6. To continue several laws, relating to Ihe regulating the fees of officers of the customs and naval officers in America; to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in

to the permitting the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies;and to the repealing the duties upon pot and p^irl allies, wood and weed aQiei, imported into Great, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 7. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on (bore.

Cap. 8. For continuing several acts passed for the better regulation of lastage and ballastage in the river

Cap. 9. For allowing the importation of rice, paddy, corn, Indian meal, and maize, free from duty, for a limited time.

Cap. 10. For further continuing an act, made in the nine-, teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing, the importation of fine organzined Italian in or

vcjjeh, for a limited time.

Cap. 11. To amend an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectual securing the duties upon tobacco; to prohibit the

importation of currants into Great Britain in small packages; to repeal such pars of the proviso in an adfc of the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits Portugal and

Spanish wines, and other wines, (except French wines) to be imported in small casks for private use 5 and for taking off the inland duty payable upon the importation of cocoa nuts into this kingdom, upon the exportation thereof as merchandize.

Cap. 12. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 13. For more effectually draining and preferring certain lands and grounds within the level of Hatfield, and parts adjacent, in the bounties of York^, and

Cap. 14. For allowing the importation of goods from Europe in neutral ships into the islands of Saint

Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincen, and the Grenadines',

and of goods the produce or manufacture of the said islands and of Tobago and Saint Luciay from thence into this kingdom, in such ships, upon payment of the British plantation duties, for a limited time; for permitting certain goods, the produce of those islands, secured in warehouses in this kingdom, to be taken out, on payment of the British plantation duties, and to cancel certain bonds entered into for payment of the duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary acts for the encouragement of trade; and to repeal ana<ft, made in the twenty* second year of his Majesty's reign, for allowing the Import of goods the growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis, tfv/MontlerraS into any of his Majestys dominions in Europe* America.

e Cap. 15*

A table of the Statutes.

Cap. 15. For rendering more effectual the provisions contained in an aCfc of the thirteenth year of King George the First* for preventing frauds and abuses in the dying

Cap. 16. For authorising the treasurer of the riavy to pay to thegarrifon and naval department at the like bounty

for destroying certain Spanish ships of war, as Is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his Majesty's ship< of war taking or destroying ships of war belonging to the enemy.,

Cap. 17. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 18. For rendering*the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious* in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making perpetual so much of an act, made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to bills and pro-midbry notes.

Cap. 19. For repealing an made in the lad session bf par*' Jiament, for compelling John Whitehill esquire to return into this kingdom, and for other purposes; and for vesting in the said John Whitebill his estate and effects forfeited in consequence of the said act; and for redraining him from going out of this kingdom for a limited time; and for discovering his estate and effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

Cap. 20. For building a new shire-hall and guildhall for thb county of Salop, and the town of, in the said county

and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 21. For granting a bounty upon the exportation of British and Irish buckrams and tillettings, and Irish li-

nens, British callicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen* printed, painted, dained, or dyed, in Great Britain.

Cap. 22. For allowing further time for inrollment of deed4 and wills made by papids, and for relief of protedant purchasers.

Cap. 23. To prevent prisoners in the King’s Bench person, 0 the rules thereof or their families or servants, gaining settle-snents in the paridi of Saint George the, in the borough

of Southwark, and county of Surrey; and for the relief of the said parish, with respect to the families of prisoners in the said King’s Bench, or the Marshalsea prison, or in the county goal* or house of correction belonging to the said county^ for regulating the manner of chusing overseers of the poor; and for appointing collectors of the poor's rates, within the said parish.

Cap. 24. For continuing an act, made in this session or parliament, intituled An act for p mutiny and, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters: so far as the same relates to the realm of Great

Cap. 25. To enable the corporation of the governor, bailiffs* and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, to fell their taxes of certain lands within th4 middle and south levels, part of the said Great level, which

a 2 1

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

have been or may be dug for turf j and to apply the money arlf-ing from such sale, towards discharging the bond debts of the said corporation upon account of those revels.

Cap. 26. To repeal so much of two acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, as prohibits trade and intercourse with the united states of America.

Cap. 27. To ascertain and establish the boundaries of and between the hospital of Bridewell and the thereunto be-

longing, and the parish of Saint Ann Black, in the city of London, as therein specified.

Cap. 28. For removing and preventing all doubts which have arisen, or might arile, concerning the exclusive rights of the parliament and courts of Irela, in matters of legislation and judicature; and for preventing any writ of error or appeal from any of his Majesty's courts in that kingdom from being received, heard, and adjudged, in any of his Majesty's courts in the kingdom of Great Britain.

Cap. 29. For rendering effectual an act, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Forchoe, is the county ^Norfolk.

Cajp. 30. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be damped according to law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid; and fqr allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and iolicitors.

Cap. 31. For better paving, deanfing, lighting, and watching, the streets, lanes, yards, courts, alleys, and passages, within the parish of Saint Mary, at Rotherhithe otherwise ’, in

the county of Surrey, and for removing and preventing nuifan- ► ces and annoyances therein. I

Cap. 32. For amending an act made in the last session of 1 parliament, for the better relief and employment of the poor of the I parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlesex; I and for providing a proper workhouse and burial ground for the uft I of the said parish; and for opening certain, m I

making certain streets, within the said 1

Cap. 33. To amend and render more effectual several acts passed in the sixth, tenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable canal from the Trent to the Mersey; and a branch from to Frog-

hall, and a rail-way from thence to or mar Caldon, in the count)

*/Stafford.

Cap. 34*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 34. For removing certain disabilities and incapacities, occasioned by the attainder of David Ogilvy of Airly esquire.

Cap. 35. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

t Cap. 36. To discharge and indemnify the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies* from all damages, interest, and Losses, in respect to their not making regular payment of certain sums due, and to become due, to the publick, and to allow further time for such payment; and to enable the company to borrow a certain sum of money; and to make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the proprietors at Midsummer* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 37. To repeal an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act continue for a limited Time* so much of an act* made in the session liament*44for the more easy and better recruiting ms 9t land forces and marines*"as relates to the encouragement of

teers.

Cap. 38. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Thames or Isis at or near Leacblade* to join and communicate with the Stroudwater canal at Wallbridge* near the town of Stroud; and also a collateral cut from the said canal at or near Siddington, to or near the town of in the

counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

Cap. 39. For preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the United States of j ]/

and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the said united states.

Cap. 40. For defraying the charge of the pay of the militia* and of the doathing for the serjeants and drummers of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called for one year,

beginning the twenty*fifth day of March* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 41. For impowering persons navigating vessels upon the river Trent* between a place called Wilden in the counties of Derby and Leicester* or one of them, and the town of Burton upon Trent, in the county of Stafford* to hale the f^me with

hojrfes.

Cap. 42. For better paving, cleansing apd lighting the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden* within the liberty of Westminster* and certain places adjoining thereto; apd for r^mpving and pr$? venting nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 43. For better paving, cleapfing, and lighting, the parish of Saint Anne* and such' part of Cock fjtne as lies in the parish of Saint Martin i» tie Fields* within the liberty of Westminster; and for removing apd preventing nuifapees and annoy* paces therein. '

pap. 44. For amending, and rendering morq effectual, an adfc

a 3 tondf

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

made in the fifteenth ye?r of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An aflfor building a workhouse, and the better relief

and employment of the poor within jtbe of Saint James Clerk-

enwell in the county <?/ Middlesex.

Cap. 45. For regulating the proceedings of the court of juf-ticiary, and circuit courts, in Scotla.

Cap. 46. For widening the north-west end of and the south end of the Old Jewry, within the city of

Cap. 47. For altering and varying the powers of an act, passed in the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, for making the river Douglas alias Afiand, from the

rive Ribble to Wigan, in the county of Palatine of Lancaster; and for enabling the company of proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool canal, incorporated by an a<5l passed in the tenth year of his present Majesty's reign, to purchase the said river navigation; for amending the said last mentioned act; for incorporating and consolidating the said two navigations \ and for other purposes.

Cap. 48. For improving the navigation of the river from a place called IVilden Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to in the county of

Lincoln j and for impowering persons navigating yefTels thereon to hale the fame with horses.

Cap. 49. For repealing an act, made in the twenty-second year of his present Majesty, intituled An for charging a /lamp-duty upon inland bills of exch, or other notes, payable otherwise than upon demand; and for granting new iftamp-duties on bills of exchange, promissory and other notes j and also stamp-duties on receipts.

Cap. 50. For the better regulation of the office of the pay-irt after general of his Majesty's forces, and the more regular payment of the army 5 and to repeal an act made in the last fdiion of parliament, intituled An act for the better regulation of the office of poymaster general of his Majestfs

Cap. 5t. To repeal an a<5l, made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for further of

vagabonds calling themselves Egyptians.

Cap. 52. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the tetter payment of the army apd their quarters, within the realm of Great Britain.

Cap. 53. To enable the commissioners of supply of the feve-tal counties therein mentioned, in that part of Great Britain passed Scotland, to assess and levy certain sums for relieving such of the inhabitants of the said counties a^ have been reduced to % indigence by the failure of the last year's crop of corn; and to pnable his Majesty, during the next recess of parliament, by and with the advice of his privy council, to permit the importation of corn into the said counties for a limited time, and in ships or vessels belonging to any state in amity with his Majesty, navigated by foreign seamen.

Cap. 5^. for providing a proper workhouse, within the

A TABLE of the STATUTES. f

parish of Birmingham, in the county of IFarwick, and for better regulating the poor within the said parish.

Cap. 55. For building a new goal for the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull; for purchasing an additional

burial ground for the use of the parish of the Holy, in the said town; for regulating the fares of hackney coachmen, chairmen, and porters, and the prices of carriage of goods; for altering the time of lighting lamps; for ascertaining the breadth of party walls; and for preventing certain nuisances within the said town, liberties, and precincts thereof; for amending an adi of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and establishing publick quays or wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built opposite to certain (faiths in the said act described; and for other purposes.

Cap. 56. To allow the drawback of the whole duty of customs upon the exportation of rice.

Cap. 57. For the sale of prize goods secured in warehouses id this kingdom, for which the duties are not paid, or the goods exported, within a limited time.

Cap. 58. For granting to his Majesty several additional and new duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and aKo fat repealing certain exemptions from the stamp-duties.

Cap. 59. To provide that the proceedings on the bill, now depending in parliament, for inflUfing certain pains and penalties on fir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring, for certain breaches of publick trufi, and high crimes and

committed by them whilfi they respectively held the offices of governor and presidenty counsellors, and members of committee of the

settlement of Fort Saint George, on the coast Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any prorogation or diQblution of parliament.

Cap. 60. For further continuing To much of an act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for refraining fir Thomas Rumbold, and Peter Perring esquire, from going out of this, for a limited time and for discovering their estates and effects^ and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame, as relates to restraining the said fir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real cffates.

Cap. 61. For vesting in Henry carl of, his heirs and

offigps, for ever, the fee-simple and inheritance of the hundred of Kynwardflon, and certain lands and hereditaments in the parishes of Great Bedwyn and Burbage, in the county of Wilts j and for settling other lands and hereditaments in lieu thereof to the feme uses.

Cap. 62., For granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on licensees to be taken out by certain persons uttering or vending me* didnes; and certain damp-duties on all medicines (old under. a4 such

A

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

such licences, or under the authority of his Majesty's letters patent.

Cap. £3* For granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon stage coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned.

Cap. 64. For taking away from the commissioners of excite, in England and Scotland,the power of compounding with persons making malt not to fell, but to be consumed in their own private families.

Cap. 65. For repealing an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for.repeating the made in the laftfejfm of parliament, " An act for veJHng

" the fort {/"Senegal, ond its depe, in the company

" chants trading to Africa;99 and to vefi as well the fort and

its dependencies, as all other the British forts and settlements upon the coast of Africa, lying between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the pro, estate9 and of the company of merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said ferts9 settlements, and their dependencies, in his Majesty; and for extending, and improving the trade to Africa; and for vefti~ James Forty in the river Gambia, and its dependencies, and other the British forts and settlements between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the company of merchants trading to and for securing and regulating the trade to Africa*

Cap. 66. For granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon waggons, wains,' carts, and other such carriages, not charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excise.

Cap. 67. For granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on the registry ot burials, marriages, births, and christenings.

Cap. 68. For appointing and enabling commissioners further to Examine, take, and state the publick accounts of the kingdom. '

Cap. 69. To enable the adjutant general of his Majesty* forces, and the comptrollers of army accounts, to send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage.

Cap. 70. For the more effectual preventing the illegal importation of foreign spirits, and for putting a stop to the private distillation of Britifa made spirituous liquors; for explaining such part of the act, imposing a duty upon male servants, ns relates to the right of appeal from the justices of the peace; to amend and rectify.a mistake in an act of the last session of parliament, with respcdf to the removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing vexati-bus actions against officers of excise acting in pursuance of the authority given by excise statutes.

Cap. nu For making compensation to the proprietors of certain messuages, lands, tenements, add hereditaments, in purfti-ance of an a dfcmade in the last session of parliament, to vefi certain nuffitages, lands, tenements, and for the better featring his Jfajeft/s, flips, and fieres, at fortfmouth and Chatham.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 72. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or ex* chequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 73. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the town and liberties of, in the county of&ty.

Cap. 74. For altering the duties and drawbacks upon plain muffins, unrated muslins and callicoes, and nanquin cloths.

Cap. 75. For repealing so much of an act made in the twenty-urn year of the reign of his present Majesty, as took off the duties payable upon the importation of that species of blue called Smalts i and for granting relief to the owners or proprietors of tobacco, of the growth of that part of Great Britain called Stationd, which shall not be worth the duties imposed

thereon by an act of the last session of parliament.

Cap. 70. For the better preventing frauds in the landing and removing of wines in this kingdom 5 and to prevent the relanding of refined sugar entered for exportation, to obtain the drawback dr bounty.

Cap. 77. For the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great

Cap. 78. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fond j and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 79. For the further encouraging the growth of coffee anil cocoa nuts, in his Majesty's islands and plantations in Jmeruo.

Cap. 80. For appointing commissioners to enquire into the lo8b and services of all fuenpersons who have fuftered in their rights, properties, and professions, during the late unhappy dissentisos in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

Cap. 81 for preventing the exportation of com, grain, or mealt with a bounty, during the operation of two acts, passed in this present session of parliament, for allowing the importation of com.

Cap. 82. For establishing certain regulations in the receipt of hfe Majesty's exchequer.

Cap. 83. for granting relief to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by allowing further dose for the payment of certain sums due, and to become doefe the publick, and by advancing to the said company, on the terms therein mentioned, a certain sum of money to be raised by loons or exchequer bills; and to enable the said com-

Eto make a dividend of four pounds per centum; to the proas at Christmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

thret} and to regulate the future payment of debentures of £ftiifockson Eajtlnfiagoods. ‘

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 84. To enable his Majesty to raise a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, to pay off and discharge the debts due and owing- on the civil list.

Cap. 85. For settling and securing a certain annuity for the use of the right honourable fir George Eliott, knight

of the most honourable order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent services performed by him to his Majesty and this country.

Cap. 86. For settling and securing a certain annuity on George lord Rodney, and the two next persons to whom the barony of Rodney shall defeend, in consideration of the eminent services performed by the said George lord Rodney to his Majesty and the publick.

Cap. 87. For vesting certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the further securing his Majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at; and for the more

safe and convenient carrying on of his Majesty's gunpowder works and mills, near the town of

Cap. 88. To extend the provisions of an a(intituled An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly and to houses of

eorreftion) to certain cases not therein mentioned.

Cap. 89. For better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the county of, and certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 90. For better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the parish Of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberty of and certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. or For paving and regulating Church, in and near the parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and Saint George in the county of Middlesex, and several other ftrdets, avenues, and places, within the same parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and preventing annoyances therein 5 and for enabling the inhabitants of the said parish of Saint Mary^ Whitechapel, to raise money to defray the expences incurred in repairing the pah(h church.

Cap. 92. Fqr making and maintaining a navigable canal from a place nea x Rider's Green, in the county of Stafford, to

Broadwater fire engine, and fix collateral cuts from the same, to several coal mines; and also a navigable canal from or near the town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry canal at or near -ley, in the parish of Tamworth, in the said county of with a collateral cut to the lower part of the said town of mingham.

Cap. 93. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from the south end of Sparrows Herne on Bushy Heath, through the market

towns

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

towns of Watford, Betkhampfted, Saint Peter’s, and Tring, in the county of Hertford, by Petti pher’s Elms, to the turnpike road

at Walton, near Ayleftmry, in the county of Bucks.

Cap. 94. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of several acts of parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and and through Bowling and JVibfey, to Hal, and also the roads called Bowling lane and Little Horton in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 95. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, made in the fourteenth and twenty-sixth years of the reign of King George the Second, far repairing the roads from Doncaster, through

Ferrybridge, to the south fide of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Borough bridge, in the county of York; so far as the same relate to the road

between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to -

bridge.

Cap. 96. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Dyed Way to

Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a fir earn of water called Ford, to Cartgate in Martock, in the (aunty of Somerset.

Cap. 97. For continuing and amending two acts, of the ninth and twenty Tseventh years of his late Majesty, and widening the road from Saint Dunstan’s Cross, near the city ^Canterbury, to the water fide at Whitstable, in the county of

Cap. 98. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of the second year of his present Ma-jeflty, for amending, widening, and keeping in several roads

leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Cross Houses, Glazeley, and the turnpike gate on Abberley Hill, the counties of Salop and Worcester.

Cap. 99. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairings widening and altering the road from Sandon, in the county Staffeu^t, to Bullock Smithy, in the county ^Chesterand from Hil-derftone to Draycott in the Moors 5 and from Wetlev Rocks to Tcan, in the said county of Stafford,

Cap. 100. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of the third year of his present Majesty,/<?r repairing the roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said bridge to Henley Bridge, in the county Berks.

Cap. 101. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers of art a 6k,made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Lawton, the county of Chester, to Burllem and Newcastle under Lyme, in the founty of Stafford, and other roads therein mentioned. pap. 102. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made

in

v'

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for makings widening, and repairing a road from the

taftfide of the Goswell Street Road next Islington, in the comfy of Middlesex, and near to the road called The New Road over the fields and grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite to The Doghouse Bar, and at and from The Doghouse Bar the end of Chiswell street, by The Artillery Ground.

Cap. 103. For repairing and widening the roads leading from Wether by to Knaresborough, in the county of

Cap. 104. For amending and widening the road from the-passage or ferry over the river Severn at Newnham, in the county of Gloucester,through the parishes of Newnham and Little

to a place called Saint White's, adjoining his Majesty's forest of Dean, in the said county.

Cap. 105. For continuing and amending an act of the third year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Stafford, to Sandon, in the county of Stafford, and several other roads in the counties Salop and Stafford.

Cap. 106. For completing and keeping in repair the road from the Ram inn, in the town of Cirencestery in the county of Gloucester, through the town of to Oldfield, otherwise

Woefield Corner, near the sixteenth mile stone in the Bath road, and a road from thence through the parishes of Cold and Swarfwicky to or near Lambridge in the parish of Bath Eafion, near the city of Bath \ and for continuing the present road from the said corner to or near the monument upon until the intended road from the said corner to or near Lambridge be made fit for travelling.

Cap. 107. To revive and render more effectual an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Marktteld Turnpike, in the county of Leicester, over Charley otherwise Chamwood Forest, through the town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the road leading from the town of Loughborough, to the town Ashby de la Zouch, in the said, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a place called Snape Gate.

Cap. 108. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for, repairings and

amending the road from Heflcet, by Yewes Bridge, to Cockermouth and from thence, by Lorton, over Whinlatter, to Kef-

wick, in the county of Cumberland; and from Keswick, by Dum-mail Rays and Amblettde, to Kirby in Kendall, in the county of West morel and; and from Plumbgarth*s Cross, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the lake called Windermere, in the county of Westmoreland 5 and from Keswick afor if aids to the town ^/’Penrith, in the county of Cumberland.

Cap. 109. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the second year or his present Majesty's reign,

widenings and amending the road from the north gate of the city of

Winchester

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and other places, Newtown River; and the road from Worth? Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to -

pike road at Andover, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. no. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the seventh year of King the First, and the

eighth year of King George the Second, repairing the road from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, for paving Oxford Road; and also of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of King George the Second, to enable the respective of

dr turnpike roads leading to Highgate Gate House and Hamp-and from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new tod from the great northern road at Mington to the Edge ware road mar Paddington; so far as the fame is by the said act directed to be under the management of the trustees of the said two first-mentioned act's.

Cap. hi. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts made in the second and twenty-fifth years of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the highways between Sheppards Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the county of Wilts, and other ruinous parts of the highways thereunto adjacent.

PRIVATE

t. AN act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open j\ and common fields, common meadows, common paf-tures, wade, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Twrvey, in the county of Bedford.

3. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields within the township of Barnard Castle, in the county of Durham.

% An act for inclosing Dunnington, within the manor

of Priors Salford, in the county of Warwick.

4. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, and a parcel of meadow ground, within the township of North Deighton, in the county of York.

5. An act for dividing and allotting in severalty the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common paf-tores, and commonable places, within the parish of in the county of Wilts.

6t\An act for naturalizing John Daniel Frederick Ruete.

7; An act for naturalizing David Emanuel Fafnacht.

0. An act for naturalizing Ephraim Rinhold Seent.

9. An act for naturalizing Stephen Gideon Renaud and John

Francis Daniel Renaud.

10. An act to amend an act passed in the twenty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for inclosing and leafing a piece of waste land called The Marsh, the parish

and borough of Newcastle under Lyme, the county ^Stafford;

and

/t'

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

timtl applying the profits thereof in aid of poor’s rates of the

parish and borough. '

11. An act for naturalizing David Pijfard.

12. An act for vesting the manor, or reputed manor, of Vintners otperwife Vinters, the mansion house, and certain lands and hereditaments, in the county of being part of the settled estates of the right honourable Robert lord, of the kingdom of Ireland^ in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the monies arising by such sale in the purchase of other mefibages, lands, and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like uses.

13. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of several pieces or parcels of land in or near the parish of Jbam, formerly part of the park there, called Richmond, or New Park9 in the county of Surrey, to Thomas Pitt esquire, and his heirs, for a full and valuable consideration.

14. An act for enabling William Pulteney esquire, to grant leases of certain estates in the county of Middlesex and city of

London.

15. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields, meadows, padures, commons, and commonable lands, within the manor and township of Stanford, in the county of

16. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several

town-fields, commons, moors, and waste grounds, and dinted land, within the manors of Henjbaw and in the pa*

rish of Haltwhijlley in the county of

17. An act for dividing and inclosing "certain open common fields, meadows, padures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in Roofs in Holdernefsy in the ead riding of the county of York,

18. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open

fields, meadows; padures, commons, and commonable places, in the parish of Burton Hastings, in the county of

19. An act for dividing, inclosing, and improving a certain common, or wade ground, within the parish of Staunton upon Wygy in the county of Hereford, and for extinguishing the right of common upon certain inclosed lands within the said parish.

20. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Williams, of the city of Exeter, gentleman, with Elizabeth his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

21. An act to enable Richard Newman Harding esquire, and his fiid and other sons, and the heirs male of their bodies, to take, use, and bear the surname and arms of Newmany pursuance to the will of Richard Newman esquire, deceased.

22. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Hanhey esquire, with Elizabeth Thomfony his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

23. An act for naturalizing John Urban Reybaz and Alexander

Aubert.

24. An act for naturalizing John James

25. An

A TABLE of the ST AT U T E S.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable land, within the parish of Church JLench, in the county of Worcester.

26. An act to enable John Browne esquire, and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Selby %. pursuant to the will of William Selby esquire deceased.

27. An act for naturalizing C Henrich

28. An act for impowering Nigel Bowyer Grejley esquire, to»

lease part of his settled estates in, pursuant to an

agreement entered into with George, and others, iron matters; and also to grant leases of lands and mines within the same estates.

30. An act to enable Charles duke of Norfolk y and others, to grant building or repairing leases of c6rtain tenements, houses, and grounds, in the parish of Saint Clement, in the county of Middlesex, and in or near the town of 4r^ndely in the county of Sussex.

30. An act for carrying into execution an agreement between the dean and chapter of Saint P, and the college of doctors of law exercent in the ecclesiastical and admiralty courts, for vetting certain tenements in the city of London called Doctors

Commons, held by the said college under the said dean and chapter by leases for years in the said college in fee (imple, and reserving the reout a certain yearly rent to the said dean and chapter, and their successors, for ever.

31. An act to enable sir William Abdy baronet, to grant lealea of his estate at Horsey Down, in the county of Surrey.

32. An act for vesting such parts of the real ettates of James Templer esquire, deceased, as lie in the counties of

and Dorset, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money

arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands, to be settled 'to the uses and for the purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for vesting part of the settled ettates of Luther esquire, in the county of So, in the said John Luther in fee simple, and for settling an estate of greater value in lieu thereof.

34. An act to vest in trustees, and their heirs certain ettates of John Hanbury Williams esquire, situate in the county of Mon-mouthy in order to be sold, and the purchase money applied upon the trusts and for the purposes in the said act mentioned.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields in the manor and parish of Kingsombourn% in the county of Southampton.

36. An act for dividing and allotting the open common fields, common meadows, open common downs, waste lands, and commonable places, within the several parishes of Odjlocky -

mington, West Harnhamyand Netherhamptony and certain open

lands lying at the eatt end of the said parish of Homington, in the county of Wilts.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing several open common fields, common meadows, common pattures, commons and

watte

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

waste grounds, within the manor and parish of, in the

county of Derby.

38. An act for the better ordering and regulating the manner of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying Teveral commonable and waste grounds, lying in Chatterisin the Isle of Ely, in the

county of Cambridge, and for obliging the occupiers of certain

parts of the said grounds to fence the lame.

39. An act to establish an agreement for extinguishing the right of common upon certain waste grounds, and for enfranchising certain cudomary estates, within the manor of Jebnbyt in the county of Cumberland.

40. An act to dissolve the marriage of Andrew Bayntun esquire, with lady Maria Coventry, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

41. An act for naturalizing Isaac Lewis Miol.

42. An act for naturalizing Margaretta Phillipina Wale and Mary Pemberton.

43. An act for confirming, establishing, and making effedoaI, the inclosure of the open and common fields, commonable lands, cow padure, heath, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of HanwelU in the county of Oxford.

44. An act to effectuate a partition or division of certain fuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Wilt:% heretofore the estates of Jonathan Power esquire, deceased.

The End of the TABLE.

THE

STATUTES at Large,

r

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magna Britannia, Franc &* Hibernia,

diufimotertio.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Westminster, the thirtyfirfil day of October, Anno

Domini 1780, in the tioenty-first year of the reign of our finereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grate of God, of Great Britain, France, Ireland,

King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by several prorogations, to the fifth day ^December, 1782 j being the third fefifiion of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to permit the importation of wheat, wheat floor, rye, rye floor, barley, and all (hits of corn, grain, and meal, upon payment of the low duties therein mentioned, for a limited time.

A£*iG*o. 3, cap, 44, recited., Prom*Dec. 15,178a, wheat, wheat flour, rye, rye floor, barley, and all forts of corn, grain, and meal, from any country or place what foe ver, may be imported m British or neutral vessels, apra payment of the duties mentioned in the receited act; and also the additional 5 per cents, on those duties. Corn, be. imported before I rim pafliae of thi$. aft, and warehoused, may be taken out. on pay-f tnellt of the duties. This act to continue as tb England, till Aug. 15, ind as to Scotland, till 6ept. 25, following.

f; cap. 11.

An sft tb continue an act, made in the last session of parliament, inti* takd, An act more tfferiually to prerent his Majesty's enemies from befog /applied with ships or yeflcls from Great Britain.

Act s* (?eo. 3, cap. reefced, which is continued during the present

fcoftditie*. -

Fa CAP.

204 Anno ▼icefitno tertio Georgii III. c. 3,4. [1783.

CAP. III.

An act for granting ah aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Ore at Britain, for tfye service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty three. — 1,057,617l. 9 s. £ to be raised in Great Britain, whereof 1,9(9,673l. 7*. rod. 7 in England and Wake, and 47i954-l* it.ed. fa Scotland at 4s. in the pound. — Loan on Exchequer bins at 4l.10s. per. cent.

Clanfes in an act 6 Geo. 3. c. 4. fee. 7, recited.

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and Ferry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

XXII. And whereat by an act* made in the year of his Majesty's reign, (intituled An act for repealing the duties grant-

ed upon cyder and perry by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign; and for granting other duties on cyder and perry in lieu thereof; and for more effectually secur-

ig the duties on cyder and perry imposed by several former ds;) a duty after the rate of ftxte /hillings and eight-pence per hogshead was, from and after the fifth day July, one thousand fe-

ven hundred and fexty-six, laid upon all cyder and perry which Jbmi he made in Great Britain, and sent or to any fast or, or

agent who should receive the same to fell or of to be paid by

such fast or or agent: and whereas by the j'aid it was provided. That if any fa ft or or agent Jb, during the continuance of an off

of the Jaidfixth year of his Majesty's reign, for continuing and grant wg to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, cyder, and perry,

for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred, and JixtjJtx, be charged with and pay the duty of four /billings per hog/bead upon any quantity of cyder or perry thereby granted, and chargeable him or her as receiver thereof,such factor or agent should, for every

bog/bead of such cyder or perry so charged, discharged of four

/hillings, part of the said sixteen /hillings and eight-pence \ and it was thereby declared, That cyder or perry made in Grfeat Britain Is no case whatsoever should be chargeable with more than sixteen Jbti&ngs and eight-f ence per hog/bead: therefore, to prevent any doubts or difficulties with re/ptft to the charging or payment of the duties hereby continued or granted, and to secure the cyder and perry, in thepofiffm of such factors and agents, from being liable to 0 greater duty, than cyder or perry which shall be received or disposed of by other fer-i duty granted fens will be subject to; be it enacted and declared by the authoJ by this act on rjty aforesaid, That in case any cyder or perry shall be received! ry inaiSody mto t*ic custody or possession of any factor or agent, for wtndfl of a factor, 7it shall appear, by a certificate, under the hand of the proper^ (halt be certi- officer of excise, that the duty continued or granted by this act lied to have shall have been charged for such cyder or perry, such factor or S&3L& a§en' *"./" eveIy such cyder or perry so ehM*-

be discharged ed, (land discharged of four shillings, part of the fold duty, of thereof. fifteen shillings and eight-pence; and Oiat cyder and perry (hfU

not.

Where the

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 5,6. not, in any cafeotr cases whatsoever, be charged or chargeable with any higher or larger duty or duties in the whole (including the duty continued or granted by this act) than after the race of sixteen shillings and eight>pence per hogshead, for or on account of the fame being in the custody or possession of all or any of the persons liable to pay any duty or duties in respect thereof.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of this act, or aay other alt thereby referred unto, as relates to the allowing the making of cotapositions for the duties on malt, not made for sale but for private nfe only, may be repealed, altered, or varied, by any all or acts to be passed in this present session of parliament.

105

Competitions for malt made for private use, may be altered.

CAP. V.

An act for continuing an act, passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for redraining fir Thomas ROmbold baronet, and Peter Perring esquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering the ? estates and effect*, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame. 1 -

Continued during the present session of parliament, but may be altered*

CAP. VI.

An act to continue several fours, relating to the regulating the fees of officers of the customs and naval officers in America; to the -

ing the exportation of certain quantities of and other -

eUs, to his Majesifs sugar colonies in America; to the permitting

the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies; and to the -ing the duties upon pot and pearl aj, wood and weed, -

ed into Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned, by fxpe-

rience, been found useful and beneficia, are

nay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, mp4 commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the jutfhortty of the lame. That 10 much of an act, made in the $o much of tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the 10 Geo. 3. vftgulating the fees of the officers of the customs in, and "P* 37#

for extending the same to the naval officers there, which was to b*-in force from the first day of Augu, one thousand seven as relates to hundred and seventy, for the term of two years, and from thence regulatingtbe 'lejheend of the then next session of parliament; and which Was, by three alts, made in the twelfth, fourteenth, and nine- m

%Mith years of the reieh of his present Majesty, further continu- America,

, mi until the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and

a eighty-two, and from thence to the end of the then next session Tfaniament; (frail be, and the fame is hereby further conti*

P3 nued

tt>6

further continued until

A«g-1# *7*6,

Sec.

So much of 16 Geo. 3. e»P- 37>

as relates to allowing the exporcation of ^heat, Sec. to his Majesty's sugar colonies m America,

further continued until May x, 178+,

So much of x 7 Geo. 3. Cap.

as pr rntits the exportation o tobacco-pipeclay to the sugar cifio-nics.

further continued until June *, 1787 Sec.

J

0 Gqa. 3,

Cap.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6>

msed from the expiration thereof until the first day of

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thenort#

the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of an act, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for allowing the exportation

of certain quantities of wheat, and other, to his Majestyi -

gar colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena; and to the other settlements belonging to the united of merchants of

England trading to the East Indies, and of biscuit and pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to adviseng or carrying into execution his Majestys orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheats and other articles; as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in Am, which was to continue in force until the first day of Janua, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; and which, by several acts, made in the seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first, and twenty* second years of the reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the first day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four*

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the eleventh rule in the book of rates, so for as the same relates to making any allowance upon the importation of damaged currants and raijinsy and/or making the importer of such goods an abatement in the duties in lieu there of; and for explaining the said rule with respect to such allowance for damage on other goods j and to permit the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations tn the West Indies, for a limited; as permits the f exportation of tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West 5 which wat to continue in force until the twenty-fourth day of, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine,* and from thence for the end of the then riextfefiionof parliament; and which, by an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the twenty-fourth day of Juf$e9 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth day of Jane, one thousand seven ’ hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence to the end of the then nekt session oi parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the pathority aforesaid, That an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign bffcW present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the dvtmofqy&lo nftofot and pearl a/Ms,weodtnd ivied imported dm* Oft it

1 Britain,

17S3.3 Ahi<a vkefirto t«<k> Geojkjii Ml. c. 7 - 9:

AMi, and for fronting other duties in a limited time which was to continue in force until the thirty-first day tS May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the thirty-fifft day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six. May ji, i7ss.

CAP. VII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on (bore.—

The feme as last year.

CAP. VIII.

An act for continuing everal acts pa fled for the better regulation of last-age and ballastage in the river Thames.

Act 6 Geo. a. c. *9, further continued until June *4, 1794, and to the end of next session.

CAP. IX.

jfy off fir allowing the importation of rite, Indian torn,

Indian meal, and maize, fm from duty, for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS allowing the free importation of rice, paddy,

Indian corn, Indian meal, and maize, into Great Britain, fir a limited time, will be of great advantage, and may be the means g f encouraging the making of Jlarch from; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Icing’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice nrf content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common*, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall be A lawful for any person or persons to import into Great Britain, sing of this at any time or times before the thirtieth day of September, one aft until Sept, thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, any rice, paddy, /a- l°*7*l*nee, titan corn, Indian meal, and maize, from any country or place whatsoever, in any British ship or vessel legally navigated, or in be imported may foreign ship or vessel, belonging to any kingdom or (fate in duty-free* amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated by so* aeign seamen, without the payment of any fubfify, custom, x duty, or imposition whatsoever; any. thing in any former act 1a adU of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise not* faithstanding.

1 II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due provided due fairy shall be made, in such manner and form as were pradHfed entry thereof OT tiled before the making of this act, of all Indian corn, Indian be made on facil) and maize, which shall be imported or brought into this *mPortatioa* kingdom, by virtue of this act, before the said thinieth day of September, at the custom-house belonging to the port into which fat fame shall be imported or brought in i or other wise, in do* fault of making such entry, such Indian corn, Indian meal, and

»se, shall be liable 10 such and the fame duties as were pay*

«pto the igiportatioa thereof before the making of this adfc*

: - P4 any

*o$ Anno vicesimo tcrdo Georgii III.-Cj io, h.

[1783.

any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding and such Indian corn, Indian meal, and maimay be carried jcoaftwife. under such regulations as wheat, wheat flour, and pulic, of the growth of this kingdom, are now allowed to be parried coastwise, at all times before the said thirtieth day of September,one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. X.

An act for further continuing an act, made in the nineteenth year of fb* reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of flaw organzined Italian thrown silk in any fllipa or rduls, for a limited time.

Acts 19 Geo. 3. c. 9. *0 Geo. 3. c. 4. andii Geo. j. C. 6>farther oo«i-pueef until March *5, 1784.

CAP. XI.

An act to amend an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the

of King George the SecondAn act for the more __ < effectual securing the duties upon tobacco; prohibit the

importation of currants into Great Britain in packages; to repeal such part of the provtfo in an act of the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Maj, as permits Portugal and Spanim

wines, and other wines, (except French wines) to be imported in small cajksfcr private uje \ and for taking off the inland duty payable upon the importation of cocoa nuts into this kingdom, upon the exportation thereof as mercha.

[Preamble.]

VI7 WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty fourth year of *4. Geo. *. ▼ V the reign of his late majesty King George the Second,

c. 41, recited. tuled, An act for the more effectual securing the duties upon tobacco; it is, among/} other things, That no tobacco, or to*

bacco stalks exceeding twenty four pounds weight, nor any snuff exceeding ten pounds weight, shall be in any form or manner removed, carried, or conveyed by land,from any port or place of importation in Great Britain, to any other port or place this kingdom, without a certificate being first bad and obtained from tha collector and comptroller, or other chief officers at tie port or place where the.tobacco was imported, that the duties thereof were paid au secured in the manner directed by the said act: and whereas great quantities of tobacco'are clandestineiy run on at of (ha

cut-ports of this kingdom, and such tobacco, and great quantities of tobacco folks, and snuff manufactured from, Jo clandestineiy

run on shore, are afterwards removed from such out-ports, to otben, forts and places in the country, and from theme conveyed into Lon* don, and parts adjacent thereto, without the certificates directed the said receited act, under a pretence that such

and. snuff, are.not removing from the port importation,

whereby< the good purposes intended by the said act have bunand may be defeated, to the great prejudice of the puklick trader:.for remedy whereof, may.it please your Majesty ,*hat b$ enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s, oft cxcfcb

v-: ’ \m

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio GeoROU III. c* ti. toy

lfqi Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord*

Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from From March and after the twenty-fifth day of March y one thousand seven *5* *7*3. no hundred and eighty-three, no tobacco, or tobacco dalles, ex- J°J"cco» °r ceeding twenty-four pounds weight, por any snuff exceeding exceeding ten pounds weight, which shall have been removed or carried *4lb. nor by land from the port or place of importation in Great, snuff exceed-

to any other port or place within this kingdom, shall be after- Jjgl wards removed or carried to any other port, town, or place rci*0Tfd whatsoever in Great Britain, without a certificate being first had from the place and obtained from the collector and comptroller, or the chief of importa-officers of the customs at the port or place from which such ti®n* goods are intended to be (o removed i but if there is not any mored^ith^ o$cer of the customs redding at such place, then from the offi- out a proper cer of excise for the division with whom the former certificate certificate, was entered, that it appears to themK by the entries of the certificate or certificates in their books upon their former removal, ghat the duties for such tobacco or snuff, or that the duties for the tobacco from which such tobacco dalks or snuff were re-(pedi vely dripped or manufactured, as the case may be, were paid or Secured at the port or place of importation 5 and also by what carriage such goods, and every part thereof, came, and were before removed as aforesaid, and the time when; and also that the person or persons who shall apply to him or them for (Uch certificate had made oath to the truth thereof: and before -gnyfuefar certificate shall be granted, the proprietor of such tobacco, tobacco dalks, or snuff, or the factor or agent applying for the fame, shall describe and insert on the back of such certificate, in a fair and legible manner, 'the names of each particular package in which such goods are contained, together with the particular marks and numbers set on each package, and also the true and exact weight of each particular speciss of goods contained in each particular package, and the place from whence the lame are to be delivered, and to which and by what carriage they are to be carried and conveyed* and by whom, and the name of the person or persons to whom the goods are'eon-signed; to which such proprietor, factor, or agent, shall (lib-Scribe his, her, or their name or names, and make oath to the troth thereof: which respective oaths herein-before directed,

(be collector and comptroller, or other principal officers of the Collector of customs, or the officer of excise granting such certificate, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer; and the it.

certificate so granted shall express the number of days it shall Continue in force* and the officers granting such certificate, after writing the fame off their books in a book to be kept by him or them for that purpose, are hereby directed to deliver such to the person or persons who shall apply ft thepj for the ftipt, without any fee or regard whatsoever for such certificate, Of for administering the oaths hereby required, on pain PMwfefeiflg thg ftw of (in pounds, for every fqch.offinic, and

9 to

aid

The certificate to accompany the good*.

All tobacco, tobacco ttalks, and snuff, removed contrary to this, or the recited act, shall be forfeited, with the cattle, carriages. conveying the same.

Regulations, SItc of I he retired act to be applied in execution of ttus ad.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. if. fiyllg.

to trtnsmit a duplicate of such certificate to the regifief-general of tobacco at London or Edinburgh respectively: and the find certificate so granted shall accompany the goods to the place where, and be delivered to the person to whom such goods shall beeonsigned, who, upon receiving the fame, shall cause such certificate to be delivered to the chief officer of the customs, if any such there be, and in case there be no officer of the caftans^ then to the officer of excise of the division whereunto such goods are carried and conveyed; and such officer is hereby directed so examine the fame with the goods, and if they agree therewith^ the goods may be taken away and disposed of by the person or persons to whom of right they belong; and such officer is thereupon to enter such certificate distinctly in a book to be kept by him for that purpose, and transmit the original certificate to the register-general of tobacco at London or Edinburgh rtfpcc-tively.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any tobacco or tobacco (talks exceeding twenty* four pounds weight, or any snuff exceeding ten pounds weighty from and after the said twenty-fifth day of, shall be re- moved or found removing, by land or by water, at the lame rime, either ia one or several parcels or packages, from any port or place whatsoever in this kingdom. Whether it shall be the port or place of importation or not, to any other port, town, or place, in Great Britain, without the certificate required by this or the before recited act \ or if the person or persons remove ing such tobacco, tobacco (talks, or snuff, shall not produce such certificate to any officer or officers of the customs or excise who shall require to fee the fame, all such tobacco, tobacco (talks, or fnqff, and the calks, chests, cases, or other package^ containing the fame, together with the horses, cattle, "carts, waggons, boats, barges, and all other carriages whatfatver; employed or in anywise made use of in the removing any carriage or conveyance of such tobacco, tobacco (talks, or snuff, or any or either of them, shall be forfeited and lost; and the (eve-ral rules, regulations, and restrictions directed in, and the fcve-ral penalties, forfeitures, and puniftunents inflicted by, the said recited act>, with respect to or against the removal of tobaceo, tobacco (talks, or snuff, by land, from the port of importation, and the mode of proceeding therein directed for the recovery thereof, and punishing the offenders against that act, shall be applied, practised, and put in execution with respect to tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, removed or found removing contrary to this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposea, as if the several clauses in the said act relative thereto had been again repeated and enacted in the body of this act.

III. jfnd whereas great quantities of currants are imported into Great Britain in rolls and other small packages, and1 drt run mjbohe without payment of the duties duefar

diminution of thj pUbhcirevenue^ and the prejudice of tht jatir tr&d&i for remedy whereof, if ii -hereby further enacted by^thk eartho

rity

1:783.] Anno vicesifflo ttnio Georgii III. c. 1 r. om

rity aforesaid, That, Crotn and after the fifth day of July, one From July 5, thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no currants shall be ,78l,£°» imported or brought into Great Britain from any place beyond imported in* the fear, upon any pretence whatsoever, otherwise than loose m any left pack* hogsheads or other calks, each of which shall contain five him- age than fire dred weight avoirdupois of net currants at the least, and shall hundred not be packed in rolls, bags, or in any other packages, within such hogshead or calk, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all on penalty of such currants as shall be imported, or brought or found onN|jjr*eitJ?rc board any ship or vessel within any port, harbour, or creek,1 ereo ’ within this kingdom, contrary to this all, together with the package containing the fame; and Arch currants shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, and prosecuted m any court of record at IV or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh respectively \one moiety of which forfeiture, after deducting the charges of condemnation find fate of such currants, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucedfors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the custoflfts as shall (eize such currants and prosecute for tht finite.

IV. Provided nevtrtheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Exception re-

the matter of any ship or vessel, coming from any port or place lative to cur-

from whenceourrants have been and are ofaally brought into

this kingdom, to import and hate on board my quantity of £^1, oa

eonrantt not exceeding five hundred weight, for the use of add

tn be conftnhed on board such ship or vefibl, provided such cut*.

rants shall be reported at the custom-house, and flowed openly

in the ship without fraud or concealment, and (halt be packed

loose in an hogshead or other cask capable of containing five hundred weight net of currants, but not otherwise; any thing

herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas by an act of parliament,"made in the eighteenth

year eflht reign of his present Majesty, An act for grant- Recks! of

itig to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and vine- ,8 Geo. * gsr imported into this kingdom, it was, other c* %7' '

smafted, That no wines of the growth or produce of any part of

dominions belonging to the crown of Spain or Portugal, and that no French %vinesJbould be imported or brought into Great Britain m

wty fimalterveffel or cask than what is commonly called an

fit which fitch wines have been vfinally i, upon forfeiture of

all fiuh wines as should be imported contrary to the said together with the casks and other package containing the fame, (except its -

in-after was provided:) and whereas by the fetid aft it was

that any French wines may be imported in bottles, or that any wines

may be imported in smalltr casks than is therein-before limited, with-nut fraud or concealment, for private use, and not by way of metr* ttbundifit any thing in the fitid aft, > Or any other law, dr

eefage, to the contrary notwithstanding: and uthereas the find provifi

me induced the mafiers'tf veffsls and other to import- gretet

ftttatitkiftofPortugal and Spanish wims in casks, and, under

the

212

From March

*5» >7*3* proviso in the said a & repealed.

Exception.'

Recital of ii Geo. 3. c. 55.

From March »5r#7*l* all cocoa nuts exported to be allowed the full duties payable on importa. turn thereof.

Anno vicesimo tertio GeorOI I 111. C. 11. [1783.

the pretence that pub urines are imparted forprivate, great quantities are clandestinely run on shore without payment of any duty, to

the prejudice of the revenue, and detriment of the fair trader: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty*fifth day of, ode thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the said proviso in the said act, made in the eighteenth year of his Majesty's reign, herein-before recited, by which it is provided that any French wines may be imported in bottles, or that any wines maybe imported in smaller calks than is by the said act before limited, for private use, and not by way of merchandize, so far as the same relates to Portugal or Spaqish wines, or any Other wines, except French wines, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void. '

VI. And whereas by an act, puff ' the of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituleAn act for repealing the

duties payable upon chocolate made in Great and for granting certain inland duties upon cocoa nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more efifedual Teeming the revenue, of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more pundual and ready payment of the allowances to bc'made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on maltj and for rectifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of ex* rife imposed by the said act; an inland duty of eighteen pence toes imposed upon every pound weight a, and in that proportion for a greater or lesser quantity, of cocoa nuts then imported or -

after to be imported into this kingdom and by the said act only four fifths of the said dqty are to be repaid on the exportation of the said cocoa nuts,which in experience hath been found to be a discouragement

to the exportation of the fame: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, all such cocoa nuts as shall then have been, or shall hereafter be, legally imported into this kingdom, and which shall be afterwards exported to any foreign parts as merchandize, and which shall have been duly entered, and for which the several imports due on the importation thereof shall have been paid or secured to be paid, and which shall have been lodged or secured in such warehouse or warehouses as by the above recited act, or by any other therein referred unto, is directed and required, shall and may, from and after the said twenty-fifth day March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, upoo due entry thereof being made by the proprietor, or proprietors of such cocoa nuts, or by such person or persons whom they shall appoint for that purpose, be delivered out of warehouse for the respective proprietor or proprietors thereof or such person or persons as shall be appointed by hiffl> hcr» -theq?, and who shall before such delivery have duly entered M#

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 12 - 14. *13

fame for exportation, without payment being made of the said inland duty imposed by the said act on the said cocoa nuts; any thing in the said act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; such proprietor or proprietors, or other person The exporter or persons exporting the said cocoa nuts, having first given such !® J*®*1

and the like bonds, for the due and fair exportation thereof," ^e re* and to produce such certificates, and to make such proofs, asqUir«d by the are required to be given, entered into, produced and made, by last recited the before recited act of the twenty-first year of his Majesty's aft-reign, on the exportation of cocoa nuts, in pursuance of the directions of that ad.

CAP. XII.

An act for raising a certain fom of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.-

' To raiie 1/500.0001. on the fame terms as in the land tax. ad.

CAP. XIII.

An act for more effectually draining and preserving certain lands and groortds within the level of Hatfield Chace, and parts adjacent, in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham.

Commissioners of sewers authorised to make a new drain from the north river (at about one hundred and twenty chains difiance above Althorpe ftaiceVto the river Trent; and also a fin ice or dough in the bank of the river Trent, and bridges to be made over the%new drain, if necessary.

, The expences to be pajd by the commissioners of sewers, out of money to be raised by the ad, on assessments upon the lands of the participants of the said level.

CAP. XIV.

An act for allowing the importation of goods from Europe neutral ships into the islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat,

Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines j and of goods the produce or manufacture of the said and of

Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this, in such

flips, upon payment of the British plantation 'duties^ for a limited time; for permitting certain goods, the produce of those

secured in warehouses in this kingdomto he taken, on payment

of the British plantation duties, and to cancel certain bonds entered into for payment of the duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary acts for the encouragement of trade; and

peal an act, made in the twenty-second year his reign,

for allowing the importation of goods the growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat,into any of his Majesty’s

dominions in Europe or America.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, during the late, the o/Saint

Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominion Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines, were taken -by the arms of his mtft Christian Majesty, and, by she preliminary articles of peace,

art to be reftered to this kingdom;and it may happeni thest neutral flips, laden at foreign forte in Europe with cargoes totfbo

said

xiA Anno viccCma.tertio G^pKGn III. c. *4,

/aid islands* may not arrive there are fa as aforesaid, and it is expedient to permit such flips to land their 'cargo# at those tftands* and to bring from thence to Great Britain ay goods of the growth, production* o manufacture of such iJUndsy

may it therefore please your Majesty that it maybe eroded; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpi ritual and temporal* and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Neutral refleb authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any. cleared out newjral ship or vessel that shall have cleared QUt from pnyfe-porti Ts? re*lgn P°rt *n Europe before the first day of April* one thousand Christopher't, seven hundred and eighty-three, with any goods consigned to &c. before the said islands, or either of them, to eater and land such goods April i, at any of the said islands, although Inch Hups may not arrive these till after the said islands are restored and delivered up to his Majesty; and it shall and may be lawful for ftieb ships, at any time before the first day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to take on board, and bring back to any port in Great Britain, any goods, being the growth, ptodu&ioo, nr manufacture of such islands, and Inch goods shall and may be admitted to an entry in this kingdom, upon payment of the like duties, as if such goods had been imported from any British island in the West India in British ships duly navigated; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas the islands of Tobago and Saint Lucia or#, by the said preliminary articles, to be delivered up to his mofl Christian Majesty* it is therefore hereby further enacted by the authority Goods, the aforesaid, That during fifeh time as shall be allowed by the deproduce of finitive treaty of peace to the planters, merchants, and inhabi-Tobago or tgnts, to withdraw themselves and their effecta from the said be imported^ islands, it shall and may be lawful for such persons to import during a limit- directly from thence into this kingdom, any goods, wares, and ed time, on ' merchandizes, being the growth, production, or manufacture, 2a^nti°f of the said respective islands, upon payment of such duties as rion duties, wqtdd have been due and payable for such goods if they had been imported from any of the British West India islands, in British ships.

HI Provided always, and it is hereby further eroded by the The importer authority aforesaid, That the importer or importers of such to make oath goods from any of the said islands herein-before mentioned, shall such make oath, before the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's produw or customs at the port of importation in this kingdom, (which

manufacture oath ftach calledoj and comptroller are hereby impowered to of the said adroinifter), that, to the bell of his or their knowledgcand be-iflaads. ]icf, the goods so imported are really and bona fide the growth, 'fnwdu&km, or manufacture, of the said respective islands; and m dfctault of such oath, the goods so imported shall be fabject to the payment of the Kke duties as they would be liable to if impasted from any foreign West India mand j and Xiich goods shall, upon importation into this kingdom, be subject and liable

to ihc* 4ke feeurihes, wdchftions* xegu|aftipnsx penalties, 4*|d

forfeitures,

i^uia vicesimo lertin Georgii III. c. 14* *15

forfeitures, in all other respects not altered by this act, as they would be liable to if they were (Kipped at and imported from any British island in the West India*

JV. And whereas several parcels of sugar, and other goods, the

produce of feme of the before mentioned have been imported

into Great Britain from thence during the time such islands were in the pfiffljfwi tfhi$' most Christian Majesty, and ore now secured- he

fevered mmrthoufosin this kingdom, under the joint locks of his Me-

je/b end the proprietors of such goods, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Certain goods oodNuimoner* of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of imported from them, to permit such goods to he taken out of such warehousea by the importers thereof, upon payment of the fame duties, and they were pof-subject to the like regulations, as such goods would be fabjadt sessed by the and liable to-if they had been imported directly from any £rei*h» may

island or plantation in British ships navigated according to law 5 of the ware-and upon payment of the said duty, the said commissioners of houses, on ~ the catfloms- are hereby authorized and required to order any payment of bonds* or other security given by the importers for the duty on planta* such goods, to be cancelled ind discharged* t,on

V. And whereas several rtflriftiens upon commerce have been peotded\ and indulgences have been granted for the benefit of trade by various a&sof parliament lately made, which were to continue in fierce during the hostilities with France, Spain, or theflates general

of the United Provinces* or either of themand whereas it may be tmpradHcable for the merchants to give notice to their in foreign parts of the cejfation of hostilities time enough to the shipping ofgoods for this kingdom bef may be concluded

and finally established; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all adh of parliament which have been Several alts made since the twenty-sixth day of October, one thou fond (even for the encou-hundred and sixty-five, whereby any such restrictions have been [agJm5nt®f suspended, or such indulgences have, been granted, shall be, continued.^ and the feme are hereby further continued, and shall remain in full force until the expiration of six calendar months after this definitive treaty of peace shall be signed.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That( from and after the fir (I day of Augtfi, one thousand Geo. fovea hundred and eighty-three, an act of parliament made in c. 3°- rathe twenty*»ftcond year of his Majesty's reign, (intituled. for allowing the importation of goods of the, produce, or

nufacture, of the islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Mont* form, into day ports of hie Majestfs dominions in Europe Ajmc~ foi, on payment of the Smith plantation duties) shall be* and tft« font it hereby repealad and made void.

' ' ;> ± C 4

2x6 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. i$.

CAP. XV.

An act for rendering more efftfit+al the contained in an id

« of the thirteenth year of King George the Fifft, for preventing frauds and abuses in the dying trade.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act of parliament was, in the tbit* teenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the FkA

vjGco. i. for preventing frauds and abuses in the dying trade, which feed c. if recited. aft hath been found ineffectual for the purposes thereby Aid

in order more effectually to prevent frauds and abuses in the dying A cloths, bays, stuffs, and other woollen it is necessary that me

said act should be repealed, and fame further and other powers given v for those purposes: may' It therefore please your Majesty, that k may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri* tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament The recited assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and aft repealed, after the passing of this act, the abovementioned ad shall and the fame is hereby repealed and made void, penalty on Un-

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons

properly dy- whomsoever shall, after the passing of this act, within that port HJgwoollen of Great Britain called EngWales, and Berwick upon flier blacks*" or cau^e to ^yed, any cloths, bays, or other woollen 9 goods of any kind or fort whatsoever, as or for mather blacks, the fame not being dyed throughout in the first place with weed and indigo, every futh person shall forfeit and pay the respective penalties following; (that is to say,)

'For every piece of long Backing bays, containing seventy yards, or upwards, the sum of five pounds:

For every piece of Colcbefer bays, or short bays, containing thirty-five yards, or upwards, the sum of fifty shillings:

And for every piece of other woollen goods of any kind or fort whatsoever, the sum of sixpence yard, and alb for And if any person or persons whomsoever shall, after the woaded passing of this act, within that part of Great Britain aforesaid,

blacks. dye, or cause to fa dyed, any woollen cloth as or for woaded

black, the fame not being woaded throughout, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay for every piece of such cloth the turn of two shillings per yard.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority afordarf, Matberblacks That all cloths, bays, and other woollen goods, which and woaded trujy fathered black according to the directions of this Ilk, difonguUhed ^all marked with a red rose and a blue rose; and all woollen by peculiar cloth which shall be truly woaded black throughout, according marks. to the directions of this act, shall be marked with a blue rose

Penalty on only: and if any person or persons whomsoever shall counterfeit

counterfeiting or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any of the said those marks, marks, or shall dye, stain, imprint, or affix* any such mark to

19$$;] Ann# vMfimo ratio Georgii III.

or open any such woollen cloths falsely’and deceitfully dyedtas or&r.matheted or woadod jblacks, as aforesaid, every person. so offending shall, for every such. offence, forfeit and pay the.foot Of four pounds for every piece :of such woollen goods to or upon which such mark Dull be (b itained, imprinted, or affixed*, as v aforesaid.* j f

IV. And^bd it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

TtMt if any person1 or persons whosoever (hal|, after the paffr penalty on ing of this act, within that part of Great Britain aforesaid, use, uTing logwood or eause to be used, any logwood, or logwood liquor, in dying or-logwood-blu* hny cloths, bays, or other woollen goods of any jcind or w w^Jiea* fort whatsoever, every such person Dial!, for every, such offence, g<x>d$ blue, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds for every piece of such cloth, bays, or other, woollen goods, in the-dying of which any logwood) or logwood liquor. Dial] have been made use of as aforesaid, ', j

V. And, for the better preventing frauds and in the dying

of cktbf, bays, and other woollen goods, be it enacted, That the Searcherrto* master, wardens,'and courr of ants of the company of dyers appointed of London, under the common seal of the said company ytoge-ther with John Bar (bard, John Cole, Samuel Farmer, Chamberlain dyed black <*' Good win. Chamberlain Goodwin junior, Jacob Mills, John- Platt, blue,inLon-

£Award Seward, Jofefh Seward, JLiebard Still, Thomas Vincent* dc?n» and

n\Thomas Whitehead,or any three or more of them, shall, milcslhereo^ and are hereby iropowered and required to appoint such numbed of persons as they shall think proper, to be-searchers of all Shops, warehouses, workhouses, and tenter-grounds or drying-places, of all and every person and persons, companies, and corporations, using or exercising the trade, art, or mystery, ot

dy ing of cloths, bays, or other wooflen goods of every kind or fort whatsoever; and also of all and every person and persons concerned In the dying, drying, or packing of any such-cloths, bays, or other woollen goods, and also all publick warehouses, and other publick-places where any cloths, bays, or other woollen goods, packed up for exportation, shall be deposited, iituite within the city of London, and within the distance of ten miles of the said city; and from time to time to appoint others in the room of such as die, resign, or be removed; and every fcarcher so to be appointed as aforesaid is hereby authorized and impowered, at all seasonable times in the day-time, to enter into any such (hop, warehouse, workhouse, tenter-ground, or drying-place, and* other places as aforesaid, and to search for and examine all or any cloths, bays, and other woollen goods dyed black or blue, whether the fame be packed or unpacked, and also to cut and take away a pattern or sample from cither end of every piece of such woollen goods as he shall think proper, for the purpose of trying and proving the fame, such (catcher taking to his assistance a constable, or other peace officer, of the parish or place wherein such (hop, warehouse, work-houfd,r tenter-ground, or drying-place, or-othpr place as aforesaid y* shall-be fttufcte; and every such cgnlUbie, or other peaeo +VOL+XXXIV. Ci, ' ’: officer* ‘

*iS

Ann* vk*fimo tcrtSo Gtonoii IK. c. 15; Uj*p

Oflfcer, it kcnKy Nqtiiod t* be riding tad afitting ae &tfe

(catcher in the execution tf tbit id» nkfMver tpplicitioaftdl be made to him for that purpose.

On the death

VI. And be it Norther earned. That when tad at often to of fy tl* any of the persons hcrrin-before named, or to be appointed m act imio£2" manner herein after mentioned, to ad in the appoiotmaottf ed to appoint Marchers as aforesaid, shall die, or refofe to ad, the forviw^g /eii'dien, or remaining persons (o named or appointed, or any three 4* J»a]* more of them, shall, and are hereby required, by writi^ mi* cnoenutcbeir ^hejr hands from time to time, at (boo at conocniemiy may ' be after such death or refusel to ad ataforesaid, to appoint too* ther per (bn (tiling Or extreifing the trade of a dyer of "Hip goods, and residing within the limits aforesaid) ta the foom^of ‘the person dying or rtfufta to a&{ and every person So to be appointed shall have the 4ilte power and authority to ad hi the ' appointment of searchers as aforesaid, at the person whole place he shall faceted was in vetted with.

Fifft meeting

VII. And be it farther enacted, That the said company of whow-cto^S!*?*' and the persont herein before authorised toad in the point fetich- appointment of searchert, or any three or more of such periboa, art. shall hold their first meeting for the appourtmcM of (earchert at

aforesaid,4t Dyers HelL in the city of Lembh upon the fovensh day next after the passing of this act, between the boom of eleven and two of the dock, and may then, and from time in time afterwards, adjourn themselves, and meet at the fame, wr any other place or placet within the said city, as often at shall "be necessary, for the appointment of searchert within the Uedtt aforesaid, according to the diredioos of this act; but if at any meeting appointed to be holden as aforesaid, it shall happen that a sufficient number of the persont authorized to ad in the appointment of searchers as aforesaid shall not attend, or (hell omit to adjourn such meeting, then, and in every such case,

' any one or more of such persont may adjourn such meeting id such dote and place within the fain city as he or they Sail think proper; and every such adjournment shall be at validamd effectual as if made or done by all the persont aforesaid.

In case the

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in dyers com- case, at atiy meeting to be holden for the appointment /tf

piny (hill not searchert as aforesaid, the said company of dyers shall not attend at any tend, it shall be lawful for the persont herein-before named, nr other Srfoni to be appointed to ad in the appointment of searchert at afore-attending may 'bid, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby aurfee-appoint rized and impowered to appoint such person or persons at they

searchers. shall think proper, to be a fcaroher or searchert of woollm

goods within the limits aforesaid» and every searchef so to he appointed shall have the like power and authority in all respefb to act as a searcher in pursuance of this act, at if he had tan appointed by the said company of dyers, and the persont herrio* before named, or to be appointed as aforesaid.

If the persont jx. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the authorized*1* company of dyers, and the fovcral persons herem-befoot

authorised

i7*$0 Annt vwfitno tertfo Gbok&itit fc. i$. 219

aalbomed to act in the appointment of searchers, or any ttfree fliatt nogleS or more of fochpeffons, shall refuse or neglect to appoint and S^iberSf continue a proper number of persons to be searchers as afore- {archers, the fold, any two persons using or exercising the trade of a dyer of aoarter fcf-woollen goods may apply to the justices, at any general quarter non* may »p* sessions of the peace to be holden within the limits aforesaid, t®*4tc, and make complaint of such nefufel or neglect; and it (halt be lawful for the justicet at such sessions to make enquiry touching ahe matter of such complaint; and if it shall appear to them that a proper number of searchers for the purpose aforesaid shall mot he appointed, the said justices (halt, and are hereby authorised and impowered to appoint such person or persons as they 4ha)l judge necessary to be a searcher or searchers of woollen goods within the limits aforesaid; and every searcher so to be appointed shall have the like power and authority in all respedis to act as a searcher in pursuance of this act as if he had been appointed by the said company of dyers, and the persons here* in-before authorised to a & in the appointment of searchers, or by any three or more of such persons, in manner before dr-rafted.

X. Jnd, in order to prevent the Hie frauds and in the dy+

inf tf woollen-goodswithin such places as are net within the limits aforesaid, be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace, In all paHs of at their respective general or quarter sessions of the peace to be tooMen for the respective counties, cities, towns, and places, 2^Lid?die within that part of Great Britain caUod, Woks, and searchers* (halt

Berwick upon Tweed, (other than within the limits herein-be- be appointed foot mentioned,) shall, hnd are hereby required from time to bY justic<i time to appoint such person or persons as they shall respectivaly think proper to be a searcher or searchers within their,respective fessionsT jorifdidiions; and every person so to be appointed shall be, and as hereby invcfted with the like power and authority to act as a searchm in pursuance of this act, within the limits for which lie shall be so appointed, as are herein-before given to any person who shall be appointed a searcher within the city *nd within the distance of ten miles of the said city.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Searchers to (person shall be capable of adttng as a searcher in the execution be (Worn, jof this act, until he shall have takeh and subscribed an oath to *be^effect following:

Do fiveor, That I will faithfully, and bonefily,e*C- The onb.

‘ A rate and perform the trufl repoftd in me as a searcher, by virtue: af'Qrt aO of'paAiament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign r of his mojesty King George the Third, for rendering more effectual ithe provtnons contained in an act of the thirteenth year of King George the rirft, for preventing frauds and abuses in the dy« tngTtrade.,>

Which oath the persons by whom he shall be appointed,-or an/ — of them, are or is hereby impowered to administer.

/ v '

120

Penalty on obstructing ft archers.

Penalties and forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied.

ProfeCOtions to be commenced with' in 40 days.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 154 [r

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or ptr* Tons shall, in any manner, oppose, obstruct,: hinder, or pro* vent, any searcher so to be appointed as aforesaid, in the elocution of any of the powers hereby vested in him, every foot* person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum o ten pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures for offences against this where the same shall exceed the sum of five pounds, shall ofi may be recovered, in the name of any person who shall inform or lue for the fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his MajestyV courts of record at

wherein'no effoki, privilege, protection, wager of Jaw, nor more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; sn4 that all penalties and forfeitures for offences against this a&y where the same shall not exceed the sum of five pounds, shall, upon proof of the offences respectively before any justice of they peace for the county, city, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, either by the confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which bath such justice is hereby impowered to administer) be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party offending, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, directed to any constable or other peace officer, of any ward, precinct, parUh, town, or place, where the offender shall inhabit, or can be found, (being within the jurisdiction of such justice;) and the overplus, after such penalties and forfeitures, and the charges of such distress and sale, are deducted, shall be returned, upon demand, to the owner of such goods and chattels y and in case sufficient distress cannot be found, and such penalties syid forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, such justice shall, and is hereby authorized and reqmjred to cause the offender or offenders to be committed to the floufe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for such time as such justice shall think fit, not exceeding three months; and one moiety of ail penalties and forfeitures which shall be recovered, by virtue of this act, from any person or persons redding within the city of London, or within the distance of ten miles of the said city, uiaU go and be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety shall be applied and disposed of in such, manner as shall from time to time be directed by the persons attending any meetings to be.holden for the appointment of searchefs. within the city of London, and within ten miles of the said city, as aforesaid; and the whole of all other penalties and forfeitures which shall be recovered by virtue or this act, shall go and be paid to the informer or informers, and prosecutor or prpfeputors.

XIV. Provided always, That all prosecutions for offences

against this act shall be commenced within forty days next after the offences shall be respectively committed or discovered, and not afterwards, and ftuli be prosecuted with effect and without o delay;

*f$3]Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. i

delay; and if any person shall think' him or herself aggrieved *ri*&-by the judgement or order of any justice of the peace, touching the conviction for any offence against this act, such person may justice, may Appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter appeal to the Jbflions to be holden for the county, city, town, or place, where Quarter fertile offence shall be committed, he or fne first giving reasonable fion4* ihd sufficient notice of (bch appeal to the prosecutor or prosecutors j and the judgement and determination of the justices at fifth general^quarter feflfcms shall be fioal and conclusive upon ill parties; and the said justices are hereby impowered, upon such appeal, to allow such reasonable costs and charges to either

nas they shall think just; the same to be levied and paid ich manner as is usual in other cases of appeal from orders of any justices of the peace to the general quarter fef fion s.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted Limitation of

against any person or persons, for any matter or thing done in pursuance of this aCI, every such action or suit shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the cause of

actioci shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be laid

and tried in the county, city, or place, where the fame shall

’arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in

inch action or suit may plead the general issue, and give thi&aCfc General ifliat*

and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thero-

upoo, and ttatf the: matter or thing for which such action or

fiur shall be commenced was done in pursuance and by the authorny of this act i and if the same shall appear to have been (b

done, Or if any such action or suit shall be brought or cont~

menced after the time before limited for bringing* the feme, or shall be laid in any other county or placq than as aforesaid,

then, and in every such case, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall toe ponfu’ited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be -given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for Treble cofti. the feme as any defendant ordefendant! hath or have for costs sf suit in any other case by law.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be Publick afer fitemed a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as fifth, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, i

Without specially pleading the same.

- <13 CAP.

[Preamble.]

Recital of 19 Geo. 3. c. 67. and 40 Geo. t. C. fj.

Anno vtegma terfio Georg* HI. c. 1*. [ 1^3. p A p. XVI.

Ar for autherifing tie treasurer of navy to to thegarriffis

"and naval departmenlat Gibraltar, the like bounty for defirofing certainSpanish ships of w, as if allowed to the and mfa

pit board any of his Ma) tiffs ships of par or ships of war belonging to the enemy.

WHEREAS by two acts of parliament, of the itind-teenth and twentieth years of the reign of hie present Ate-jejiy, tot the encouragement of fcamdn, and the chore speedy fend effectual manning of his Majesty's navy, tbk if

the navy are dir (fled to ijfae bills for toe payment to all officers, feu± men, marines, fildiers,or others, been aflnauy on

board any of his Majesifs ships of war, at the time of taking. sink* ingy burning, or otherpife defraying, any of wdr the French King, or to thp King Spain, the ponds

for every man alive on board the ships taken, sunk, burnt, at other* wife defrayed, at the beginning if the attack or engagement: and whereas in the month of September, one thousand hundred and eighty-two, an attack was made upn his Majesty's gdrHJon at Gibraltar, by ten battering ships of war belonging to Ms rtuft Catbo-lick Majesty, all which ships of wdr were, by the find gar rifon, and the naval department at the port ^Gibraltar, burnt i/mi, wifi difiroyed; and in the month October, ho the fame a

Spanish flap of war, called The Saint Miguel to the said garrison and naval department: and whereas, by the Jlrifl lttUr if the said acts, the officers and men of the said garrifin, and navel department, are not intitled to the said bounty, fir burning. sinking, or otherivifi desireying,the said battering ships of war, or foe taking

the said Spanish ship of war, as aforela’td: and whereas it is highly proper tbdt all due encouragement fbevld be given to the distinguished merit of the officers and men of the said garrifin and naval deportment at Gibraltar, for their long and gallant if that important firtrefs: rafey it therefore please your Majesty that $t maybe ichaited 5 and be it enacted by the Ring’s most eyceNent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritu*} and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftu?-The earrifon bled, aind by the authority of the same, That the officer^ ^fhd of Gib! altar, pen belonging to the garrifpn of Gibraltar, and to the ifevat 2r*! IJ* department at the said port of at the respeaiy* timei

there, inti- Pf attack being made upon the said garrison, and the nulled to head fender of the said Spanish ship of war as afordftud, shall be inmoney for cie- titled tp, and shall receive the said bounty of five pounds fer pvery man living on board the said bartering ships of war, aj the beginning of the said attack; and a)so for every man living on board the said Spanish ship of war, at the time of her funrendering to the said garrison and naval department, as aforesaid, In as full and ample mariner as the officers and men on board /iny ct his Majesty's ships of ipaf fere by the said acts intitled tp

A#na viceC*K* end* G*o*«u lit c. 17,18. 223

the bounty thceeby allowed upon the taking or destroylngaoy shipaofwar belonging to the enemy: and the commimoneca ot bit Majtdyl« navy shall, and thty are hereby authorized and navy to makt rajoised (upon proof made, to the fetiffa&km of the said coav- out bills for snissioners, by certificates, or otherwise* of the number of men that purpose. living oa board the fiud battering ships of war, and the said Spansft<hip of war, at the thnc of the said attach and fumender respectively)'to make out bills for the amount of the ibid bounty, directed cp the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, to ha divided amongst the officers, ftridiers, seamen, and marines, within and belonging to the said gprrifcn and naval department,

Ot the respective timet aforesaid, in such manner, and in such proportions, as his Majesty shall gmciously please to order*

diced, and appoints and the.treasurer of the navy (half, and is hereby authorized and required to pay all such bills, according to the course of the navy, to the bud officers, soldiers* feat* aaett, and marines, or to such agent or agents as they shall nuibhrize and appoint ta Deceive the fame, without fee or ro-wrards and such agent or agents shall be subject and liable go the like regulations and directions, as any agent or agents appointed by virtue of the said acts are thereby made subject and liable to.

CAP. XVII.

An act for punifiiag mutiny and de&rtion; and for the better payment of the army aid their quarters, Lt. This act to continue as to Great Britain, from March *4, 1783. to April *5, 17831 and as to Joity,

Gmmfo^c. from April go, 1713, till May 1,17141 and as to Gibraltar, and his Majesty's other dommions beyond (ea Irom March 14, 17S4, till March 14, 1715.

Cap. xviii.

An act for rendering the payment ofcreditorrmrc equal and qtpedi-/war, in that port ef Great Britain called Scotland; and for making perpetual so much of an act> made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to bills and

notes.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by the common law, in that part of Great Britain, called Scotia hd, the ptrjonal efiates (f such debtors as became infehent were generally earned off by the diligence -

mtut and poinding, executed by a few cre£te from the

erst of their residenu^ to and connexion with such debtors, gpt the ear-

itqfi intelligence of the infohency, to the great prejudice of creditors more remote and uuconne&ed, and to the di that equar

key which ought to tab place in the distrimctien of the efiates ef -

vent debtors among their creditors: And whereas an act was faffed in tba tweiftb year of the reign of his present, An act Recital of is

for rendering the payment of the creditors of insolvent debtors Geo. s« c. 7s, more equal and expeditious, ppd for regulating the diligence of tba law by arrestment and poinding, and for extending the pri-

<^4 vilegea

'224 Anno vicesittwaoriaGfOEOU

vifcgesof bills to promtflorynotet, andtoUmkha ga&bns Ono,

bills and promissory notes, *n tbit part of Britain, called Scotland-, which wascontmaedby another aflmade in the,

ywer <?/ /£/ rtign of his present Mofifly,bui is now about axppy,

end hath moreover hem found by experience uJ>t infmerefpeBs I

fttffidtntfir anfooering the ' pthereby; e/*ef it zhang expedient that the plan'of the said he that feme

tether rules and regulationJbmdd the diligence of

creditors upon an equal and ’ ptoper footings and preventing unjujt refer tnees and accumulation of expence, >a

merofpeedydifirihutim ofiotefiaUs both real audptr-

final, especially where fitch estate belong to engaged in trade and manufa flares \mayifr4her«forqpIea/e your Majesty that 4t may'be enabled $ and be itienacted by the King’s most.txcch Jemmajesty, by<and withebe advice and consent of the: lords Spiritual and temporal, ^ndcommcras, in this present periia* Wha£ shall be *ment assembled, and by the authority of the iatne, That in^dl deemed foffi- a&ipns and questons aTifmgupontheconstruction and 5,en* P°f of the atfof-the parliament of<the year one (hoi* pan rap cy. ifend fi£nhull(jrcd and ninety- fix, intituled* dfn act for declaring atotcur bankrupts, when a debtor out: Scotland, or not liable

to be imprisoned by reason of privilege or personal psotelfroot a charge of horning executed against him, together with either an arrestment of any of hi* personal effects not loosed qt dif-Ctyarged within fifteen days, or a, poinding executed of any of jtiis.jqpveables, qr a decree, of adjudication of >any part heritable estate, or sequestration :by the ait of a proper court of air or any part of his^efiateOr efte&s, heritable or moveable, for payment of debt, shall, when joined*wiHi‘insolvency, be hddK as sufficient proof of notour bankruptcy; andufrbm and after the lad dept of such diligence, the said debtor, if insolvent, shall be held as bankrupt.

Directions re- II- And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That wh $n iative to ar- a debtor is made bankrupt in tqfips of the faicj act, nude in the r«nkruntt°f ywgno thousand six hundred and ninety-six, as now 'e^tejid-

cSt£u!^ $ ^tredments which shall have, beet) used for attaching any

personal effects of such bankrupt within thirty days priof to the

bankruptcy, or within four calendar months immediately subsequent,v shall be paripaffu preferableand in1 erdfer to for

possible, the etfpence of a; multiplicity of afrefttinentt* it/s^e-clared, That where the effedU ofm debtor arc arrc&ed by any creditor, within thirty days beforr the bankruptcy^ ^ar wuhaB four months after it, and t propels of forthcoming or multiple* poinding is brought in which such arredmeoi is founded on,sit shall be competent for any-other creditor, producing his uater* yd, and making his claim in the said process, at.any rime.before the expiration of the said four months, to bedaubed in the h«e manner as if he had used. the form of arrestment; the expcoce

of railing the procefe, sand of the diligence, at ihe indancettf

tire creditor who rttifes it, being always paid out of tfw jcobs-mon fuad. * ... - i .»u

178S..3 Anno vkxfttao'ttrtlb GsantMtHI. s: it. tt$

' ill* And be it enacted by the authority a fore said, That an arrestment executed* at the market cross of, and pier '

and (bore of Leith* in the hands of any person out of the" kingdom, without other sufficient notification, shall not interpel the arrestee from paying bona fide to the original creditor.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That np Poinding of poinding of the moveables belonging to such bankrupt, within moveables thirty days before his bankruptcy, as aforesaid, or within four calendar months thereafter, shall give a preference to such poio- and der over the other lawful creditors of the bankrupt, but the bankruptcy, goods so poinded shall be considered as in and the person not to give a receiving the price of them shall be liable to make the fame forthcoming, so as that all the other creditors of the; bankrupt P°wcr»*v who are possessed of liquidate grounds of debt, or decrees for, payment, shall be intitled to their portion of the fame; provided they make their claim by summoning the poinder at any tuoepbefore the expiration of the said four months, deducing always the expence of such poinding* from the first end of the price^f./ such goods, together with twenty cent, on the appraised value, which the poinder shall retain to account of his debt, in preference to the other creditors, reserving liberty to him to rank on the remaining, sum for the full amount of the debt contained in his diligence.

nV. And be itiurther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th^t Directions re-all actions of sale of lands, or other heritable subjects, raised or lative to ac-to be raised and pursued at the instance of creditors, bqforie fion*of&l«0^ the court af.session, upon any of the statutes in that behalf made, shall proceed and be carried on to a conclusion, by actual inttance of ’(ale, as soon as the necessary previous steps of a sale ate taken, creditors be* whether the ranking of the creditors is concluded or not, un- fore court less the court upon.application of the creditors, or any of them, of 1 hall*, find sufficient cause to delay the sale; any law or practice to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful to the purchaser* at any term of Whitjundayor Martinmassubsequent ' to the term of payment of the price, to lodge the price, with the interest due upon it, in the royal back, or bank of Scotland* such interest as can be procured for it; declaring always, that by so doing, and giving notice thereof to the common agent who carried on the sale, he shall be exonerate, the fame way as if the price had been consigned in the hands of the magistrates, .-

and town council of Edinburgh, as required by the sixth act of the parliament of Scotland, in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, which act is so far hereby repealed; and farther declaring. That the court of session, on the application of any of the creditors, shall be impowered to make an order on the purchaser to lodge the price and interest at any of the said terms subsequent to the term of payment in one or other of the said banks; sufficient intimation being always previously given both to the purchaser and to the common agent for the creditors, that such application is made, in order that all parr ties may have an opportunity to object; and ip order to lefien

A

Method «f

procedure

therciu.

Who maybe made beak*

lm» viatoniei flMMitlB. Ml. [i^gg.

the nomboref adjudications, end confoqi—illy the on a bankrupt tfttte, the lord ordinary oflktating in the com of session, before whew aay process of adjudicatiao ie oaUe& ihalf ordain intimation thereof le be mode in themmuta both* and on the wall, in order that any dther craditors of the coaa non debtor who may think pepper to adjudm hie estate* pari are in readtnefo for it, may produce the instruAioas of thafer debt?, and be conjoined in the decree of adjudication; and# rap-sonable time, not exceeding twenty sederunt days, shall be #14* for that purpose, unless there be any hazard from a delay, which the court, or the4otd ordinary, shall judge of.

VII. And wtherm it is for the m tint the pfea#

of those concernedin trade oni mamtfk when they an nnabie m

answet the demands upon them, hi be disufed

of rtf difoi*

bated among their creditors in too expeditions manner, noth AW abiding the ofdkasy forms of law, be itoflacted by tfacadte rtty afore Gud, Thar ifany person in that part of Groat called Scotland, being o merchant or wader in graft or by no-trail, or a banket, broker, nr underwriter, or a mnuftte* artificer, or meehaniek, and in general any person who, either for himself, br as an agent or ndor for ochera, deals in the pucehafe, or fde, orworkamnlbfip, of goods or commoditlia other than for his own use and confom prion,* or the produce of hit own estate, or of any fobbed held by him arlefieeor tenant,

{and paiticobrly excepting landholders, and occupiers or tenants of land, or other heritages, holders of India flock, hr of dock in shy of the banks estabIHhed by publick authority, or fin the friendly insurance company at Edinburgh agatofl fire; if fheh person* he not otherwise bona fide under one or other of thto foregoing descriptions,) tell bo under diligence by and caption for debt, and shall either, to virtue thereof, be it prtfoned, or retkb to a fandhiary, or fly or abscond for his pas-fonal Safety, or defend his person by forces or being out of ted-lend, or not liable to be imprisonied by res fen of privitaa mt personil protection, shall he under diligence by charge of horn «ng, attended With arreflment, not loosed or discharged within fifteen days, or poinding of any part of his moveables, or dome of adjudication of any part of his heritable estate, for payment of debt, at the instande of any creditor, it ftiaU be lapnil to any creditor of the said person, whole debt tell amount hi the sum of one hundred pemnda sterling, or any two graduate Whole debts shall amount to the sum of one hundred amt My pounds sterling, or to any three or more creditors whole debts Amount to the fom of two hundred pounds sterling, or up wards, at any time within four calendar months of the hdfc flap of the (M diligence, to apply, by femmaty petition, to the codrt of feflidn while the fetfien is fitting, or to the lord oedw nary on the bills in time of Vacation, for a sequestration of the said debtor’s estate, real and personW) and upon produdtiaoot the grounds of debt aforesaid, and the creditor or creditors, at whpfejnftance the application if made*' tearing totbo verity

if

i?Sf.1 Anns i4fefimo terfio Georgii III. c. 18. ss^r

of their debts before any judge ordinary, or justice of peace j and also, that they believe the party against whom the application is made to be a merchant, or otherwise under the description above set forth, and with and under the foregoing exceptions, the said court, or the lord ordinary, shall grant warrant for citing the said debtor, by delivering to him personally, or by leaving at his dwelling-house, a copy of the said petition; or, if the said debtor is out of Scotland, by affixing copies upon the market cross of Edinburgh, pier and shore of Leith, and also leaving a copy at his last dwelling-house, or house of bu(inef9, in Sutlond, to appear in court within the time specified in the warrant of citation, not being !efs than fix, nor more than forty days from the date of the citation, to (how cause why sequestration should not be awarded; and at the time of granting such warrant of citation, the court, or the lord ordinary,

shall like wife, if desired, grant the usual authority, at the instance of the petitioners, For recovering written evidence of the said diligence; and upon production of such evidence at the diet of appearance, if the debtor shall not appear either in person, or by his counsel or agent, or lb appearing, shall not instantly produce written evidence of the debt or debts being satisfied upon which the diligences proceeded, and also payor satisfy the debt or debts due to the petitioner or petitioners, or (how other reafo-nable cause why further proceeding should not be had, the court, or the lord ordinary, shall immediately award sequestration of the Paid debtor's whole real and personal estate. The court, to

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to appoint* the court of the ldrd ordinary shall, by the fame deliverance meeting of which awards the sequestration, make an order upon the credi- "*

tors to meet upon a certain day and hour, being not more than flaor.*111* three weeks from that date, and as much sooner as circumstances may permit; the said meeting to be at a convenient place, either where the bankrupt resides, or where his business is or was lad carried on, or as near it as possible, in order to name an interim faCfor upon the sequestrated estate real and personal; which deliverance the petitioning creditor or creditors shall forthwith cause to be advenifed in the Edinburgh newspaptrs called The Caledonian Mercury, and Edinburgh Evening Cour ant, otherwise the whole proceedings to be null and void; and the said court, or lord ordinary, shall at the same time grant cooi-mission to any resident magistrate of the burgh, or to the sheriff or stewart depute or substitute of the county or stewartry where the meeting is to be held, or, failing them, any justice of the peace to be named by the court, to attend the said meeting of creditors, and to receive production of their grounds of debt, with the oaths thereon after mentioned, and to iign the minutes of the creditors, along with the prefes chosen by them; and all questions at this meeting shall be determined by a majority of the creditors in value or extent of debt appearing at the said meeting, by themselves or others authorized by them, rnd whose ground* of debt and oaths thereon are (o produced.

*48 Anno vtefimo tenio Georgii III. c. rt. [tyfj.

aftor to give,

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The security. person chosen at the said meeting by the majority afordqi&n* interim factor, shall be intkkd to the office, and shall curity for his faithful management, to such extent as tbrltid majority shall think.reasonahlejand the hud fadfcor shall ingrofc «-copy of the minutes of this meeting in a book of federun^ ^which shall be signed by the (hid commissioners and b prefer of the meetings tmd kept by the factor as his warrant* Adding i and the principal minutes of the did meeting, flttiM th^iador is appointed, being signed by the (iud commissiowrt*, pythe prefes of the:meeting, and bythedador named and ic* opting.of the office, shall be transmkted< by the commissioMr lo the clerk of the sequestration, to be kept among the taracd* ,of the court of session.

Court, upon IX, And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon awarding the yarding the sequest ration, the court, or the lord -ordinary, may lockup* defitad by the petitioning creditors, grant warrant

the bankrupt’* Jibe said commissioner to iestl up, and cause put under ffifo e«ffi> *10p. Sic. to^yyihe books and papers of the bankrupt, and to lock up his

.(hop, warehouse, or other repositories, and to keep the fayfc fth eof,till a factor is named as before dtre&edj to whom they shall be delivered, and subject in the mean time to fudt onto* apd directions as the said court, or lord ordinary, or the T fidd xpqmissioner, may think proper to give, on the application of ^qytparty concerned; and it shall be competent for the court, T or the lord ordinary, even from the date of the application dtr ' ‘ ^qpeftr^tton, to give such interim orders a* the circumstances

jot the case may require, for preventing embezzlement or daiW-- age,to the effects, upon application of any of the creditors, and

fcWe(h*wn.

Any mer. X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if aiy chant. Sic. merchant, or other person deforibed as above, and with and tm*

jointly with a l^er theraforesaid exceptions, whether diligence has been KttLmay^p.againflrhim or ndt, shall make a joint appl ication along ply to the Wh ^ny creditor whole debt shall amdunt to the fotn of on* court for a fe-(hedged pounds fterJtng, or any two creditors whose debts fltaH gyration of amount \o the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds fterlitfi£ aiseoate, or apyrhree or more creditors whose debts shall amount torthe fyipi rOjf two hundred pounds sterling, or upwards^ and nidi being, made as above to the verity of these debts, and thejpti^ fftp*,\ar their agent, also making oath, to:their knowledgew belief9pf the debtor?* being under* ffie description tfhich be fumes, the said court, or the lord ordinary, are hereby authorized and required to award Jeqqeftratkm of the debtor9* dial*, real apd jierfonol, in like manner, and the.procedure (hdH-go r oil.as.before drrcdted> -

tfon X And be it eoa&ed by the authority. That no sequestndi-

awarded on shall be awarded again# any person having an estate or efftftt against any 3in &«Xiondt who at themme of the application does notnitbar person not re- nr ha* a.dwcding-house or house of business therefor at Scotland Sic such mfidenceor dwellinghouseorhoufig of bufitafe

’ *l; u f wilhift

17*3J] Anno vittflmo |pfdo Georgii III. c. ift

within year previous to the application, unless the debtor faimfejf, or those acting for him, concur in the application.

XII. And be ircnfcdtOd by the authority aforesaid, That the Method of tftalts of all companies carrying on business under any of the Pr<?cedurc denominations or descriptions above set forth, and with and tin- Inzcompa-der the above'exception*, may be fequ eft rated upon the appli- nics. cation either of thofo intitled to act for them, with consent of any creditor of such company whose debt amounts to the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, or any two creditors whose debts amount to the sum-of one hundred and fifty pounds sterling, or soy three or more creditors whose debts amount to the sum oftwo 1

hundred pounds sterling, or upwards; or at the application of such creditor or creditors themselves whose debts are to the amount already mentioned; in which last cafeit must appear, that diligence

has been done against one or more of the partners of the company for payment of a company debt, in the lame way and manner as is before required to found an application against individuals; and in cither case, the procedure hereby directed with regard to in* dividual debtors shall be followed'out; and it shall be sufficiertt teats the company, by leaving a copy at the house or (hop where their business is carried on, or where any of their managing partners reside; or if the said houses and (hop be (hut up delated by them, a copy shall be affixed at the market crow Edinburgh y and pier and (here of Ltith.

XUL And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Petition of (hailbe necessary for the party applying for the sequestration to questration to record the petition of sequestration, and the first deliverance reco^ecJ thereon, in the general remitter of inhibitions, within twenty- regiSerofm* tour hours after the said deliverance is pronounced; and the hifritionn fame thall, horn the date of the application, be held equivalent to an inhibition against the debtor, for behoof of the whole creditors, in case of the sequestration being finally awarded; and it shall not be in the power of the bankrupt, after sequestration is awarded, to stop proceedings by paying off the debt on which the diligence and petition foresaid did proceed, nor shall the proceedings be of any effect unless the said petition and deliverance are so registered.

XIV. Provided always, That if the debtor, against whom In what cases sequestration has been awarded without his own concurrence, aiequestratiow or if any creditor who has not concurred in, or consented to the be rc* application, shall apprehend that the party against whom it is awarded does not come within the description before given, or falls under any of the exceptions therefrom, such debtor or creditor shall be at liberty, at any. time within thirty days after sequestration is awarded, ro apply to the court Of session, if fitting, or to the lord ordinary on the bills in time of vacation, setting forth the grounds upon which, the sequestration ought-1<? be recalled, in respect of the description not being applicable* add this petition being intimated to the party at whose instance the sequestration was obtained, or the known agent of that party, and a reasonable time given to make answers thereto, the court w lord ordinary, itoll determine summarily upon the same.

*£o Anno vicesimo ttttfa GmfUHf III. Cw it.

(Mid flu# grant commission, if neeeffiuy, for tilting pntofdMjr faftsj and if upon evidence k shall appear that the fkfih against whom the sequestration is awarded, does not fill Itpb the meaning or terms of this act, as not bring tinder the descripuoos shove fee forth, or as failing under any SKceptioas therefrom, the feqtfestration shall be recalled a the petition is found to be without sufficient ground* it f difoufed; but in the mean time, until this matter is determined, the proceedings under the sequestration on ss if no such replication had been made.

General meet-

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority afatfip*

log of the ere- That the kid factor shall, immediately after being (b naSK hddftl?chus-^pd&fa an advortifemem in the two big a trustee. newspapere before mentioned, intimating thfc fequeAratiou^jSd that a general meeting of the creditors if to be held on ttb day and at such place as the creditors, at the meeting hfjt&c mentioned, shall have fixed in their minutes, (the isid^diy being not left that four, nor mote than eight weeks rifterlhe advertisement,) for the ptirpose of chafing a trustee; mump the mean time, the factor shall enter upon the managementwf the estate, and shall, within two. days after his appafotMpfc, apply to the sheriff or stewart depute or substitute of the ooqmy or ftowartry where the debtor resides, or where his hnfinofirnta carried on, who is hereby authorized and required so name one day in each of the four fuoceeding weeks to heftt apuetfbr Bankrupt, fie. the publick examination of the bankrupt and of his family, jgr W»ba fwmrr others aaquatuied with his bufiads, in the sheriff court-honfrof thediftrkft, a fee of one guinea each fitting being allowed 4s She (tariff or stewart depute, if ta officiates, or half a gumss each fitting rto the substkute; and such periodica! mootings being fixed, the same shall be immediately published by the Mlor in each of the two Edinburgh newspapecs before OMekfi-tooood, by an advertisement, inviting the whole auditors lithe ipresent at such examination, that they may have an opptfB mty of putting such questtons as shall be judged of unpoaonge for rendering the discovery and surrender more compkte^ogfi the said judge shall, if necessary, issue his warrant for spfdi* /bending the bankrupt, or any of his family, or others vluMie t to be examined, if within his juriid&tion, in order to figge

ehetr appearances or if they be without his jurtidi&ioB»i>j|t* «couitofiefiaon, or lord ordinary on the bills, mall, on tho^gf* plication of the factor, grant such wasrant for apprahendjngjoad bringing them before the judge, who is to take the exanunatbufe -as aforesaid; and if any of these per fans Shall happen to be kmHb poled, or ottarwife unable to attend at that time, the Jordordinary ion the bills, dnay grant commission for exarnta-tng them eHmrhcre; and it shall be competent for thefaffier or for the trustee to apply at ony time for rerexantinicgitbofc persons,jupon due advertisement given in manner fstefifilt and the court, or lord ordinary, on the bills, shall iikcwifepSfa case it be sieoessary, grant a personal prote&ioo to the banfcuap, st the application of the faftoror tuiftce, for such lime ns

be

!90g.] o Aono ▼jce$mo-«i® Georgii III. c,i&, aj»

Vp MfiHift for cipn^lkig him to attend the diets of examinati*

Ot^pr may grant warrant to medengers at arms, or other o$*

Opr a of the law, to bring his person out of prison, in order to attend such meetings, and thereafter to carry back him to prison,

J£VI. And be it cnp&ed by the authority aforesaid, That the Bankrupt to periods to be examined appearing, or being brought in virtue make a full of the said warrant, before the sheriff or stewart depute, or sub- difoovery of nnittt and in presence of the fa#or and such creditors as chufo "#

Ipattend, the bankrupt shall quake a full and fair discovery of his Whole estate, heritable and moveable, wherever situated, in* gjpding any estate in cxpe&mcy which he may have an even* fml right to by contract of marriage, entail, or otherwise, and mall exhibit in writing a full date of his affairs; and the judge Hull proceed in the examination of him yid the other persons sforeuid; and the said date and whole procedure shall be in* fcrted in the book of sederunt, to he subscribed by the fold judge cxapiinator, and hr the bankrupt, and likewise by the (dor, together with a list of books, papers, accounts title* deeds, and documents, found in his pofiefBon, or produced by him, and a rental of his lands; all which books, and other writings, shall be delivered over to the so#or; and atdtelaft of them examinations the bankrupt shall rake and subscribe ripe Ibllpwmgoath:

I A; B, dir, h the prefenco tf Almighty Cd, and I shall an- Bankrupt’*

fiver to God at the gnat day of judgement y filemrdy (wear* that ott®# the flat* of my affairs> subscribed by me* and now delivered up to my

areaHors* contains a full and into auount of all the debts nature due to me* and cf all my estate and read or

fttetessary waring apparel only excepted) as as of all claim

Which 1 am entitled to make agai/ff any person xobatsoever*

iand of all estate in expectoncy* real or, f have an

eventual right to by contract of marriagedeed of, others the best of my knowledge \ and that the find fate 1rtatibrs a full and true account of all the debts due by me* or demands *»,; fir. as I know or con-remember* and that I have 'Vtrodwp the whole books* documents* ac, and papers of every

ttUf 'belonging to mo* which in any way relate to my aid

wbkh were in my poffffion* or under my power* and have made a ffbll disthfure of every particular re/ettirg to my affairs. And further ffboemr* That I JhM forthwith reveal all and every other cireoun-

Warnnor particular relative to my affairs* or which may tend loin-

HPaafior d my estate* or in which my creditors may be interest-

aiSreHly or indkeftty*which may at any time hereafter oomo to my

'bmooookdge*

So help foe G OD.

AllbA tf ttapesfon thus called upon is a member of a company#

(gOfi -ppasnitfed upon the company's affairs, the terms of this WptkK (Wl^nJy^hi so varied ;h/tht judge as to make it applicate, U*

*3 2

Psnilty on swearing or affirming frlftly.

Anno vicesimo tertio GxoRGfrfir c. 18: - (17I3I ble to the case; which oath being annexed to the fore£n? prd-' ceedings in the book of sederunt, shall also be subscribed by the sheriff or (lewart depute or substitute; and if the bankrupt be one of the people called Quakers, it shall be sufficient to tdbe his solemn affirmation upon the matters contained in' the Aid oath, and likewise in all other cases where an oath is requited by this statute: and all persons convicted of taking the above oath or affirmation falsely, shall be held as guilty of peijttry, and of fraudulent bankruptcy, and punished accordingly, and for ever rendered incapable of holding any office ot publick trust or emolument; declaring also, that if the bankrupt fttaH wilfully fail to exhibit a fair (late of his affairs, or to make oath in terms above specified, or to make a complete surrender, be shall be considered aa a fraudulent bankrupt, and punched accordingly, and rendered ever after incapable of bolding any of* fice of publick trust or emolument; and in either case (han forfeit every benefit or privilege arifTng from the statute, and bp Accounted infamous, and incapable of giving evidence in a court of justice, or of fittting or /ailing on any assize or jury*.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at the general meeting of the cretjitdrs appointed and advertised as before, for chusing a trustee, the faHor shall ezhtfait the said book of sederunt, to be delivered over to the acting trustee along with all the books, papers, accounts, document, and title deeds ‘in his hands, relative to the bankrupt’s eftdte and, affairs and the majority of creditors in value or extent of debt present.at this meeting shall determine who is to be trustee; but no creditor shall be intitled to a vote at this or any other meeting, who has not, either then or formerly,' exhibited his.grounds of debt, with an oath thereon, as herein-a6cr mentioned, and got the fame marked or entered in the book of Jederunt; and at the said or any other meeting it shall be lawful for agents or attornies, having commissions either- genets! or special from any of the creditors, to appear and vote in aD matters wherein their, condiments themselves if present tn^r have voted; and the creditors may -chuse two or more trufaeft to act in succession, one failing another by death, re(ignation»ar removal.

£tause relative

XVIII. Provided always, That if the fa<stor named at the to the factor first meeting is not chosen trustee, he shall be allowed such gratification for his trouble, to be retained by him out of the effects in his bands* or to be paid by the trustee, as a majority

tf the ,creditors in value a.t the said meeting shall think reasona-le; and the trustee shall find security for his intromissionsxd faithful management, unless the fame be dispensed with by fifths in' number and value of the said meeting, the dispensing resolution to be always ingrossed in their minutes; 'Sfld the trustee shall be intitled to an allowance in name of effifr-hiiftionfBrhis management, on all firm 6f fnoney whichMB at fiichw tat£ pah tent; asihatl bl adjusted

majority.

The book of sederunt to be delivered to the acting trustee, along with other books, accounts, fee.

and trustee.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. i8. 233

majority, in value at the said meeting, or at anyafter meeting of the creditors advertised for that purpose; and it shall be competent at any time for one fourth of the creditors in value to apply fammarily to the court of session for having him removed, upon cause shown; and a majority of creditors in value, at any meeting to be advertised for the purpose, shall likewise be entitled to remove, or to accept of the resignation of any trustee; and in either of these cases, or in the event of the acting trustee’s death, the next trustee in succession shall be entitled to «Ct j # and upon failure of the several trustees originally named, by death or otherwise, it shall be competent to any two of the creditors to apply to the court of session, or lord ordinary on the bills, to cause a meeting of the creditors be held, upon due advertisement, for chusing a new trustee or trustees in succession; and in any of thera cases the new a&fng trustee shall immediately call to account his oredeceftbrs in office, or their heirs and representatives, and mall be vested with the fame powers, and subject to the same rules apd regulations, as any former acting trustee.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Minutes of That the minutes of this meeting of the creditors electing a the meeting trustee, or succession of trustees, shall be forthwith reported to {J^couru the court, or lord ordinary on the bills, by the trustee who is lQ to ad, a copy of them being previously entered in the sederunt book; and the court, or the lord ordinary, shall then issue an order upon the bankrupt, to execute and deliver, within a certain reasonable time to be specified in the interlocutor, a disposition or dispositions making over to the said trustee or trustees in their order his whole real, and personal estate, wherever situated, and which shall specially describe and convey the subjects so far as they are known, or lb far as the trustees shall think it necessary, and contain all proper clauses for effectually vetting the right in him, with full powers of saie, for behoof of the creditors; and if the bankrupt shall refuse to obey such order, BaBkropt the court, or the lord ordinary, may punish him by imprison- fuf,ng to obey meat; and in that case, or in case of the said bankrupt being the order of7 absent from Scotland, or for any other reason not granting such the court, may disposition within the time that he is ordered by the interlocutor ,?Pris*n* so to do, the court, or the lord ordinary, shall, upon the appli- 1 cation of the trustee, issue an act or decree, finding the property of the whole sequestrated estate and effects, real and personal, to be in the said trustee or trustees in succession, for behoof of the creditors, and adjudging, decerning, and declaring the Whole lands and other heritable estate within the jurisdiction of the court specially enumerated, and which were the property of the bankrupt, to pertain and belong to the trustee or trustees in succession irredeemably, to the end that the fame may be fold and converted into money for payment of the creditors; which adjudication shall have the fame effect as if the bankrupt had executed the conveyance before mentioned; and the factor ori-jrinally named shall immediately deliver over to the trustee every ^Yol. XXXIV. R part

*34

Disposition of the heritable

Anno yicqQrno tertio Georgii III. c. ig« [1783.

part of the bankrupt’s estate or effects in his possession, and all securities taken for the fame, or any part thereof, and pay such balance as may appear,to be due by him upon settling his accounts; declaring always, that if any part of the bankrupt’s property happens to be entailed, the conveyance to be executed by him, or the decree of adjudication to be obtained by the trustee, shall only be undeiHood to carry that right and interest in the estate which the bankrupt himself has, and which his creditors can validly attach.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said disposition of the heritable estate, together with estate to be re- the order of the court, or lord ordinary, on which it proceeds, drifter of ab- or thereof, the decree of adjudication of the court, or of breviates of " the lord ordinary, shall within sixty days of the date thereof, be adjudications, registered by the trustee in the register of abbreviates of adjudi-&c. Catrons, and shall have the effect to entitle the trustee, for be-

hoof of the whole creditors, to rank in the same manner upon the heritable estate as if it had been a proper decree of adjudication obtained at the date of the interlocutor awarding the fc-questration, accumulating the whole debts principal and interest, as at that period, and adjudging fqr security or payment thereof, so as to rank pari with any prior effectual adjudication led within year and day of the fame; and the said disposition or adjudication shall not be reduceable upon any of the statute* concerning bankrupts, nor (truck at by any inhibition, or other legal interpellation; saving however, in the ranking upon the price, any other eftelt which such inhibition or interpellation may have with regard to contractions of the debtor posterior to the date thereof.

How the titles

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That reqaifite to upon the said disposition, or decree of adjudication, the feudal titles requisite by the law of Scotland to vest heritable property, beauSeupm AwM an<* may made UP either in the person of the trustee, or the personof in the person of the purchaser from him, in virtue of such truf-tfcetntftec,&c. tee’s conveyance, agreeable to the forms of the law of

and each trustee succeeding a prior trustee, through his death, resignation, or removal, unless substituted to him at his first nomination, shall be vested in the right either by disposition from the former trustee, or by adjudication obtained by the new trustee on a summary application to the court, or lord ordinary, as before; and the superior shall, if required, be obliged to enter the trustee or trustees in the same manner as he is directed by an act made in the twentieth year of his late Majesty's reign, for abolishing ward-holdings, without being intit led to more than one composition for the whole; and if the trustee shall afterwards discover any other heritable subjects belonging to the bankrupt, and which belonged to him at the date of the application for sequestration, the same shall either be di(poned or adjudged in manner before directed, and to the same effect; and in case the bankrupt’s own titles to any part of the estate, real or personal, which belonged tq him at that period, or to

whkh

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. 235

which he had then succeeded as apparent heir, nearest in kin, or otherwise, to any preideceflor, have not been so completed as to vest the right properly in him, the factor or trustee mall take the mod safe and eligible method of completing the bankrupt’s title, in such way and manner as the law requires; declaring always, that the rules of preference or ranking between the creditors of the ancestor and those of the heir by the law of Scotland are not meant to be altered by any thing contained in this aid.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Bankrupt’* said. That the whole estate, whether real or personal, belong- whole estate, ing to the bankrupt at the period of the sequestration, shall be- «the period come a fund of division among those who were his creditors ®n *2"^ * prior to the date of the application, and none else, according to fund of divi-their due order of preference 5 and all payments made by a fion among debtor to any of his creditors after such application, mall be bl*

▼oid and ineffectual to the receivers in the event of a sequestra- 01 tion taking place, and the factor or trustee shall be intitled to recover the money so paid as part of the bankrupt’s estate; and 11 transactions of the bankrupt subsequent to the date of the application, from which any prejudice may arise either to the creditors or to third parties, shall be null and void; declaring always, that nothing herein contained shall oblige a fide purchaser of any part of the moveable eflfe&s from the bankrupt white in possession, and for a price truly paid, to restore the effects so purchased; nor the debtor of a bankrupt, who has paid his debt to him bona fide without knowing of the bankruptcy, to pay it a second time to the factor or trustee.

XXIII. rroviding always. That if, after the said application, Effedidevolv-and before a final division among the creditors, any estate or ingapon the effects, either real or personal, shall devolve upon the bankrupt, att" rthe ap-either in the way of succession, or otherwise, he shall be oblig- plication and ed, immediately when such event happens, to make a full dif- before a final covery thereof to the factor or trustee, and shall, if required, division. make oath to the same before any magistrate of the borough, or

judge ordinary of the county of his residence, in order that the factor or trustee may have an opportunity of taking such steps s are necessary or proper for the interest of his constituents; and the said factor or trustee shall likewise give immediate notice thereof to the creditors, either at the first general meeting, or by adveitifing a meeting for the purpose.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No arrestment no arrestment of a debtor’s personal estate, or any part of it, «f debtor's used at any time within thirty days before an application for a P*rfnal sequestration under the authority of this act, shall give any pre- !0 daysbe-ference to the arresting creditor in the event of a sequestration for* appl*ca-taking place; and the arrestee shall be obliged to deliver the tion fora <e-effects arrested, or pay what he owes the bankrupt, to the

factor or trustee,’ as if such arrestment had been used for the *v 1

: whole creditors; and if the arrestee has delivered the effects, hr paid the money arrested to the arrester, by virtue of a decree of

R 2 forth-

336

[Proviso.]

Trustee to recover the whole estate of the bankrupt, for the benefit of hit creditors.

Majority of creditors in value to determine relative to the fide of heritable estate*.

Anno vicesimo terdo Georgii III. c. it.

[1783.

forthcoming* or any other authority whatever* the arrester shall be obliged to pay or deliver the same to the factor or trustee; and in like manner no poinding of a debtor’s effects not com* plctely executed thirty days before such application* shall give any right or preference to the poinder in the event of a sequestration taking place* but the poinder shall be obliged to deliver to the factor or trustee the goods poinded, if not fold or dispof-ed of* when he is required so to do; and if they are then sold or disposed of* he shall be liable to account to the said factor or trustee for the appraised value of the goods poinded* and shall make part of the fund to be distributed. among the creditors.

XXV. Provided always, That all a'rrefters and pojnders who shall be deprived of the benefit of their respective diligences in maimer toresaid, shall be intitled to demand or retain the expence laid out by them in prosecuting such diligences.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid* Thai the trustee* when appointed* shall forthwith proceed to recover, in the speediest and most effectual manner* the whole estate under his management or power* whether at home or in foreign parts, in order that the fame may be distributed among the creditorsj and he shall be obliged to follow those directions and rules, with regard to the recovery* management* and foie of the estate real and personal, which are laid down by a majority of the creditors in value* convened at the meeting by which he was appointed* or any subsequent meeting 5 and be Sides the stated annual meetings herein after mentioned* the trustee shall* if required at any time by one fourth of the creditors m value who have produced and proved their claims* be obliged to call a general meeting; or he himself may on any emergency call such meeting* sufficient previous intimation of every occasional meeting* and the purpose of calling it* being always giveo* by advertisement in the two Edinburgh newspapers before mentioned, three weeks at lead before the meeting.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any part of the feaueftrated estate consists of land, or other heritable subjects* it shall be optional to a majority of eve* ditors in value to determine, either at the meeting appointing the trustee, or at any of the subsequent stated meetings, or other meeting called for the purpose* whether the trustee is to bring the saki heritable estate to judicial sale before the court of fefii-on, or to dispose thereof by voluntary publick sale; and if the latter mode is adopted, the sale made, after such advertisetnent* and at such upset price as shall be fixed by a majority of creditors in value at any such meeting, shall be valid and effectoal, with and under the burden of all debts and claims heritably secured upon the estate, in so far as the same are preferable to the disposition or deerte veiling the said estate in the trustee* and the purchaser shall have no concern with the application of the price; and if a majority of creditors in value determined for a judicial sale and ranking the trustee shall be obliged forthwith to proceed in fame, and shall be intitled to carry it on as to

a part

*37

17(3.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. i&* a part of the estate, without including the whole, and without any other proof of bankruptcy than the act of sequestration; and it shall be enough to call the bankrupt himself, and his real creditors in possession, upon a citation of fifteen days, whether they are within the kingdom or not, and the edical citations frail be dispensed with.

XXVIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act con- Not to bar the timed shall bar the right which any preferable heritable creditor right of any may have by the law, as it stands at present, to bring his deb- preferable he-for’s estate to a judicial sale at his own- infiance, unless £blc crcdl* such sale has been previously brought at the instance of the

trustee.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Creditors,

in every such process of ranking and Tale, the creditors produc- whole claims ing their grounds or claims of debt, shall be irititled to prove are objected and constitute the fame, if objected to, without bringing separate ftions for that purpose; but provided always, that the court on to prove shall only allow a reasonable time for so doing; and the creditors the same.

shall be intitled to draw their shares of the price, in virtue of the disposition and adjudication before mentioned, without the necessity of any other adjudication; and no other adjudication shall be competent after the date of the sequestration.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Trustee to

the trustee shall be obliged to lodge all money he receives in l°dgc the mo-such bank, or with such banking company, as a majority of ere- "^visYVee-ditors in value at any general meeting shall appoint; and, fail- a^ly to ing such appointment, in the royal bank or bank of, and appointment

at such interest as can be procured for the fame j and never to of a general retain in his own hands above the sum of fifty pounds sterling

for the space of ten days, otherwise to be liable to the creditors for (even and one half per cent, per annum on what ever exceeds the sum of fifty pounds sterling, in name of interest and damages.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That An advertise-the trustee shall within ten days after his appointment is con- ment to be firmed by the court of session, cause publish an advertisement in P"hh(hed by each of the two Edinburgh newspapers before mentioned, re- requinngVhe quiring all the creditors to lodge with him their claims, and creditors to vouchers or grounds of debt, with their oaths for proving the bring in their fame as directed by this act, within nine calendar months after cIaim4#

the date of the interlocutor awarding the sequestration5 speci-foing the day when the said nine months expire, and certifying taofe creditors who shall neglect to comply with this requisiti-Oft, that they shall not be intitled to any share in the first distri-bfttion of the debtor’s estate.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Farther di-fob)1, That the trustee shall, within one calendar month after regions to the the termination of the said nine calendar months, make up a trustcc*

frite of the bankrupt’s efte&s that have been converted into money, and a state of the debts which have been proved, and lodged with him in manner before required, calculating interest

R 3. upon

*3*

Court of session to deter* mine all questions re* lative to objected claims, &c.

Trudee to make up a scherae of di* vision for a fecund dividend, &c.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. [1783.

upon each up to the date of the ieqnedratian, with a scheme or cad dividing the free produce of the money so recovered among the several creditors in these debts according to their due order of ranking; which dates and scheme, together with a general date of the bankrupt’s affairs brought ,down to that period, shall lie open, for the inspection of the creditors or their agents, in the trudee's hands for two months longer, when a dated general meeting of the creditors shall be held at the place of the trudee’s residence, exactly at the didance of a year after the fequedration, being the fame day twelve months, or the next lawful day thereafter, to give such orders as may appear necessary for the future management, and to receive their fird dividends; and the trudee shall give notice thereof two months before by advertisement in the said two Edinburgh newspapers j and in case any of the debts claimed upon shall be objected to, in whole or in part, or their place in the ranking disputec^ or any other objections shall be made to the fetfeme, as made up by the trudee, a share of the said fund, corresponding to the utmoti amount of the Turns or dividends to which the disputed articles may be intitled, shall be left in the bank or banking house where the monies were depoOted as aforesaid, till all such questions are determined by the court of session, which the said cotu* is hereby authorized and required to do summarily, on the application of the trudee, or any other person intereded, and la such summary process to allow a proof of the debts or of the objections, if required; and if, in the event of such quedioo, the said sum, or any part of it, shall remain unapplied to the debt or debts for which it was claimed, the same shall go into the fund for any subsequent distribution; and the shares of creditors not called for at the time of distribution, shall again be deposited on their risque in the hands of the banking company before mentioned, at such intered as can be got for the fame, which intered so gained shall be for the general behoof.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That within one calendar month after twenty-one calendar months from the date of the fequedration, the trustees shall make up another scheme of division among the creditors, who, before the end of the said twenty-one months, have produced in bi» hands their claims and grounds of debt, and oaths of verity,a* before, together with new dates of the funds and debts, and of the bankrupt’s affairs in general, as before directed; which shall in like manner remain open for inspection for the two following jnonths; and the next dated general meeting of the creditgrt for receiving their second dividends, and for the other purpose t before mentioned, shall be held after the like advertisement ex? adly at the didance of another year, being on the fame day two years from the date of the fequedration, or on the next lawftf day thereafter; and the like procedure shall be followed out at the fame intervals of time thereafter, and until the whole fundi of the bankrupt are collected and distributed among htsaedS*1 tors; declaring always, that no creditor shall draw any share of

tbt

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 1?. 239

the different distributions* unless his grounds of debt, and oath

on the verity thereof, shall have been lodged with the trustee

on or before the respective days appointed for that purpose, but

he shall be imitled, in the next distribution which happens after the grounds of debt arc so produced and proved, to draw out

of the first end of the remaining fund in the trustee’s hands, a

sum equal to the former dividend or dividends on his debt, with

deduction of five per ant. on the said dividends, which is to be

retained by the trustee for the common behoof, on account of the said creditor’s delay; and further declaring, that in making

up the schemes of division, all debts claimed on which are inti-

tied to a preference by the law of Scotl, not altered by this act, shall be preferred accordingly.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such creditors as claim upon debts whereof the term Debts claimed of payment is not come, may nevertheless, upon discounting beforeaauaiiy the legal interest to the term of payment, draw their shares in dll5j shall be

">AW'latJ^ainS d‘fC0UntL r ^gditounr

XXXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any of the creditors claiming to be ranked on Creditors the sequestrated estate, real or personal, shall have received any claiming who partial payment out of the estates of other obligants, or in con- J^rria* a* -sequence of any preferable security upon any particular subject ment, *he " belonging to the bankrupt himself before the sequestration, the famefoall be said partial payment shall be deducted from the total amount of dedu&edfroin his debt, and he shall only be ranked for the balance after such fod deduction; but in case such partial payment is not recovered ae till after the sequestration, he shall be intitled to rank for his full debt without any such deduction, but so as he shall never draw in whole more than complete payment of his debt 5 and the creditors of a company shall be intitled to rank upon the estates of the individual partners for the debt} due to them by the company, deducting only what they may have received before the sequestration, as before.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Producti<mof

the making production of the grounds of debt along with the the grounds oath, shall have the fame effect as to interrupting prescription aionlJ

of every kind from the period of such production, as if a proper w 08 action had been raised on the said grounds of debt against the bankrupt, and against the trustee.

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such oath the creditor deponing shall specify every Creditor, in

security he holds for his debt, whether on the estate of the ^all

debtor, or other obligants: and in case any creditor shall, after the date of the sequestration, obtain any legal or voluntary pre- hSdi* for bit

ference on any estate or subject belonging to the bankrupt directly debt.

or indirectly, situated without the jurisdiction of the court, he shall be obliged to communicate and assign the same to the

trustee, for behoof of all the creditors, before he draws any

dividend.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

R 4 said.

*40 Oaths of creditors may be taken before any judge ordinary* or justice of peace.

Meeting may chuse three creditors. Who may im power the trustee to compound all doubtful claims of the bankrupt a-gaiaft others.

Effe&f, fee. of the bankrupt, remaining three years after the date of Jequestration, to be sold by publick auc-, tion.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. iS.

[1783.

said, That the oaths of verity upon debts required by this act* may be taken before any judge ordinary or judice of the peace; and where any creditor is out of the kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or is under age* or incapable to,give an oath* in

all such cases an oath of credulity by the agent* factor* guardian, or other manager* taken in the same manner* shall be sufficient* hut which oaths* either by the party higafelf* or any other person acting for him, shall not supersede the necessity of bringing legal evidence of the dfbt* if the fame is objected to as unliquidated* and where such evidence appears to be necessary in the circumstances of the case^ and further declaring* that ho fee shall be paid by any creditor to the clerks of court* or any person whatsoever* for an oath of verity or credulity as to the debt claimed being due* of for production of the interest or grounds of debt of any creditor* unless the debt claimed on exceeds the sum of ten pounds lawful money of Gnat

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That four fifths in value of the creditors convened* either at the meeting when the trustee is chosen* or at any subsequent meeting* shall be intitled to chuse any three of the creditors* at whole light* and with whole consent* or with the consent of any two of them* the trustee shall be impowered to compound aind transact* either by fubraiflion or by private compromise* all doubtful claims which the bankrupt may have against others* or all debts due to the estate out of the other bankrupt fubie&s* and likewise all doubtful claims or demands made against the estate* where the sum claimed upon in this last case does not exceed fifty pounds sterling* but not the order of ranking and preference of that or any other debt upon the estate; and the lame majority may exempt the trustee from being liable for omiillons* and may declare whether or how far he shall be liable for attornies.orfadlors appointed by him.

XL. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at the expiration of three years from the date of the sequestration* any of the personal effects of the bankrupt, or any debts* whether heritable or moveable* due to him* remain still unuplifted* it shall be in the power of four fifths of the creditors in number and value* convened at any general meeting advertised for the purpose* to direct that such remaining debts and effects be fold off by publick auction, upon three months previous notice published in the two Edinburgh newspapers before mentioned* the sale either to be in whole or in lots* as a majority in value of the»creditors shall dire<&.

Surplus of

XLI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the debtor* estate surplus of every debtor’s estate real or personal* that may re-to be made main after payment of his debts* and of the expence incurred over to nn. «n carrying this act into execution* shall be paid or made over > to the debtor* or to his afliguees or successors.

Bankrupt XL1L And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That with concur- at any period after the sequestration, and before the final distri-t«C'andfUGr button,-it Hull be competent for the bankrupt, with concur- e rente

17*3'] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18.

rence of the trustee, and foor fifths of the creditors in number fifths of ere. and value, who have produced and proved their debts as before, to apply to the court of feflian, or to the lord ordinary on jfoaTdiftribtf-the bills in time of vacation, for a personal protection from di- tk>n> apply to ligeoce for such time as the court or the lord ordinary shall the court for think reasonable; and the fame being once obtained, shall be P"fonai P10* renewed* if applied for in name of the bankrupt, with consent ^licence of rise trustee alone, unless any of the creditors oppose it $ in which case, the consent of four fifths of the creditors in number and value shall be required, as before; declaring always, that in this and all other cases, where consent of creditors, both in number and value, is required, creditors whose debts are under twenty pounds Sterling shall not be coanted in the number, though they are to be counted in the value.

XLUJ. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an(J> with thd it shall be competent to four fifths in number and value fame concur-of the creditors, reckoned as before, at any time after the pe- rence, after riod of the second dividend, to concur with the bankrupt in a petition to the court of session, praying that he may be held as ^tition finally discharged of all his debts contracted before the applies- the court tQ tion (or sequestration, so far as the fame may affect his person, be discharged or any personal estate to be acquired by him after the date of of bu'debt#, the discharge; and this petition being intimated upon the wall, Operand in the two Edinburgh newspapers before mentioned, the son, orhisfu-court shall, at the difiance of not less than three months there- ture personal after, resume the consideration thereof 5 and if no objection is made, they shall pronounce an act, or order, in terms of the prayer of the petition; but if appearance is made by any of the creditors, objecting the discharge ought not to be granted, on account of the bankrupt’s not living made a fair discovery and surrender of his estate, or that he has refused to grant a dispo-(ition to the trustee, as ordered by the court, or has wilfully not attended the diets of examination, or has been guilty of any collusion, or that his bankruptcy did not arise from innocent misfortunes, or lofies in business, but from culpable or undue conduit, the court shall judge of these objections, and allow a proof of them, if it is thought necessary, and shall either grant or refute the discharge, as the nature and justice of the case may require; the bankrupt always taking an oath before the court,

4or upon commission, when judgement is pronounced in his favour, and before the act can be extracted, that he has faith-folly complied with all the requisites of the statute, and has uted no undue influence, nor had recourse to any compromise wkh his cieditors, or any of them, to obtain their concurrence \ and if it shall appear that there has been any such compromise or private transaction between the bankrupt and any of his ere* dvtors, the fame is hereby declared to be unlawful; and no action shall lie upon any bill, or other securivy granted in con-(equal ce thereof.

JKLtIV. Provided always, That if the bankrupt shall at any Such di£ time afterwards either set up an equipage, or become possessed chargt not ta

242

heritable pro* pert y, or equipage, he may acquire befcwe hit debts are paid.

Allowances to be made to bankrupts*

Sederunt book to contain a record of the proceedings of the trustee, &c.

Any sequestration left unfinished at the end of a session, the lord ordinary

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. [1783.

of heritable property, by succession or otherwise, before he has paid all his debts, such equipage or property shall be liable to be attached by all or any of his creditors, whether prior or fub-sequent to the discharge, as if no such discharge had taken place; and the same shall only be effectual to protect his person or other effects.

XLV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the bankrupt shall obtain a final discharge, it shall be in the power of four fifths of the creditors in number and value, reckoned as before, convened at any meeting the reafter, to make him an allowance of three per cent. upon the nett funds divided, 'but not exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds sterling in all, if the dividends amount to less than ten shillings in the pc*md of the debts, as they flood at the period of the sequestration; and five per cent. but not exceeding the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds sterling in all, if they amount to ten shillings, and under twelve shillings and sixpence? or seven and an half per cent, but not exceeding three hundred pounds fter-line in all, if they amount to twelve shillings and sixpence, and under fifteen shillings^ or ten per but not exceeding the sum of four hundred pounds (lerling in all, if the dividends amount tofifteen shillings in the pound, or upwards; the said allowance to be calculated on the nett amount of the funvs re-speflively to be divided? and in making the several dividends, the trufiee shall have in view to deduct so much from each as shall leave a fund on hand for answering this allowance, in case it shall afterwards take place; and if the allowance shall in the end be refused, a final dividend shall be made thereof among the creditors; declaring always, that preferable creditors who are fully secured, shall not be counted either in the question about the allowance, or in applying for the personal protection or the discharge.

XLVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sederunt book before mentioned shall contain a full record of all the proceedings of the trufiee, minutes of general meetings, dates of accounts, schemes of division, and all other matters relative to the trufi; and another duplicate of the whole papers and proceedings, ingrossed in the said book, shall be subscribed by the trufiee, and within fourteen days after the proceedings take place, or the calls, schemes, and accounts, are made out, shall be transmitted by him to the clerk to the fe-quefiration in the court of session, to lie among the records of court; and the said book of (ederunt, and the bankrupts books and papers, and whole other papers in the trufiee’s hands, shall at all times be made patent to any creditor who desires to fee the same.

XLVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any application for sequestration shall be made to the court of session when fitting, and any thing shall be left undone at the end of any session by the want of time, the lord ordinary on the bills is hereby authorized and required to do every thing

necessary

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. 242

necessary in execution of this a dtduring the vacation, that he on the bills to is impowered to do when the petition for fcqpestration is origi-

nally presented to him j and in like manner, when the applica- ana€* non for sequestration is made to the lord ordinary on the bills in time of vacation, and any thing is to be done in time of session, the court shall proceed therein in the fame way as if the petition had been originally presented to themselves.

XLVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Court of fef-if any appeal shall be taken against any order or interlocutor of fion» pending the court of session, or against any act or order of the lord ordi- *PPfal» nary upon the bills, in the execution of this act, it shall be law- 5£r pr£f’ ful and competent to the said court in time of section, and lord venting em-ordinary on the bills in time of vacation, notwithstanding such bezzlement appeal, to make such orders, and direct such proceedings, as t

shall appear to be expedient for preventing the estate of the e a e* debtor from being embezzled, secreted, damaged, or delapi-dated, while the appeal is pendent.

XLIX., And be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any petition for sequestration under the autho- On death of rity of this act is presented, it shall be competent for any other a creditor creditor to concur therein, and to follow forth the fame, even ?h° Jai P1* without the consent or after the death of the creditor or credi- £*"

tors originally petitioning; and the expence disbursed therein questration,

shall be repaid by thefadtor or trustee, out of the first end of any other cre-the debtor’s estate, to the creditor or creditors by whom the jhtormay fame is di(byrfed and if the bankrupt shall happen to die in the mean time, the proceedings under this act shall notwithstanding be carried on and followed out to their conclusion, as if he were in life.

1m And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall Court of fef-and may be lawful for the court of session to establish such fur- Aon may efta« ther regulations as shall appear to them most proper for carry- w,(h further ing this act into effectual execution according to the true in- fof executing tent thereof, and to publish the fame in any act or acts of tbit act. federuniv which shall be in force in so far as is confident with this act.

LL. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at Meeting of the meeting held as aforesaid for appointing a trustee on the creditors may bankrupt’s estate, or any subsequent meeting called for the pur- »PPoint a pose, it is determined by a majority of creditors in value, that countabfeto. the estate ought to be vested in a factor accountable to the court the court of of section, and not in the person of a trustee; the person chosen section. by the majority in value aforesaid shall be, by the court of sessiop, or lord ordinary on the bills, appointed a factor on the fdd estate, and shall be vested in the lame, and obliged to manage, recover, fell, and dispose of the fame, and to divide the proceeds thereof, in the fame way and manner as the trustee is difedted by this act, and under such regulations as the court of session may think proper to lay down for his conduct; and tlte bankrupt may also in such case be discharged, and intitled to

the

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. i 8.

[178J.

the fame allowances and privileges/ and subject to the fiiOe condition* as aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority afordaM, That this act shall be construed by aH judges in the most beneficial manner for promoting the ends hereby intended; and th*t the same shall be extended to all women as well as men, "who fall under the description before recited.

LIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no rates or duties imposed by any statutes upon estates or sold by auction, shall be exigible upon any estates or effects* real or personal, fold under the authority of this act.

LIV< And whereas doubts may, whether any proceedings earn, be held on the sequestrations that have been awarded under the said act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty% continued by that of the twentieth year of his present, after the fame expires; for removing all such doubts, it is hereby enabled Seque ft ration* and declared by the authority aforesaid, That where any fc-©btained un- questration has been or shall be obtained under the said late ad, dCT before it expires, the same shall continue in force for six months

to continue in after the commencement of this present act; during which force fix time it shall be lawful and competent for any creditor whose months after debt amounts to the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, or

*44

This act to extend to women, &c.

Auctions under this act not liable to any duties.

the commencement this act 5 during which time, creditors may apply to the court of session, in order to have the sequestration renewed.

any two creditors whose debts amount to the sum of one htsn-ot dred and fifty pounds sterling, or any three or more creditors whose debts amount to the sum of two hundred pounds sterling, or upwards, or to the bankrupt himself, with consent of one or more of such creditors, to apply, by summary petition, to the court of session, or the lord ordinary upon the bills in vacation, representing that thq said bankrupt is a merchant, or otherwise under the description of this present act, and therefore praying to have the sequestration renewed, with the addition of all lands and other heritable subjects belonging to the bankrupt withhi Scotland$ and upon production of their grounds of debt, and making oath as required in other cases of sequestration under this act, the fame regulations shall be followed out as if there had been no previous sequestration of the said bankrupt’s per* fonal effects, but Saving any right which the creditors have acquired by the said former sequestration; and in case the creditors shall name a new factor or trustee under this present act, the former factor or trustee shall be obliged to denude in his favour, and convey and deliver all effects, monies, papers, books, documents, and writings, of every kind, in his hands, in any lhape relating to the sequestrated estate, to the said new factor or trustee, for behoof of the creditors 5 and if the case does not fall within the description of this present act, it shall be lawful and competent for any one or more of the creditors, but not for the bankrupt himself, to apply to the said court, or lord ordinary on the bills, by summary petition, within the said time, praying that the sequestration of the personal effects shall still subsist, and be carried on under such regulations- as the court shall

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 19.

i^all think proper to devise or appoint, confidently with the general plan of the said late act of parliament; and to the effect of obtaining an equal distribution of such personal estate, in terms of the said late aft; which the court, or lord ordinary, may allow, unless sufficient cause is (hown to the contrary.

LV. Jndwhereas it bath been found by, experience, that so touch of the said act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to bills and promissory, hath been of great advantage to the trade and emmerte of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, be it therefore enacted, That so much, and such part of the said act, shall be, and the fame is hereby made perpetual: and that all the powers, authorities, and regulations contained in this act, for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious, shall take place and have continuance, from and after the expiration of this present session of parliament, and from thence for and during the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

*45

So much of the act 1* Geo. 3. c. 7a. fest. 36. as relates to bills and promil-fory notes, -made perpetual.

Commencement and

continuance of this act.

CAP. XIX.

An act for repealing an act, made in the last session of parliament, for compelling John Whitehill esquire to return into this kingdom, and for other purposes; and for setting in the said. John Whitehill his estate and effects forfeited in consequence of the said act \ and foe restraining kum from going out of this kingdom for a limited time; and for difeo-vering hia estate and effects, and preventing the transpordng or aHenat* lug the feme.

Recital of Geo. 3. c. 69. The receited act repealed. All proceedings upon the former act declared void, and Mr. Whitehill restored to ms estate* Sec* Mr. Whitehill restrained from going out of the kingdom be* rare Feb. i, 1784, and to enter into recognizance for that purpose with forcties. In case be neglect to enter into such recognizance, barons of the exchequer may commit him to the Fleet; and if he leave the kingdom before Feb. 1. 1784., he and his assistants therein shall forfeit their states. John Whitehill esquire, within thirty days alter patting this act, to deliver into the court of exchequer, on oath, two particulars of hit lands, tenements, goods. See. Barons of the exchequer to deliver one duplicate of the particulars to the speaker of the house of lords, and the other to the speaker of the house of commons. If the particulars shall appear evative or onsatisfactory, See. the barons of the exchequer are to examine the persons delivering the fame. In default of attendance upon, aoy summoos from the said barons, they may issue their warrant for apprehending the defaulter; who, on refuting to be examined. See. dial I be committed. Persons detaining any part of the property of John White-kill, ejqi or able to give information concerning the feme, and who shall rafofe to come before the said barons, Sec. when lawfully summoned, shall bc.commitied. John Whitehill, esq; disabled from aliening or incumbering his real fcftate until Feb. 1, 1784.; and also from assigning his personal estate, except for subsistence of himself and family, or paying just debts eowtrafted before April *9, 178s, and except perishable goods, and so mods as will indemnify his furetiea ih so,000l. This act not to disable John Whitehill, esq; from disposing of his estate or effects in case he shall die before Feb. s, 1784. If John Whitehill, esq; shall, before Feb. x, >784, convey any of his monies or effects out of the realm (except as i# excepted,) be and his aiders therein shall be punished as felons. Penalty on persons who shall conceal any estate belonging to John Whitehill, esq; Allowance to be made to persons making oifeoveriei of any estate or

effects

246 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 20, 21.

[Publick act.]

effects concealed, so per cent, if abroad, at 10 per cent at home. Bast India company to fend an authenticated copy of the particulars delivered into the court of exchequer, to the supreme court or judicature in Bengal, Set. Allowance to persons making discovery of concealed estates or effects in India, so per cent. Penalty on persons in India who shall fe-Crete any estate, real or personal, after six calendar months, treble value, one moiety to the Raft India company, the other to the prosecutor. Forfeited estates, Set. to be paid into the exchequer.

CAP. XX.

An act for building a new shire-hall and guild-hall for the county of Salop, and the town of Shrewsbury, in the said county $ and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

The expencet to be raised by rates on the county of Salop, and the towns and liberties of Ludlow, not exceeding i s. *.d. in the pound to be paid in three years from March *5, 17S3 j and to be under the direction of the iuitices of the peace for the county of Salop, and the commissioners of the land tax for the same county, and for the town of Ludlow in the find county; and also of the justices of the peace, and such aldermen of the town of Shrewsbury as are qualified to act as commissioners of land tax for the county at large, and the justices of the several corporations within the said county who are appointed commissioners to put this act in execution.

Cap. xxr.

An act for granting a bounty upon the exportation of British and Irish buckrams and tillettings, British and Irish limns, British callicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen,

flamed,or dyed, in Great Britain.

WHEREAS the manufacture of and cottons,

or cotton mixed with and the printing, tag, and dying thereof, would be greatly improved, and the tion thereof to foreign parts imreased, if a bounty was

allowed on the exportation of all British and Irish buckrams and til-lettings, British and Irish li, British callicoes and cottons, or -

ton mixed with linen, of a certain value, printed, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia-« merit assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there

pSd on ex- be S,ven and Pa#,d> without any fee, reward, or deduftkxt

Donation of whatsoever, a bounty for every yard of and trifle buck-

British and rams and tillettings, and for every yard of British or Irish Irish buck- linen, and of British callicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with leSngs, &c. inen’ Prmted> painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, printed) stain- of the breadth of twenty-five inches or more, which, before the ed, or dyed in printing, painting, staining, or dying thereof, shall be under the CrG^r*ta*n’ va^uc ^vc Pence Per y*td, the sum of one halfpenny; and of

11. ' * the value of five-pence per yard, and under the value of six-pence per yard, the sum of one penny and of the value of fix-

penca

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 22,23. 247

pence per yard, and not exceeding the value of eight-pence per

yard, the sum of one penny halfpenny$ which, from and after the passing of this act, until the twenty-eighth day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be exported out of Great Britain, to Africa, America^ Portugal, Gibral-

tar, or the East Indies, in the same manner, and under the like provisions, conditions, limitations, penalties, and forfeitures, as are mentioned and contained in an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty's reign, f intituled An act for granting a bounty upon certain species of British Irish exported; and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax,) touching the bounties thereby given upon the linens therein mentioned to be exported.

Cap. xxii.

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by paptfa, and for relief of protestant purchasers. —-Enlarged to Sep. 1,17*5.

[Preamble.]

Ad 3 Geo. 1. recited. Deeds and wills of papists, &c.*made since Sept. *9, 1717, to be good in law, if inrolled before Sept, i, 1783.

This act not to extend to deeds. See. the validity whereof has been brought in question before Jan. 1, 1783. Purchases made by protestants not to be voided, on account of the title-deeds not having been enrolled. See. This act not to make good any grant of tlje right of presentation to any benefice, Sec. in trust for any papist.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to prevent frifoners in the Xing’s Bench or the rules

thereof, or their families or servants, gaining fittlements in the parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the borough of Southwark, and county of Surrey; and for the relief of the parish,

with respect to the families of prisoners in the said Xing's Bench, or the Marshalsea prison, or in the county goal, or house -reflion belonging to the said county \ for regulating the manner of thufing overseers of the poor; and for appointing of the

poofs rates, within the said parish.

WHEREAS there are fetuate within the parish of Saint Preamble George the Martyr in Southwark, in Surrey,

the foU gprisons\ (videlicet,) the King's Bench the

prison of his Majestyspalace court, The Marshalsea, the

gammon goal of the said county of Surrey, called The new goal, and the house of correction for the said county, called The new Bridewell: And whereas the rules of the said Xing's Bench prison extend aver the whole of the said parish, except a fmoll part thereof; and great numbers of prisoners are permitted to live out of the said pri-Jan, but within the said rules 5 many of whom, with large families and in distressed circumstances, rent houses, or parts of or

bdgings reaayffurtiijbea, which making them liable to be rated, and

to

*4&

The families of prisoners in the several prisons be* come chargeable to the pariQi.

Prisoners in King's Bench or rules, not to gain settle-xnents in 6t. George's pa-

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23. [1783.

to pay parish rates and taxes, they would thereby gain, and many of which prisoners and their families have become chargeable u the said parish, and of cowrfe heavy and grievous burthens on the inhabitants: and whereas many persons gain settlements in the said parish, by living as yearly hired servants with prisoners residing in the said prtfon, or ttoe said rulesfeveral 0/which fervcMS being

women of bad character, become, together with their bafard children, chargeable to the said parish: and whereas the families of being prisoners in the Marshalsea prtfon, county goal, or of correction, are frequently sent from the said prisons sick, or otherwise distressed, to the overseers of the poor of the said parish, for relief, and art by them supported, and, when able, removed to their tive places of settlement, if the fame can be found out% which brings many heavy expenses on the said parish, some of such places ofsettlement having proved to be at very great disiances from the said parish: and whereas the several extraordinary expenses before mentioned greatly enhance the distress of the said parish, the poor of which are very numerous, and the inhabitants chiefly tenants at rack rent, and very heavily taxed in all respects; and the said parish, being the great avenue to London, from Portsmouth, Dover, and other parts,

many travellers, and poor persons of every and lodge

in the said parish, in houses let by the owners or occupiers thereof intenements, or in parcels, to under tenants, or in lodgings or separate apartments vibereby the number of casual poor are much enertafed: and whereas the poor of the said parish, both in and out of the work-house, might be more properly employed and maintained, if the whole number of overseers of the poor were not to be appointed at one and the same time in every year\ and as the business of collecting the money on the poor's rates within the said parish requires more than ordinary attendance and diligence, it would be a great relief to the inhabitants serving the laborious office of overseer, and might be a means of the said rates being more if power was given to the vestry of the said parish to appoint collectors of the poor's rates, wherefore, for the relief and convenience of the said parish, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act*

» no person or persons whomsoever, now a prisoner or prisoners, or who shall hpreafter become a prison or prisoners in the King's Bench prison, or the rules thereof, shall gain or be adjudged or deemed to gain a settlement in the said parish of Saint

rish, by means George the Martyr, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, by renting a house, part of a house, lodging, furnish* cd or unfurnished, or any other premises what foe ver, within the said pariftt, or by being rated to and paying any rates or taxes for the fame, whilst, he, ftie, or they shall be such prisoner or prisoners; nor shall any person or persons gain, or be adjudged or deemed to gain, a settlement within the said parish, by, or by yeafon for on account of living, or having lived or re-

sided

of renting houses or lodgings, or being rated to the poor; nor their fer-▼ants.

'*78j.] Anno vi&fimo tertio Georgii III. c. &4$

sided.with any prisoner or prisoners,* within the said prison, of the rales thereof, as or in the capacity of a hired servant; any law, statute, usage, or cuitoqi, to the contrary nocwith* landing.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever any person or Rei;ef giveri persons, being a prisoner or prisoners irt the said prison of the by thepirifH King's Bench, or the rules thereof, or in the prison of the Ahr- families oC Jhaljea, or any person or persons being a part of, or be- i’-rion*ho longing to the family of any fuel) prisoner, or being a servant B?ntfi orlervants to any such prisoner, shall be relieved or supported, or Marshalfe* or removed to their respective places of settlement, by the said to be repaid parish of Saint George the Martyr, or shall become anyways j?y !|^lr rc* burthensome to the said parish, all such Charges and expences JJquJ*6

as shall be actually incurred and paid by the overseers of the * poor, or vestry of the said parish, on any of the above accounts,

shall be borne and repaid to the said overseers by the respective parishes and places to which they shall belong; and shall and may to be recover* be, by them or either of them, recovered of and from any over-fecr of the poor of the respective parish or plaCe, by action Of 0 e debt, bill* plaint, or information* in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster,or. within the city of, to be

commenced 2nd prosecuted by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the said parish, or one of them; in which atfion or (uit no protection, cfloin, or wager of law* or more thSrvone imparlance, shall be allowed; every account of fuel) charges and expences being lirft examined and tfgned by a justice of the peace, a<5ling in and for the eastern half hundred of Brixton, and borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, not being an inhabitant of the said

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person of pef- Reliefgitfert Tons, belonging to, or being part of the family of any prisoner by the jnnrii or prisoners in the said county goal or house of correction, or t^the famiiici any child or children, born in either of the said prisons, shall £he county become chargeable to the said parish, either for relief or main- goal, or house tenartce, or to be femoved to their settlement, all charges and of correction, expences incurred by the said parish shall be repaid to the over- to be repaid seers of the poor of the said pari (h, by the treasurer of the said j^erof the" county of Surrey, out of the money belonging to thfc said county, out of county; amd in order thereto, the overseers of the poor of the the county said parish shall, once in every year, or oftener if they shall stock.

think fix, make our a clear and particular account, in writing*

of such expences as shall, to the time of making out such account, have been incurred and paid, or provided for by the overseet's of the poor of the said parish, on account of the respective perforts who shall have been so relieved or supported by the faits parish, or removed from thence to their places of fetdement $ which account the said overseers shall, after signing the fame, lay before two of the justices of the peace for the eafrterri half hundred of Brixton, and borough of Soiitbivark, in the said county of Surrey, not being inhabitants of the said parish, who shall, and are hereby required upon application being made to Vcl. XXXIV. S theca

a$Q Anno vicesimo tcrdo Georgii III. c.

[1783.

% them for that purpose, inspect such account, and, if they think it necessary, examine the said overseers, or any of them, or their books or accounts, touching any the charges in the account laid before them; and unless the said account shall appear to such justices to be fraudulent or unreasonable, they shall immediately (ign and allow the fame; which account, being produced and delivered to the treasurer for the said county for the time bei,ng, shall be a sufficient warrant and authority to him for paying the full sum therein contained, and which he is hereby required to pay on demand; all which sums of money, so to be from time to time paid, shall be allowed in account to him, as treasurer for the said county of Surrey.

The owners of

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and divided houses persons, whether owner, leftee, landlord, renter, or tenant, abhTfor the* *ct ^,s *ief house, tenement, or other premises,

rates.0* within the said parish, ready-furnished, or in parcels, or separate apartments, or in lodgings furnished, or unfurnished, shall be deemed the occupier thereof, and shall be subject to be rated to and pay the poor's rates, and all other parochial rates and taxes of the said parish; which rate or rates, assessment or affe Aments, shall be paid by the person or persons renting or occupying any such ready>furnished house, or any such parcel or separate appartments, or ready-furnished lodgings; and the person or persons, occupier or occupiers, of whom the same shall be demanded, is and are hereby authorized and required to pay such sum and sums of money as shall be so rated or assessed upon the owner, leftee, landlord, renter, or tenant, and to deduct the fame out of his, her, or their respective rent or rents; and such owner, lessee, landlord, renter or tenant, is and are hereby respectively required to allow such payment upon the receipt of the reudue of his, her, or their respectire rent or rents; and every such person or persons, occupier or occupiers, paying such rate or rates, a(&dment or assessments, shall be acquited and discharged of and for (b much of his, her, or their rent or rents as the said rate or rates, a Ae Ament or assessments', so paid by him, her, or them, shall amount unto, as if the lame had been actually paid to the person or persons to,whom his or her rent shall be due and payable; and in default of payment of the said rate or rates, afle£> ment or adedments, the same shall be and remain a charge up-' on the premises in respect whereof the same shall be so rated or adefled, and shall or may be recovered of and from such owner, JeA*ee, landlord, renter, or tenant, respectively, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the coutt of requclts holden in the town and borough of, in the county of

to be commenced and prosecuted by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the said parish\for the time being, or one of them; in which action or suit no protection, edoin,

or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

iy%i.] Anno Gao?cn III. c;a£, 25*

V. And be it further enacted, That. one Manner of

thousand seven hundred and eighty- firee* the inhabitants of appointing the said parish of Saidt'Georgt the Martyr, assembled in vestry, overseera (hah nominate four substamial householdere to lerve the office *aturc' of overseer of the poor of ttye said parish, and shall cause adift: of tike names of the said four persons to be delivered to the justices of the peace<a<3ting in and for the eastern half hundred of Brixten, and borough of Sautbwark, in the said county rey9 at the next ensuing potty session, for their appointment of two of the said four persons to be overseers of the poor of the said parish who shall continue in their said.office until Tae/doy,one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and until the petty session then next foilomhg, when two others shall be appointed in manner aforesaid, to ad in their Reads: provided. nevertheless, that -two of the present overseers,

'Jejbua Leet and Alexander Charnley, shall continue in their said-

office of overseer until two others are appointed at the time bereki-after mentioned, and no longer; and that on the twenty-ninth day of September, one thowfand seven hundred and eighty-three, the inhabitants of the said parish in vestry assembled, shall nominate four substantial householders of the said parish to serve the office of overseer of the poor of the said parish for the year ensuing, and shall cause a lid of such four persons to be delivered to the said justices at their next petty session, who (half appoint two of the four so nominated, to be overseers in the loom of the said Joshua Lee9 and Alexander; provided that notice shall be given in the said parish church, %bn the Sunday next before Easter Tuesday, and the twenty ninth day of September, in every year, for the inhabitants to meet in vestry on Easter Tuesday+.znd the twenty-ninth day of, annually,

for the purpose of chusing overseers of the poor of the said pa-n£i j and that for the future ‘the overseers of the poor of the’ find parish shall continue to be nominated and appointed at the times, and in manner a*.is herein-before directed, and, not otherwise; provided always, That if the twenty-ninth day of September shall happen to be on a Sunday*, then the nomination Ip be on the next day; and that if no petty session shall ibe held Virithin one month after EasterTuejday,or within one month after the twenty-ninth day of September respectively, any two justi-ccs, dwelling within or near the said parish shall, upon being applied to for that purpose, appoint two persons out of each Hft, ms directed by this acte to be made, to be overseers of the poor of the said parish for the year ensuing; and if any overseer (halt die, or remove out of the said parish, the said justices may, on application as aforesaid, appoint another in the room of him deceased or removed 3 and that all overseers of the poor of the Ibid.parish so chosen, shall bdsubjedt to the several laws relating to the office of overseer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the ^lie te&or, churchwardens, overseers of the poor, and vestrymen of miy appoint the said parish of Saint George the Marty, or the major part of

S 2 them.

*5*

collectors of the poor'* rates.

Collectors to account.

If they refuse to account, &c. may be commuted;

Anno vicesimo tertio GeoROIJ III. c.

[1783.

them) at a publick meeting to be held for that purpose, such major part not being less thin nine, and they are hereby fully authorized and impowered, from time to time, as they shall think, fit. to chuse and appoint one or more fit person or persons to be collector or collectors of the poor’s rates of the said parish, and such Collector and collectors is.and are hereby author rized and impowered to colleCUand levy the same accordingly; and for the better enabling him or them so to do, it shall be lawful for such collector and collectors to execute all such warrants of distress as shall be granted or issued from time to time by the justices of the peace, against the person or persons neglecting or refuting to pay the said rates, in the same manner, and as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as overseers of the poor, by any law or laws, can or may execute like warrants for recovering the rates assessed the relief of the poor; and the said vestry, or the major part of them as aforesaid, at any such meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall and may, from time to time, as they think fit, remove any such person or persons from being collector or collectors of the said rates, and appoint another or other person or persons in his or their room or (lead; and shall and may, out of such rates, make such allow*' ance to the collector and collectors, for his and their trouble in collecting the fame, either by way of salary or poundage, as the said vestry, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall think fit, so as such poundage do not exceed sixpence in the pound; and they are hereby required to take sufficient security of every such collector, for the faithful accounting for all such monies as he shall receive by virtue of his said office; and such collector and collectors shall, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to collect the said rates, when and as often as any rate or assessment shall be made for that purpose, and from time to time to pay over such monies so by them respectively collected, into the hands of the overseers of the poor of the said parish, or any two of them, to be applied for the be* nefit and relief of the poor of the said parish; and the said collectors shall respectively make up and render to the said vestry, four times -in every year, or oftener, if thereunto required, si full, true, and perfect account, upon oath (which oath the said vestry, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer) of all the monies so collected and received by them respectively; and if such collector or collectors shall refuse or neglect to give in a just account as aforesaid, or to pay the monies remaining in his or their hands in the manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace for the eastern half hundred of Britton, and borough of

in the said county of Surrey, Upon complaint made to them by any one of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the said parish, and proof thereof by any one or more of them, upon oath (which oath the said justices are hereby impowered and required to administer) by warrant under their hands and seals, to commit such Collector or collectors to the common goal,

there

tiy v

*7?3.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23. ^53 v

there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until he or they shall have made a -true account, and until such money, as upon the said account shall appear to -be remaining in his or their hands,

shall be paid and satisfied by such collector or coile&ors, or by his or their security or securities, or shall have compounded for the fame, and have paid such composition money unto the overseers of the poor of the said parUh appointed as aforesaid; and which composition the said vestry, or the major part of them as aforesaid, are hereby impowered to make.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the charges and ex- Expences of pences in and about procuring and pading this act, shall be thisa^l ho* forthwith paid by the overseers of the poor of the said parish to " pald# of Saint George the Martyr, out of any parish money now in,

or hereafter to dbtne into their bands, which shall bp allowed in their account, t

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no nomination, ap- Writings to pointment, order, judgement, copviction, warrant, or other j?c w,chout writing, whatsoever,' relating to the execution of or in purfu-

ance of this act, shall be chargeable with any (Uojp-duty whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no action or fgit shall Limitation of be commenced or brought against any person or persons for any a$ion* ' thing done in pursuance of this adk, or of any of the powers hereby

given, or anvways in relation to the premises, until twenty-one days notice shall have been therebf given in writing to the vestry clerk of the said parish, nor after satisfaction or tenner of amends shall have been made; and every such action or ftiit shall be commenced and brought within the space gf six calendar months next after the cause of complaint shall arise, and not after-? wards, and shall be laid and brought in the county of and not e> few here; and the defendant or defendants, in such action or fuir, shall and may plead the general issue, and give GeneralinTue, this act, and the special matter, in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon: and if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this act, or that such action or salt shall be brought before twenty-one days notice being given as aforesaid, or after the time "herein before limited in that behalf, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall 6nd for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonfufted, or shall discon-tmue his, her, or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have and be Treble code, entitled to the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

- X. Provided always, Tha^in all such actions or suits any of inhabitants the inhabitants of the find parish, whole evidence may be necef- deemed com-fary, shall be, and are hereby declared to be competent witnef- petent wit-fes, notwithstanding the y may be charged to and pay any of the ncffc* rates or taxes within the said parish.

S3 XL And

*54. Anno yioefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 24. [1783.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this -act shall be taken and allowed in all courts, of justice as a publick act; and all publick act. judges and justices are hereby required to {ako notice thereof a§ such, without speciitliy pleading the feme.

w

CAP. XXIV.

An act for continuing an act, made in this

tituled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; so far at the same relates to the realm nf Great Britain.

WHEREAS an act was made in this session of liament, (intituled An act for punishing mutiny and de-fertior>t? and for the better payment of the army and their quarters,) which is to continue in force within the realm reat Britain from the twenty-fourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand/even hundred and ethe twenty fifth day of

April, in the year of our Lord one thousand hundred and eighty-

three: And whereas it is judged necessary by his and this present parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the fafetyof this kingdom, the defence of the possesstons of the crown of Great Britain, and the preservation of the balance of power in Europe; and tbaf the whole number of such forces should confijl of forty-one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five effective

ing four thousand one hundred and fifty-five invalids: And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or, or subjected in time of peace

to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgement of his and according to the known and established laws of this realm; never thehfs it is -

quifete, for the retaining all the before mentioned forces in their

that an exact discipline be obferand that who shall

tiny or jlir up [edition, or shall his Majestys be brought

to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow5 be it therefore entffted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act, and every clause, matter, and thing therein contained, shall be and continue in force, within the realm of Great

tain, from the twenty fourth day of April, in the year of our tinued, within Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, until the GIMtIV*ta,n, day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand

n€*5* seven hundred and eighty-three, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any articles of war, which his Majesty hath formed, made, and established, by virtue of the powers given to him by the said act, shall be and remain in full force, within the realm of Great

Cap. ij» of the present session, con-

and a’so the an'CtCS of war.

1783.] Anno tricesicno tertio Georgii III. €.45,-2 7;

Britain, until the said twenty-fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XXV.

An act to enable the corporation of the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservatoft of the great level o^the tens, to fell their taxes of certain lands within the middle and south levels, part of the Yaid great level, which have been or may be dug for turf $ and to apply the money arising from such sale, towards dischar g-ing the bond debts of the said corporation upon account of those levels.

Act 15 Car. a. c. 17. recited. Recital of an act *0 Car. «, c. 8. for taxing 83,000 acres (parcel of the 95,000) by a gradual acre tax, and it,000 acres at a medium of such tax. The lands let out into jit forts or degrees, according to which the fame have fmce been taxed. The great level divided into three parts. By an act *7 Geo. s. c. 19. the north level fc pa rated from the middle and south levels. By *9 Geo. s. c. 9. new bonds directed to be given by the corporation for the debt of 22,440l. reduced to *7,4401. due on account of the middle and south levels. By 1 a Geo. 3. the corporation empowered to borrow f urther Turns on account of those levels. 44,000l. The debt of the corporation, on account of those levels, now 35,800l. Part of the taxed landscut for turf, and other parts are fit for that purpose. The corporation empowered to fell the taxes of loch lands as have been, or may be cut for turf, to the owners of fucfi lands* The money to be applied towards disc barging the debts of the corporation on account of the middle and south level*. Puttyck aft.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to repeal so much of two acts, made in the sixtycuth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, as prohibits trade and inicrcourse with the United States of America.

16 Geo. 3. cap. 5*. and 17 Geo. 3. cap. 7. so far as they prohibit trade and intercourie with the united hates of America, or to authorize hofti-Itlies a gain ft them, after the periods let forth in the King’s proclamation dated Feb. 14, 1783, repealed.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to ascertain and establish the boundaries of and between the hospital of Bridewell and the prectnft thereunto belonging, and the parity of Saint Ann Black Friars, in the city of London, as therein specified.

‘Recital of t* Geo. 3. c. 77. and *9 Geo. %, for building Black Friars* Bridge. Agreement of the>vestry of Saint Ann's, on Nov. 178*, That in future, the centre of New Bridge Street, from Bride Lane northward, extending towards the south along the centre of the said street, to the centre of the foot of she north fide of Black Friars’ Bridge, including the flairs on the weft fide of the fame street, should be the ooundary between the said parish and Bridewell Hospital and Prednft. By agreement of the vestry of Bridewell Precjnft, on Dec. 3, 1731, the lame boundaries were afiented to; and by orders of a general court, on Dec. 18, 1782, the lame boundaries viera confirmed.

S4 CAP.

Dig jd by v

[Preamble.]

% Geo. 3. c. 51 recited.

4155 Anno vicesimcf tertiq Georgii III. c. 28. [1783.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for removing and preventing all doubts which have or might arise, concerning the rights of the parliament

and court r of Ireland, i matters of legislation and judicature j find for preventing any writ of error or appeal from any of his Majesty's courts in that kingdom from being, and adjudged, in any of his Majestys courts in the kingdom of Great Britain.

WHEREAS, by anal1 of the last of this liament, (intituled An act to repeal an aeft,’ made in the

sixth year of the teign of his late majesty King George the Firjly intituled An act for the better securing the dependency 0] the kingdom of Ireland upon the crown of Great Britain,) was enacted, That the said last mentioned alt, and ad matters and things therein tained% should be repealed: and whereas doubts have ar ifen whether the provisions of the said all are sufficient to secure to the people of Ireland the rights claimed by them to be bound only by laws by his Majesty and the parliament of that, in all cases

ever, and to have all allions and Juirs at law or in which may be instituted in that kingdom, decided in his counts therein

finally, and without appeal from thence: therefore, for removing all doubts respecting the fame, may it please your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted j and be it declared and enabled by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, TPhat the said right claimed by the people of belaud claimed by the to be bound only by laws enabled by his Majesty and the par-people of Ire- iiament of that kingdom, in all cases whatever, and to have all actions and suits at law or in equity, which may be instituted ip that kingdom, decided in his Majesty's courts therein finally, and without appeal from thence, shall be, and it is hereby declared to be established and ascertained for ever, and shall, at no time hereafter, be questioned or questionable.

No writ of er-

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, r°r or appeal That no writ of error or appeal shall be received or adiutfged,

from the pr any other proceeding be had by or in any of his Majesty's courts in 1 J P ft.

Ireland, shall courts in this kingdom, m any aaion or suit at law or in equity,

be icceived instituted in any of his Majesty's courts in the kingdom by any court land;and that all such writs, appeals, or proceedings, shall be, m Great Bn- a'^ they are hereby declared null and void to all intents and purposes; ant) th^t all records, transcripts of records or proceedings, which have been transmitted from to Great Britain^ by virtue of any writ of error or appeal, and upon which po judgement has been given or decree pronounced before the first day of Junf, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall, upon application made by pr in behalf of the party in whose favour judgement was given, or decree pronounced, in Ireland, be delivered to such party, or any person by him authorized to, apply lor and receive the same.

CAPt

The rights

land firmly established.

taw

j1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29 - 32.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for rendering effectual an act( made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Forehoe, in the county of Norfolk.

16 Geo. 3. c. 9. recited; whereby power was given to borrow n,oooo1. The whole of that sum hath been borrowed, and is found insufficient for the purposes of the act. Power to borrow a further sum of 3,000l. Power to lay additional rates, not exceeding is. 3d. in the pound. Appeal against the rates. The application of the rates directed to pay the principal debt and interest» and then to cease.

CAP. XXX.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofo purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in'cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole ad millions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid j and for allowing them timd to provide admissions duly ilamp-ed; and to give farther time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to sttornies and solicitors. — To quality before Dec. *5, 1783, and file affidavits of articles of clerkship before the last day of Michaelmas term, 1783.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for fetter paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching,^ the streets, lanes, yards, courts, alleys, and passages, within the parish of Saint. Mary, at Rotherhithe, otherwise Redriffe, in the county of Surrey, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

r

The expences to be defrayed by a rate -on the inhabitants, not exceeding as. 3d. in the poun<l per annum; and tenants, whose leases shall not exceed seven years, to be allowed one-third of the rates by their landlords. Where houses are unoccupied the owners to pay halt the rates, and chqrches, $£. and void spaces of ground. to pay not more than 6 d. per square yard. Tenants paying rates may deduct the landlord's part but 6t their rents; but no agreement between landlord and tenant vacated. Commissioners may compound with parishes, bodies politick or corporate, or triiftees; and may borroyv 6,ooool. on annuities for lives, at not more than ip per £ent. per ann. charged on the rates, clear of land tax j and as-the annuitants die the rates to be lowered

CAP. XXXII.

An act for amending an act made in the last session of parliament, for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlesex; and for providing a proper workooute and burial ground for the use of the said parish; and for, opening certain communications, and making certain streets, within the said parish.

Act tz Geo. 3. c. 35. recited; and so much as extends to the appointment of tritftees for the relief and employment of the poor, and building a workhouse, and providing a burial ground for the said parish, repealed: but not to extend to such parts as relate to opening communications, &c. The mayor, aldermen, ami recorder of the city of London, and the pre- fidentl

t5S Anno vicesimo tertip Georgii III. c. 33 - 35. [ijlj:

fidents and treasurers of Saint Bartholomew's, Corift’s, Bridewell, Bethlehem, and Saint Thomas's hospitals, *he reftor, curate, churchwardens, and overseers of the poor of the said pariftt for the time being, with twenty-five other inhabitants of the said parish, qualified as in the ad, to be annually chrofen by them, to be trustees for putting this act and the former in execqtion; and the qualification of trustees altered from i$l to i»l. per annum. Rates to be made for relief of the poor by the trofttfl, at lea ft four times in every year, and accounts thereof to be prodoced a meetings to be entered by the vestry cleric, and an abstract printed annually*

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to amend and render more effectual several acts passed in the folk, tenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majedf, for making a navigable canal from the Trent to the Merieys mads branch from the said canal to Proghall, and a rail-way from thence m or near Caldom, in the county of Stafford.

Ad of 6 Geo. ?. for making a navigable canal from the Trent to the Menfry, recited. That, in purfoahee of the said act, and two others W so and 15 Geo. 3. the company have raised various turns, amounting it the whole to 140,000l. (besides 130,000l. by subscription aroooogft then-selves.) and have regularly paid interest to Sept. 18, 1775. at 5 perm, per ann. and from thence to March 18, 1780, is in arrear, and amianti to >9,150l. The trustees empowered to assign the tolls, &c. for seeing v the lame with interest at five per cent, per ann. to be paid half yearly.

Form of assignment. Recital of r6 Geo. 3. c. j». for making scasdn Froghall, and a rail-way to CakJoo. The company have completed At last mentioned canal. The present rail-way in an inconvenient coutfe Power granted for making an extension of five hundred and thirty yank of the canal at Froghall; and altering the course of the r*»l way trow thence to Caklan, and to make a reservoir within t iree thousand yauUof the south fide of the summit of the said canal, at Stanley MoU. CanAlt be made, pursuant to the plan, in a book of reference.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for removing certain disabilitiet and incapacities, occasioned If the attainder of David Ogilvy of Airly, esquire.

Act 19 Geo. a. c. a6. whereby the said David Ogj|vy taking upon hiorfS the title of Lord Ogilvy was attainted, recited. Pardon, March 30,i»A All durabilities and incapacities, occasioned by the attainder of the^pi David Ogilvy, made void; and he and his heirs, enabled to hoidfC| offi:e under his Majesty, to inherit lands, and commence luits. Sec, Fp attainder not to alfeft any entail or settlement, &c. made or grantedW or to him, or his heirs. He may sue and be sued, plead, and be impfetw ed, Stc. General laving.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, establishing a lottery.

11,000.000l. to be raised by annuities, and 480,000b by a lottery. (Fp; tnbutors to the furn of 11,000,000l. to be entitled to certain uuififtftt viz. for every 1001. contributed to 100l. annuity at 3 per cent. M-January 5, 1783; and 15 b annuity at ± per cenc. from April j, *|^s redeemable by parliament j and also to an annuity of 13 s. 4d. for levee* (evrn years, from Januai*y 5, 1783, and then to cease; which AaH ip Charged upon a fund to be estabIHhed this session, and coHatertlly oa unking fund. Every contributor of tjooooh shall, upon payment of j*

1783.] Anno vicesinto tertio Georgii III. c. 36.

more, be intitled to four lottery tickets. Books having been opened at the bank, and deposits j&ade, pursuant to a resolution of the house of commons, of 15 per cent. All persons who have made deposits, required to pay the remainder of their Aibscriptions at certain times specified; v’rz, or the 12,000,000l. 10 per cent. May 30, 15 per cent. Jane 17, ro per cent, Joly *9, 15 per cent. August 29, 10 per cent. September 26, 15 per cent. October 31, and 10 percent. December 5. On the 480,000 lottery, so per cent. June 3, 25 per cent. July 11, 20 per cent. September 9, and no per cent. October 3. Subscribers to the annuities to be allowed intercit for all monies paid in advance, at 3 per cent, per ann. Subscribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their subscriptions, shall receive tickets to the amount thereof. Annuities shall be pud half yearly. Persons paying their whole contributions by July 2, 1783, to receive their dividends on 3 per cent, and 13 s. +d. annuities due July 5, 1783, immediately i and those not paying till January 5, 1784, when they may receive both dividends together, tax free, with other usual clauses. The 3 per cent, annuities granted by this act, shall bfe added to the 3 per cent, coniols. transferable at the bank. The per cent, annuities granted by this a £t,shall be added to the same fund as the 41 per cents, granted by the

lottery aft* of 20,21, and 22 Geo. 3. The annuities of 13s. per ann. for seventy-seven years, to be added to the consolidated long annuities of 1, 2,4, 20, and 2* Geo. 3. but to be paid out of the fund to be established this OelCon. 480,000l. to be raised by a lottery 3 the prizes whereof to be paid out of any Aipplies granted this fe/Tion. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 48,000 tickets are to be pnpted. The number and value of the fortunate tickets in all 16,036: two of 00,000l. two of io,ooool. three of 5,000l. eight of a,ooool. fheteen of i.ooool* thirty of 5001. one hundred and fifty of tool, three hundred of 50l. and fifteen thousand five hundred and twenty-five of 20l. 5001, to each firffc-

drawn ticket of the first twelve days; 1,000 L« to ditto the* 5th day; 1,500k to ditto the 19th day; a,ooool. to ditto toe aid day; 3,000l. to ditto the 5th and 28th days; and 1,000). to the latt-drawn. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 17, 1783. The 480,000l. for the payment of the forto* nate tickets, to bt charged on any supplies granted this fdfion; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on March s, 1784, See*

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to discharge and indemnify the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all damages, interest, and losses, iu respect to their not making regular payment ot certain Aims due, and to become due, to the publick, and to allow further time for such payment; and to enable the company to borrow a certain summoney; and to make a dividend ot f&ur pounds per centum to the propi ictojs at Midfiuiimer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Act 21 Geo. 3. c. 65. and 22 Geo. 3. c. 51. recited. And that besides the debts due to the publick, the company had been obliged to postpone many of their commercial debts; and that by means of the expenccsof the wars and hostilities in India, and the homeward bound ships of the said company not having duly arrived, the company were become much tfiftrelTed in their affairs. Enabled that the commissioners of the treasury may allow the company further time for the payment of 396,466k as. 6a. due for custoais, and of 100,000l. which became due December 1, 1781, and aUo of 42,105l. 10 s. which became due March 21, 1783, and of such Aims as shall become due for cultoms' before July 1, 1783, till October s, 1783; on payment whereof the company shall be indemnified. Company-impowered to increase their present bond debt, not exceeding 500,000 f. beyond their present bond debt; and to make a dividend of per cent, at Midsummer, on their capital of 3,200,000l. for the half year, from January y, to July j, 1783. \ - A n

a CAP.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 37, 3$. 11783.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to repeal an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of bn present Majesty, intituled An act to continue, for a limited time, (g much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, " for the more tay and better recruiting his Majesty's land forces and marines," as relates to tac encouragement of volunteers.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Thames, or Ids, at or near Leachlade, to join and communicate with the Stroudwater canal at Wallbridge near the town of Stroud; and also a collateral cut from the said canal at or near Siddington, to or near the town of Cirencester, in the counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

The company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation, incorporated and empowered to make a canal navigable for boats. from the river Thames, or Ids, at some* place at or near Leachlade, in the county of Gloucester, through or near Siddington, to or near Haytey Wood, and from thence through or near Sapperton, to join and communicate with a navigable cut or canal now made, between tae town of Stroud and the river Severn, at or near Wallbridge, in the same county; and also to make a collateral cut from the said canal at or near Siddington aforesaid, to or near the town of Cirencester, and to supply the lame with water from the springs, ft reams, and water-courses, in the act mentioned, or to be found within two thousand yards*of toe canal or coliare--jral cut, or from reservoirs to be made, as in the act mention*.d Not re

life the springs at Sapperton, but under lord Batburtt's di rest ion. Te carry a feeder through lord Bathurst's gardens. To lay a water pipe from the feeder into lord Bathur'ft mansion hOufe. Canal ani cut n*t to deviate more than sixty yards from the course in the plan, signed by the speaker of the house of commons. The line of the canal through Mr. Eliot’s lands described. For making the canal through several gardens, as mentioned in the act. Breadth or the canal and towing paths not to exceed forty yards (except where raised higher, or cut above six feet deeper than the present fur face of the land, and where necessary for the boats t 9turn, lie, or pass not above one hundred yards in breadth), and settle recompences. Proprietors may raise 130,000l. among tb* rhselves, attool, each share: but no one person to have more than one hundred shares. If 130,000l. not sufficient, company may borrow 60,0001, at interest; and assign the navigation, &c. as a security. The interest of the noney borrowed to be first paid. 5 per cent, to be paid to the proprietors, till the works are completed. Subscribers to have a vote for every share ov themselves or proxies. General assemblies for chusing a committee of thirteen persons, owners of three shares each at least, subject to com oul of general assembly. General assemblies to confilt of five hundred shares, who may make bye*laws, &c.’ Rates allowed to be taken for coals, be-, tween Stroud canal and Sapperton tunnel, is. 3d. per ton; between the weft end of 8apperton tunnel and Cirencester, is. per ton; and between Cirencester branch at Siddington and Leachlade, as. per ton; for iron, salt ores, salt rock, lime-stone, chalk, crates of pottery, crates of black ghifs, timber, flint, brick, stone, clay, copper, orals, and tin, and tin plates, lead, spelter, and pot metal, window glals, and plate giafs. *d. per ton,.per mile, and upon all other goods, 3d per ton, per mile, and to in proportion. Further allowance for goods remaining upon a wharf above twenty*four hoars, as shall be agreed on. Fifty fe.t of round, or forty feet of square oak, afh, or elm timber, or fifty feet of fir, or deal balk, poplar, beech, or birch, not cut into scantlings, shall be deemed a ton. Power to the proprietors to regulate and fix the price of small parcels under one hundred pounds weight. Boats of less burden than the Thames and Severn boats not to pass without leave. Allowing the owners

1783O Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 39. 3$,

ers of land* to use pleafare boat* on the canal. Rates to be taken by tfre Stroudwater company, for coals. See. passing from their canal into the Thahncs and Severn canal; viz. for coals from the river Severn to WalU bridge, and not more than one hundred and fifty yards on the new canal, as. 3d. per ton; but if more than ooe hundred and fifty yards on the new canal, and not returning, i s. per ton; but if landed within one hundred and fifty yards above Brinlcombe road, 5 s. per ton. For flints brick, stone, clay, chalk, salt ores, salt rock, and lime-stone, passing from S'.roudwater navigation into the new canal more than one hundred and fifty yards above the said road, and not returning, q. per ton, per mile. For timber, black glass bottles, and phials, and crates of pottery,

1 d. per ton, per mile. For iron caflings and wrought iron, and all other goods, id. tq. per ton, per mile. For all goods passing through Stroud* water canal, and not going above one hundred and fifty yards on the new canal, as. 3d. per ton. Vessels passing locks with less than fix tons* to pay a lock doe, and tonnage for fix tons.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time* certain powers for the better carrying cq trade and commerce between the Jitbjefts of his Mojejlfs dominions and the inhabitants of the said United

WHEREAS is is expedient, for the purpose of opening a preamble.

commercial intercourse with the inhabitants of the United Stales if America, that certain restrictions affecting the fame should be re-

moved* and that certain powers should be, for a limited time* to his Majesty in council, for regulating the said course\ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commofis, in this present parliament aftcVn-bled, and by the authority of the same, That no manifest, certificate, or other document whatsoever, shall be required for any ftiip or vessel belonging to the said United States of America arriving from thence at any port in this kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any port in this kingdom, for any port or place within the said United States, excepting such* bonds as are required to be taken, duly to export and not to reland any goods Entitled to a drawback or bounty, or which are prohibited to be used or worn in this kingdom; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in any case where a certificate is required to discharge any such bond, entered into for the due landing such goods within the said United States, such bond shall and may be discharged, upon a certificate under the bands and seals of any officers who are or may be appointed by the said United Stated, or any of them, for that purpose; and if it (hair happen that there shall not be any officer so appointed, tbfen, and in such case, such bond shall and may be discharged, upon a certificate, under the hand and seal of any magistrate of the said United States, or any of them, certifying that there is no such officer at such port or place, and that oath hath been made before

such.

No manifest. See. required from any American vessel on coming in* to or clearing out of any British port, except exportation bonds.

For discharging bonds given for land* ing goods in America.

‘ 262 Anno vicesimo terdo OeoRCH III. c. 40.' [1783.

' such magistrate, by the matter, or other per Ton having the charge of such ship, that the goods for which such certificate is required w^re duly landed by him within the said United States.

His Majesty

III. And be it further enacted, That, during the continuance i^npowered to Qf this act, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty in couo-make regula- cjj^ by order or orders to be issued and published from time to rvine on *time, to give ^uch dire^ions> and to make regulations, trade with, with respect to duties, drawbacks, or otherwise, for carrying America. on the trade and commerce between the people and territories belonging to the crown of Great Britain and the people and territories of the said united dates, as to his Majesty in council shall appear most expedient and Salutary* any law, usage, or cudom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Continuance

IV. Provided always, That this act, and the powers and of this act. authorities hereby given to his Majesty, and all orders ifiTued and published in consequence thereof, mall continue and be in force until the twentieth day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and no longer.

CAP. XL.

An act for defraying the charge of tht pay of the militia, and of the (loathing for the serjeants and drummers of the, in that part

of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

p m,u * WHEREAS it is necej that provision Jbouldbe made for

W defraying the charge of the pay of the and of the

c>bathing for the serjeants and drummers of the \, in that part of Great Britain called England, foe' one, from the -fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-thru be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament adembled. Where the and by the authority of the same, That in every county, rid-militia is or ing, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, Se receiver- w^ere l^e mi^t,a *s or be raised, the receiver or receivers-general of the general of the land tax of such county, riding, or place respectcounty is to tively, shall itfue and pay the whole sums required, in the man~ issue four ner, and for the several uses herein after mentioned; that is to in°advance for l*ie P3^ t*ie m‘l*l*a for four calendar months in

accord?ngto advance, at the rate of six shillings a day for each adjutant, the estabMh- where an adjutant is appointed and at the rate of one shilling ment of pay for each ferjemt, with the addition of two shillings and fix-herefetdownj pence a week for each serjeant-major, where a serjeant-major is appointed; and at the fate of Sixpence a day for each drum-< mer, with the addition of sixpence a day for each drum-major,

where a drum^major is appointed; and also at the rate of six-pence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying

1783.] Anno yidefitno terdo Georgii III. c. 40. 265

itig the Contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, and

independant company of militia; one penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the hospital expences of each regiment,

battalion, or independant company; and also for half a year’s with half a

salary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia be- y ’* Salary

longing to such county, riding, or'place, at the rate of fifty mcmal'and

pounds a year; and also for the respective allowances to the bamboo

clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the several subdivi- clciki;

bon meetings, at live rates following; (that is to say,) to the and the al-

clerkof the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds and lowance* to

five shillings for each meeting; and to the several clerks’ of the

subdivision meetings, at the rate of one pound and one shilling and fobdiri-

for each meeting; and also for the cloathing of the militia for fion meetings;

such county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds and pay for

and ten shillings for each serjeant, and two pounds for each cloathing of

drummer, with the addition of one pouud for each serjeant- leri€ant*

» r J drummers,

major, and each drum-major*

H. Provided nevertheless, That in any county, riding, or Where pay place, where pay has not yet been issued for the militia, no pay been

shall beKTued until his Majesty's lieutenant, or, in his absence, or in case of a vacancy by the death or removal of his Majesty's tui the lord lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants of any such county, lieutenant, or riding, or place, shall have certified to the commissioners of his deputies, ftuit Majesty's treasury, and to the receiver-general of the land tax, that three fifths of the number of private militia men of such county, riding, or place, have been inrolled, and that three cavers gene, fifths of the proportion of their commission officers have accept- ral the imvU ed their commissions, and entered their qualifications as by law required. nwn and

III. And be it enacted, That all such Turns of money granted officers, for the pay of the militia as aforesaid, except such as shall be The money* due to the several clerks of the meetings aforesaid, and except to be paid b such as shall be due on account of cloathing, shall, where the the receiver-militia has never been embodied, be paid, by the said receiver cfe^of^he* or receivers-general of the land tax, into the hands of the clerk regiment or or clerks of the regiments ,or battalions of militia belonging to battalion, such county, riding, or place, upon his or their producing his (except the or their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, un- ®|*OVf,a"5C3 ? der the hand and seal of his Majesty's lieutenant for such re- themeetmgs,) speciive county, riding, or place; and where the militia has upon produc-been embodied, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the ing the war-regiments or battalions, upon his or their producing his or their'aat ot warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, under the appoint,n<n hand and seal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion, respectively, notwithstanding such militia shall have been disembo- and for ind«-died; and where the militia shall be formed into an independ- pendant cornet company or independant Companies, such Turns as aforesaid Pa"'*10 lbe shall be paid, by the said receiver or receivers-general of the capTams^or hnd tax, into the hands of the respective captain of each inde- to their erder; pendant company of militia, or to such person as such respect

uve.

a<$4 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. 40.

[178^4

according to tive captain shall authorize to receive the same, according to the establish- number of persons hereby intitled to receive pay and cfoath-down indie ^uc*' regiment or regiments, battalion or batta-

militia act of lions, independant company or independant companies, shall a Geo. 3. have been appointed to consist; according to the establishment A second pay- ]ajd down in an act passed in the second year of the reign of uTbe made*' his Pre^ent Majesty, (intituled An, amend, and

within three reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws How being re-month* after hsting to the raising and training the militia within that part of the first; Great Britain called England;) and such receiver or receivers-and a third^ gCneraj Gf the land tax shall also, within fourteen days after the months after expiration of the third calendar month from the time of the said the second. first payment, make a second payment for four calendar months Receipts of In advance; and shall also, within fourteen days after the expi-theJK rte rat*orl *be three calendar months from the time of the said ' money'shall second payment, make a third payment for four calendar be (o paid, to months in advance, for the pay and contingent expences of the di (charge the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion receivers- clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein-before men-?be regimen- tioned; and the receipts of such clerk or clerks, and of such I tal and batta- captain of an independant company, or captains of independant Ikm-clerks are companies, or of such person or persons as such captain or cap- ! to pay in ad- ta*ins frail so authorize to receive such money as aforesaid, shall ] month^pay be 2 Efficient discharge to such receiver or receivers-general to the adfu- of the land tax for the several sums of money so by him of tant; and them paid.

two month* jy, And ;t enacted, That the clerk of each regiment of ' capta?nCfor battalion of militia shall forthwith, after the receipt'of such the serjeants sums of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one cih>

and drum- lendar month’s pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment iners; and for or battalion respectively; and to the captain or officer commaio^and1 sanding each company belonging to such regiment or batta* drum-major lion, two' months pay in advance for the serjeants and drum-two months mers; and also to the officer commanding the company to pay to be paid which the fetjeant- major and drum-major (Hall belong, two mandina^f- months pay in advance for such serjeant and drum-major; and ficer of the so, from time to time, as long as any money on that account company to shall remain in his hands: which pay every such captain of which they officer commanding is hereby required to distribute to each per-Captauts to ^on belonging to his company, by this act intitled to receive the distribute the feme, as it shall become due; and the captain of eacty indepay accord- pendant company is hereby required to distribute to each person ln*y; belonging to his company intitled thereto, such money as he for the Cfame receive for PaV his company by virtue of this act; and yearly to the' such captain or officer commanding shall, once in every yeai% cleik, or re- give in to the clerk of the regiment or battalion to which such ceiver general company shall belong, or, if captain of an independant cotn- end^nt com- Pany> to the receiver-general, an account of the several pay-panyj*accord1- mcn,s be ^al1 have niade, in pursuance of this act, according log 10 the tol- to the following form f lowing form;

County

1783] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 40

County of

Dr.

To caih received of Mr.1^ regimental or / battalion derjc, or re- caver general Cafe \

/ball beJ for two months \ pay in advance,——

Per Con

Cr.

1

Paid serjeant for days pay, from the of to the of

following ——

Ditto as serjeant-major (if I one in the company) f Paid serjeant for

days pay, from the

of to the of 1

/ following »' — - —;1 Paid drummer ‘)

days at sixpence, from the of to the 1,

of following—— ’,

Ditto as drum-major (if

one in the company) .1 Paid drummer days from the of to the of following

26$

And shall pay back to the said clerk, or to the receiver-general, P*V hack (as the case shall be,} the surplus (if any) of the money by hi*

him from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands, hands. On discharge

V. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That of serjeants or

in case the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or a*

independant company of militia, shall certify in writing to the vice no pav clerk of the fame, that he hath discharged any serjeant or drum- to be issued^ mer as unfit for the service; that in such case, no pay shall be till others are issued for the person so discharged, until another be duly ap- appointed; pointed by him; and that no payment be made to any serjeant n^J^ieV or drummer who hath been so discharged, or who has not pre- such as ate viously been approved of by the commanding officer, in case of discharged be vacancy by death, or otherwise. the command-

VI. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or ®, 5* battalion of militia, out of the money hereby directed to be ieKkewife to issued and paid to him for defraying the contingent expences of payout of the each regiment or battalion, shall, yearly and every year, pay to fhms allowed the colonel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion *or contingent one penny & month for each private man and drummer, for German for*" defraying the hospital expences of each respective company of hospital Inch regiment or battalion, during the time of the men’s being charges; absent from home upon account of their annual exercise; and andd)cfum* shall, from time to time, issue out and pay such sums of money {he repair of as may be necessary for the repair of arms, and the carriage and arms, and ° removal thereof, upon an order in writing signed by the colonel carriage

or officer commanding such regiment or battalion; and apply, phc"of-dispose of, and pay, the residue of such money, for the ge- app^d tteral use and benefit of each such respective regiment or batta- benefit of rhe* lion. In such mahner as the field officers and captains thereof, regiment, &c. or the greater part of them, shall dire# j and shall, yearly and a*,hc Arid

Vol. XXXII,

every

officers and

&66

captains shall direct, Account of the said sums

Anno vicesimo tertla Georgii III. c. 40# [1783.

every year, make up an account of all such money, and the expenditure thereof, and deliver the same to the colonel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; which account so allowed and to be made up f,gne(j shall and js hereby directed to be, the proper yeas y* c* voucher and acquittal of such clerk, for the application and dif-- posal of such money. r

Money allow-

VII. And be it enacted, That the money herein directed to ed for condn* be issued for the contingent expences of each independant coni-8f"t^XpenCC8 PanY militia, shall be, in like manner, applied to the partisan t com*- cular °* such refPc^ive independant company by the cap-paniee to be tain thereof; and shall, yearly and every year, be in like man-applied and ner accounted for to the receiver-general of the land tax of the accounted for county, or place to which such independant company shall bc-by the cap- iong. whose allowance of such account shall, in like manner, be the proper voucher for the expenditure and disposition thereof.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the,laid regimental or battalion clerk may and shall retain to his own use, out of the money so by him received, such further sums as shall complete the allowance herein-before made for his salary.

IX. And be it enacted, That where any regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, is or shall be embodied,

or called out into actual service, and thereby the officers and

"t?nnd private militia-men are or shall be intitled to the same pay as to actual fer- the officers and private men in his Majesty's other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or receivers-general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which such regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia shall belong, whether to the adjutants, serjeants, or others, and all money allowed as afqr?said for the contingent expences of such

- regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, and

ralhTo^ease a"° the allowance to the clerk of such regiment or battalion*

shall, during such time of actual service, and until such regiment, battalion, or independant company, shall be difcmbodicd and return home, cease, and not be paid.

X. And be it enacted, That the said receiver or receivers of the land tax shall pay to the clerk of the general meetings his

tocterksofCCS a^owance» at t*ie rare ^ve. Poun<^s *nd five shillings for the general each meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for that meetings, and purpose from his Majesty's lieutenant, or from three deputy-to the clerks lieutenants, assembled at some general meeting or meetings;

and shall also pay to each and every of the clerks of the fub-division meetings their several allowances, at the rate of on* pound and one shilling for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders from one or more deputy-lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, assembled in the several subdivision meetings; which said order or orders shall be, to the said receiver or receivers-general of the land tax, a sufficient discharge for the payment of such allowances, and be allowed in his or their account.

tains.

Clerk to retain money in his hands for his own salary.

During the time the troops are

vice, and receive pay as the King's other forces, all pay and allowance from the re-

ft eceivers-general to pay

of the subdivision meetings, upon produc* ing orders from the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants; which order to be a discharge to re-ceivers-jgepc-ral.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 40. i6j

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the clerk of Regimental

receiver or receivers-general of the land tax of the county, ri- toSfV. dingt or place, to which such regiment or battalion shall belong, by a bond to his Majesty in the penalty of one half of the sum accounting for required for the whole year’s charge of the regiment or battali- the mooies on of militia to which such clerk shall belong, for duly answer- by

ing and paying such sums as he shall, from time to time, have t,era| received, and for duly accounting for the fame, and for performance of the trust hereby in him reposed; which said bonds shall the bonds to be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers*general of h« lodged with the land tax for the respective county, riding, or place, who, in generalEland* calc the said regimental or battalion clerk shall not duly perform put in hm by the conditions comprised in the said bond, shall, and is hereby themonnon-tequired forthwith to put the said bond in suit, "in the name of Performance his Majesty, his heirs and successors; the full costs and charges of condl* which suit, in case judgement shall be given against such regi- and they are mental or battalion clerk, shall be paid by him to the said intitled there, receiver or receivers*general of the land tax, who shall likewise upon to full be intitled to, and receive to his or their own use, at the cost%>a^ rate of five pounds per centum out of all such monies as shall be cll*rs?s 5 by him or thetrt recovered thereon; and shall account for ?ent.50Vthe fefidue thereof with the proper auditor of his Majesty's reve- money reco-nue; the said receiver or reccivers-general of the land tax charg- vered j the re Ing himself or themselves therewith, upon the next account of fiduc to the land tax to be by him or them passed.

XII. And be it enacted, That the clerk of every regiment xhereeimen-or battalion of militia, and (he captain of every independant t»i and batta-company of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within lion clerks and the part of Great Britain aforesaid shall, between the twenty- captains of in-fifth day of March, and the twenty-fourth day of, one companies thousand seven hundred and eighty* three, deliver to life receiver are deliver or receivers-general of the land tax of the county, riding, or in accounts of place, to which such regiment, battalion, or independant company shall belong, a fair account, in writing, of all monies by him received and disbursed for the service of the proceeding year, in pursuance of this present act, with proper vouchers for the fame; and shall pay back to the said receiver or receivers* general of the land tax any surplus of such monies that shall then be in his hands; which said accounts, signed by such regimental or battalion clerk, or by such captain of an independant company respectively, shall he transmitted, by the said receiver or receivers-general of the land tax, into the office of the proper auditor of his Majesty's revenue.

Alii. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties, Costs, &c. tU costs and charges at suit, and all Turns of money for which where to be any person or persons is or are by this act made answerable, recovered, may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at JVtftminJisr, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or informa-

tion, wherein no eflfoin, wager at law, or protection, or more than one imparlance* shall be allowed.

T*

C

268 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 40. J*

No fee pay

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee or able for any gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of warrant or any warrant or sum of money which shall be issued in relatkm

HTued inour- to’ or in Pursuance of this '

fuance of this

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any perfdjn aft. being on half-pay, or being intitled to any allowance, as having

Officers on served in any or either of the two troops of horse guards, or re-

half-pay serv- gjment of horse reduced, and serving in the militia, shall and r^ may, and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the fubfr ceive the rub- stence-money by this act directed to be paid to captains, lieute-fistence* nants, or ensigns; and the receiving and taking such subsistence-inoney pay- money by any such captain, lieutenant, or ensign, shall not be tainst Heute" deemed a receiving or taking pay, so as in any manner to prevent nants, or cn- such person on half-pay, or being intitled to any such allow-sign*, ance, from receiving his half-pay, or such allowance; and they taking such person shall take the following oath before some justice

the following Gf peace who is hereby impowered to adminster the oath before a r

jURice. fame'

The oath# T A.B. do swear9 That I hod, between the

X any place or employment of

or military9 under his Majesty, my allowance of half-pay as a

reduced in late regiment

of [or allowance as

in late troop of horse, or

regiment of horse ,] Jave toy

subsistence as a captain, lieutenant, or ensign9 [as the case may be,] for serving in the militia of the county of

And the taking the said oath shall be sufficient to intitle such person to receive his half-pay, of the said allowance* without taking any other oath; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. j.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

general, upon That the receiver-general of the land tax, so soon as he shall receiving a receive a warrant under the hand of the colonel or command-warrant from ing officer of their respective regiments or battalions, certifying ineCo°fficerand* rece‘P* of cloathing for the serjeants and drummers, and certifying the an order from the said colonel or commanding officer for the receipt of the money due on account of the fame, payable to the person or cloathing, and persons who furnished the said cloathing, shall pay the sum men-3a°ment^sto t\oned *n such order to the person intitled to receive the same; pay The fame an^ such warrant and order, together with the receipt of the accordingly, person receiving the said money, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver-general.

If any regi-

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, mcnj See. That in case any regiment, battalion, or independant Company, shall ceale, is. shall cease and determine, during the continuance of this act, per diem is to the sum of three shillings per diem shall be paid to such person

at

1jSi.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 41 - 43. zf.j

as has actually served as adjutant to such regiment, battalion, or be paM to the independant company, from the time such regiment, battalion, adjutant from or independant company, shall cease, to the twenty-fifth day of t^ne to Marcby one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four. *5’

CAP. XLI.

An act for impowering persons navigating vessels upon the river Trent, between a place called Wilden Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, and the town of Barton upon Trent, in the county of Stafford, to hale the fame with horses.

Recital of vo Sr n Gul. 3. c. 10. Henry lord Paget impowered to make and keep in repair towing paths for hortes: for confining towing paths

to one side of the river. Four plans and books of reference to be signed by the speaker of the house of commons, one to be kept by the deputy Reward of the borough of Burton, and the clerks of the peace of the counties of Derby. Leicester and Stafford, to keep each one. to be evidence at law. No deviation to be made in the towing path. If any alteration in the banka, so as to vary from the plan, commissioners may alter the boundaries. Fords not to be made deeper than 18 inches in the driest seasons between Burton upon Trent, and Wilden Ferry. But may be made conformable to those in the river Trent between Wilden Ferry and Gainsborough. Power to take a tonnage for vessels: viz. For any goods (Htne excepted) carried from above Wilden Ferry to the town of Burton, (betides the tolls already established by the former act) not more than sd. per ton. No toll to be taken for vessels passing between Wilden Ferry and Cattle Donnington; nor for gravel, dung, foil, marl, or lime for improvement of land between Wilden Ferry and Burton upon Trent. 80 much of 10 & 11 Gul. 3. c. so. as restrains persons from making warfs^ fee* between Wilden Ferry and Nottingham Bridges, repealed.

CAP. XLII.

An act for better paving, deanfing, and lighting, the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, within the liberty of Westminster, apd certain places adjoining thereto $ and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

* Geo. j.c. si. 3 Geo. 3. c. S3. 4 Geo. 3. c. 39. 5 Geo. 3. c. 59. 6Geq^, 3. c. 54. 11 Geo. 3. c. ss. so far as they relate to Covent Garden parish, '* repealed j and the power given to commissioners by the former acts vetted

in a committee of the inhabitants of the paiith. --- See fee. 47. p. 8»6.

Rates 6d. per pound for houses3 and for ground, &c. 6d. per square yard, per annum.

CAP. XLII I,

An act for better paring, deanfing, and lighting, the parish of (faint Anne, and such part of Cock Lane as lies in the parish of Saint Marthr v in the fields, within the liberty of Westminster 3 and for removing afiR preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

s Geo. 3. c. si. 3 Geo. 3. c. S3. 4 Geo. 3. c. 39. 5 Geo. 3. c. 50. 6 Geo.

3. c. 54.11 Geo. 3. c. ss. repealed and made void so far as they relate to Saint Anne’s parish; and the power given by the fonmr acts to commiP’ fionersvefled in trustees and a committee of the inhabitants of the parish.—

See tec. 55. p. 89s. Committee men to take an oath of qualification. Meetings of trustees and committee. Trustees and committee to pay their

T 3 own

Anno vicesimo Jtertio Georg j$ 11 c. 43, [1783.

own expences. No a# valid unless done at a meeting. All a$s of the trustees and committee may be done by the major part of them respectively. Trustee* may appoint a clerk, and allow him a salary. Committee may appoint officers, and dull take security from them* No officer to take any fee other than allowed by committee; or be interested in aay contract. Salaries of the clerk, inspe#or, and collector, limited, officers to account with the committee upon oath half-yearly, for all matters committed to their charge, and all money received and disbursed. Collector to produce an account of the arrears of rates. Copies of such accounts, signed by three of the committee, or by their clerk, dull be transmitted to the trustees Col’e#or neglecting to deliver his account, or mt his balance, to forfeit to), and committee may fairing an action against him for such forfeiture, Sec. or the fame may be recovered before two justices. Oo failure of distress, offender to be committed. Commitment of offender* not to discharge their sureties. Committee may employ workmen, kc, w here the expence of the work shall not exceed 40 s. and coatnft ibr paving, cleanung, and lighting. Particulars to be specified in the contrails, which are to be entered in a book. Thirty days notice previous to entering into contracts. No contract to be made but between Feb. 1. and June 1. The level of the streets not to be altered, or inferior materials Used, without consent of {tdjetning psrishes. No alteration to be made so as to render the streets worie lighted. Proposals for cleaning to specify what will be allowed for cinders, Sec. Persons willing to contract may in-spe# former proposals. Contracts already made to be valid. Committee to cau'e the works to be examined; and if not done agreeable tp |he contract!, may bring a#ions against the contractors. Committee may compound with contractors for the penalties incurred on nonperformance of contracts. Committre annually to print and distrihute extra#! of contracts and penalties, See.Househ older making complaint of defective pavement, surveyor to view it, and if descctive, to give notice to contractor to amend it. Penalty on contractor for neglect. On nonperformance of contracts for cleansing or lighting, penalty to be recovered. Authorising the committee to bold special meetings for considering the matter of complaint made by an householder. On contract* not being performed, committee may cause the work to be done by other persons, and dedu# the expence from the money due to the contractor. New streets to be first paved at the expence of the owjpers, who are to compound with the committee for paving thereof. Properly of pavements, lamp-irons, materials. See,veiled in committee. Committee may hire ground for dc-pofiting materials. Committee may bring a#ions, ftc. against persons taking away materials. Penalty on damaging materials, or taking down lamps, See.Names of streets to be. wrote at or near the entrance, and

houses and lamp-irons to be humbered. Penalty on defacing, Sec. focll inscription. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps. Persons carelefrly or Iccidently breaking lamps, to make good the damage. Committee to make rates, for repairing cleansing, and lighting, not exceeding is. jd. id the pound in any square, and is. in streets, and other places. Additional rates for paying the money owing and the interest, not exceeding 1 s. 6d. hi the pound in the optional streets, and 6 d. in the other parts of the parish. Houses hereafter to be built, to be a Hefted as others. Total amount of rates not to exceed that of former years. Empty houses to pay one half rate, which may be recovered from tenants, who may dedu# it out of their rent. Church and church-yard, and other publick buildings, to be rated according to the number of square yards of paving belonging the re*' to If Committee neglect to make the additional rates, trustees may do it t hnd if they oiptt to make the other rates, the inhabitants may do it. Commencement of rates. Rates of houses let in separate apartments, and ready-turnifhrd, to be paid by the tenant, who may dedu# the fame out of his rent. Rates of houses let to ambassadors to be paid by the landlords, Poor rates may be inspe#ed by an order of three committee men, and copies, Scc. taken. Power to recover the rates by distress. Rates may be recovered by action at law. Persons quiting houses or premises before payment of the rates, and persons catering in focli houses or premiles, to

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43.'

be subject to the payment thereof for the times of their occupying the fame. Nothing in this act to affect agreements between landlords and tenants. Persons aggrieved by the rates may appeal to the committee, and the quarter sessions. Collector to pay the money into the bank, or to a banker. Banker to pay money drawn upon him by the trustees and committee. Penalty on collector keeping 501, in his hands longer than two days. Commimoners to account with the trustees, relative to optional streets; and with the committee, relative to the other parts of the parish, and transfer to them the money in the bank. Present committee to account with the committee to ^e appointed under this act. Arrears may be levied. Trustees to apply additional rate to pay interest and debt. Committee to apply other rates for repairing, cleansing, and lighting, and removing nuisances, Sec.Surplus to be applied towards discharging debt; or for new paving. Separate accounts to be kept of rates to be raised within the optional streets, for paying the principal and interest due on such streets. Creditors to be paid by ballot. Trustees may pay Aims under 1001. Notice to be given to the persons whose bonds are to be paid off. New Securities for 1001. each may be given, instead of present lecu-rities for a larger sum. Power to borrow money to discharge certain debt* due upon some of the optional streets, and not secured upon the rates. Rates may be alligned. Form of alignment. Alignments may be transferted. Forpi ct transfer. Transfers to be entered. Power to borrow money at lower interest, to discharge securitiesat a higher. Power to lay a rate not exceeding ad. in the pound for new paving any street. For paying a proportion of the expences of the commission, till March 15, 1784. and then to cease. Signs to be placed Hat on fronts of houses. Water to be conveyed from houses in pipes. Palisadoes broke or defective to be repaired, Sec.Posts in King Square court not to be taken

away.' Penalty on placing annoyances or onftruftions in the streets. If penalties are not paid, offender to be committed. No hoards to be erect* ed, without licence from the surveyor or inspector to the committee. Penalty on running wheels, &c, or driving carriages, horses. See, on foot eminent. Dirt not to be swept into common fewer, or within a certain uiftance of any grate or channel. No person other than the scavenger, to carry away dust, Sec. Penalty. [Owners of cinders, dust, &c. may carry away the fame for their own use. No night foil to bie taken away before is at night, or after five in the morning in winter, or four in summer, or to be put or cast in any part of the parish, or within a certain distance thereof. Scavengers duty. Penalty on neglect. Inhabitants exempted from office of scavenger and surveyor of highways, from hanging out lights, and return of annoyance jury, on account of defective pavements, Scc. Hackney coaches not to stand before the church during divine service on Sundays, Christmas-day, and Good Friday. Paviours to water companies to transmit their names, places of abode, and walk, to the committe. Directions for repairing defective water pipes.- Penalty on parlour's neglect. If no regular paviour, notice to be transmitted to the derk to water Companies. Committee to be reimbursed expences of relaying pavement broken for repairing water-pipes. Lift of streets to be traomntted to water companies. Water company not to be subject to pay

Stie expence of paving, or repairing the pavement, unless the account be elivered within a limited time. Committee to state in their account to the water company, the charge of such relaying or repairing the quantity of pavement, &c. Treasurer or clerk to the water companies may inspect the accounts and proceedings of the committee relative to paving. Surveyor or inspector to verity his acccount with any water company upon oath, if required. The provisions of the act extended to such part of Code L*n$ as lies in Saint Martin's parish, until the debt due on that fteeet be paid off. Proceedings of trustees and committee to be recorded, and to be settled annually; and examined at a vestry meeting, and may be inspected. Not to extend to such part of Oxford Street as is in the parish of St. Anne, or to such part of Prince’s Street as is in the parish, until the whole debt be paid off. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Inhabitants may give evidence. How justites T 4. to

37» Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c-44.4 [*7®3»

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

to proceed for convjdion of offenders. Form of conviction. AS ions m*y be brought in the name of one of the trustees, or committee, or tb*ir clerk and upon obtain}ng vcrdiSs, they have power to recover costs. No a&tofi to abate on death or removal of clerk'. No effotn, See. to be allowed in actions. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions, on giving eight days notice. Rates and proceedings not to be quashed for want ot form, or to be removed by certiorari. Plaintiff shall not recover after tender of sufficient amends. DiHrefs not deemed unlawful for want of form. Expences of this act how to be paid. Writings not to be subject to stamp-duties. Limitation of actions. General iffqe.

PAP. XLIV.

An act for amending, and rendering more cffeduah an act made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for building a workhouf^, and for the better relief and employment of the poor within the pariib of Saiqt James Clerkenwell, in the county of plidtflefeg.

CAP. XLV.

An act for regulating the proceedings of the court of juJUciary, circuit courts in Scotland.

to Geo.

C. 43, recited.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the twenti eth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second^ ( intituled An act for taking away and abolishing the heretable jurisdictions in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making satisfaction to the proprietors thereof; and for restoring such jurisdictions to the crown; and for making more effectual provision for the administration of justice throughout that part of the united kingdom, by the king’s courts and judges there 3 and for obliging all persons acting as procurators, writers, or agents in the law in Scotland to take the oaths; and for rendering the union of the two kingdoms more complete$) it is other things enacted,That it Jkall and may be lawful to and for any party or parties conceiving himself or themselves aggrieved by any -

lautory decreey ftntencey or judgement of any of the inferior judges therein mentioned, concerning matters criminal of whatever na~ fare or extent the fame may bey except all cases Ufbijcb infer the left of lifey or demembration, or in matters, where the subject

matter of the suit did not exceed in the sum of twelve pounds sterling, to complain and seek relief agqinft the fame by appeal to the next circuit court of the circuit wherein such inferior court JbaB lie9 to be proceeded in before the said circuit courty in the way and manner therein directed; and it is thereby enacted, Thaty from and ojtir the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eighty the circuit he re*

guUrly held twice in every year, within that part of Great Britain called bcotland; and the judges thereof shall continue by the space of six days at the kq/ly at each town or ptyce where the circuit courts shall be held for the dispatch of business: And whereas it has been fund from experience, that few appeals have, keen taken or brought

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. +5. 973

/fiat the inferior courts t$ tht circuit courtseither in matters aww/ or civil, parties conceiving themselves aggrieved by the judgements or decrees of the inferior courts, tboofing to tale their appeals by advocation or suspenjion, and to have the fame beard and luffed before the courts of justiciary and fejin the course of law

os formerly established, rather than by the summary remedy of appeal to the circuit courts,whereby one branch in these circuit

courts is greatly abridged, and thereby the continuance of the judges at each circuit town for the space of six days is become unnecessary

And whereas the judges continuing at any circuit town for a longer time than may be necessary for dtfpotching and finishing the business brought before them, is attended with many inconveniencies to the publick, and an unnecessary expence to the judges, jury, and whole members of court, as well as the sheriffs and inferior magi fir ates, who, by law, are obliged to attend the judges while they continue at the circuit towns; for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the court of justiciary, and Court ofjuf* the said court is hereby authorized and required, at the time of ticiarjr to de<< settling and appointing the spring and autumn circuits, that is J*rmi"e *10"r to say, between the first and twentieth days of March, and (irft judges shall r©r and twentieth days of August, in each year, by an act or minute mam in each to be recorded in the books of adjournal, to declare and deter- circuit town, mine how Jong the judge or judges shall continue and remain in each circuit town or place of the respective distri&s j at the expiration of which time so to be limited and declared, the justice* ayre at such town or place shall be concluded and ended, the jury, sheriffs, and other magistrates, discharged from their attendance, and the judge or judges not obliged to continue longer in such town or place; any thing in the aforesaid act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That if any trial or matter civil or cri- All trials be* mini! shall happen to be begun or entered upon, and not con- gun before eluded and determined, before elapdng of the time so to be li- the limited raited and declared for the judge or judges continuing in each * gjJ-SjJ circuit town or place, it shall nevertheless be proceeded in, and e<j#

the judge or judges, and jury, shall not be at liberty to depart or leave the said town or place till the fame is concluded and determined: and provided also. That the judge or judges of the Judges, (he-circuit courts shall continue, and the sheriffs and other officers riffs, to shall attend them, ‘by the space of three whole days at the least contmuethree at each town or place where the circuit shall be held, but thatm the jury shall be discharged from their attendance as soon as the business may admit.

III. And whereas by an act, made in the year of the Rental of *1

reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, Geo. *. c. 19.

An act for the more effectual trial and punishment of high trea-

(on, and misprision of high treason, in the highlands of 5

and

0

*74

Alteration introduced by the said act found to be beneficial.

Court of juf-tifiary, and circuit court!, may try causes for capital of-.fences in the same manner as those lor lots crimes.

Discretionary

power given to the judges.

Anno Ticesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 45.'

and for abrogating the practice of taking down the evidence in writing in certain criminal prosecutions; and for making some further regulations relating to sheriffs depute and stewarts dee putc, and their substitutes; and for other purposes therein mentioned; and reciting, That whereas the taking down and tag into writing the evidence given in criminal causes and fecations ( not extending to the le of life, or to demembration)

before the court of justiciary, and the circuit in that pan

of Great Britain called Scotland, body by experiencey been found very inconvenient, and to occasion great delay as well as j

is thereby enacted, That y from and after ihe first day July, in the

year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty eighty it shall and may be lawful for the said court of justiciary, and the said -

live circuit courts to proceed in* try, and determine, all causes and prosecutions before them for any crime or crimes not inferring the punishment of death) or demembration, whereupon the verdict of an

assize or jury is to pass9 upon examining and bearing the evidence the witness or witnesses adduced or examined in any Juck cause or -

fecution viva voce, without reducing into writing the any such witness or witnesses\ and that the down and

reducing into writing the testimony of witnesses in casesy bey and the fame is thereby abrogated and abolished: and whereas the alteration introduced in the trial of the lejffer crimes by the above aft has beenfnmd9 by experiencey to be attended with important andfalutary con fe quinces': and whereas the taking down and reducing into writing the evidence given in the trial of crimes, which may infer the of doathy

or demembration, as now practised in the court of justiciary, and circuit courtsf has been foundy by long experience, to be attended with great in* eonveniencies, by prolonging trials to such a lengthy as has been found dangerous to the health of the judgety council, and whereby the heft jurymen are often deterred from attending such service\ and those who do at tend,after being exhausted with the fatigue ef such l°nS trials, are little able to difehorgi their duty in reconsidering the whole evidence as taken down at stub length in, in order to form their verdict; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said court of judiciary; and the said respective circuit courts, to pro* ceed in, try, and.determine all causes and prosecutions before them, for any crime or crimes inferring the punishment of death* or of demembration, in the same manner as is now practised in prosecutions for lefTer crimes, by the verdict of an assize, or jury, upon examining and hearing the evidence of the wiu ness or witnesses adduced or examined in any such cause or prosecution viva voce, without reducing into writing the testimony of any such witness or witnesses.

IV. Provided always, That if in the trial of any of the crimes which may infer the punishment of death, or demembration, it shall appear to the judges more expedient to take down and reduce into writing the testimony of all, or any number of the witnesses, according to the present practice, it shall be lawful for them to proceed in that manner; any* thing in this present act to the contrary notwithstanding.

1783.] Anno o^ccfimotcftio Georgii III. c. 46. 275

V. Provided also; That in all such trials and prosecutions, Counsel, or whether the evidence be reduced into writing, or be taken from prisoner, may the witnesses viva vote, without reducing the fame into writ- ,n.ttcrr?^ale ing, the council on both fides, and the pannel, or prisoner, may W1 nc interrogate the witnesses upon all pertinent and legal questions,

and immediately before the assize or jury shall be indofed the evidence shall be summed up by the judge, or one of the judges, before whom such trial shall be had.

VI. Provided likewise, That nothing herein contained shall

alter, or be understood to alter, in any respect, the form or mode for Tigh trea-of trials before the said courts for the crimes of high treason, son, &c. or of mispriflon of treason.

VII. And whertas by an act> pajfedin the parliament of Scotland, Recital of two

in the year one thousand six hundred and seventy-two, Ad of the par*

concerning the regulation of the judicatories, among other -

tiens of the court of justiciary^ it is provided, That four of the judges

Jboll always be a quorum of that court: and, by another act of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thousand six hundred and eighty-one^ intituled, Ad appointing the quorum of the justice court in time of vacance, it is fiatuted and ordained, That in time of vacance of the session, three of the emmissioners of jufiidary shall he a fuffuientquorum: and xuhereas it has been, from experience, that the quorum appointed by the act of the parliament of Scotland first above recited, is often attended with -

mencies, as interfering with the attendance of the judges of the court of jufiidary to their duty as judges in the court of, and that the reasonfar reducing the quorum of the ofjuftitiary to

three» applies, with more propriety, to the time of the fittings of the ceutt of fiffton%than to the time of the vacation of that court; be

k therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any three Three judges of the judges of the court of judiciary, who are also judges of th®. *0urt of the court of session, shall be a sufficient quorum of the said court of judiciary, as well during the fittings of the court of rum, during session, as in the time of vacance, or recess of that court* the fittings of

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all £« court of the powers, authorities, and regulations, contained in this act, lon‘

shall take place and have continuance from and after the first day metndCcoa-of Julyjiext, for the term of three years, and from thence to tinuance of

|he end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer, this act.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for widening the north-west end of Fenchurch-ftxtet, and the iouth cud of the Old Jewry, within the city of London.

Caamon council impowered to widen the passaget, as described in the schedule annexed.

THE

Anno vicesimo tcitio Georgii III. c. 46. [1783.

THE SCHED U, L E

To which the refers.

Ground to be laid into the street at the weft end of Fenchurch street j

videlicet,

OK the weft fide thereof, fronting Gracechurch-street, from north to south, Twenty-four feet, seven inches: on the south fide thereof, fronting Fenchurch-street, from weft to east, forty-six feet: and on the nortn-east fide thereof, upon a curve line, fifty feet.

‘Ground to be laid into the Old Jewry, at the south-west dud thereof 9

videlicet,

AT the south end thereof, next the Poultry, from east to weft, sixteea feet, five inchest on the weft fide thereof, from north to fontb, ooe hundred and eight feet, five inches: at the north end thereof, from weft to east, five feet, >fotir inchef: and on the east fide thereof, next the Old Jewry, from north to south, one hundred and eight feet, five inches.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

In case of refusal to treaf. or defective title, a jury to enquire of the value. Jurors may be challenged. Court of mayor and aldermen may examine. witnesses on oath, and direct the jury to view. Jury to assess the value on oath. The court togitfe final judgement. The owners of houses. on payment of the money awarded, to convey. In case of refusal or inability to make a good title, See. the purchase money to be paid into the bank. Such verdict and proceedings to fie entered, and deemed records. On payment of the money. Sec. the pfemifes to vest in the city. In what cases and manner the court of aldermen may order the money so paid into the bank to be placed at interest. The dividends to be paid to toe persons in possession: but recoverable against them by those intitled to the mesne profits. The bank to obey the order* of the court of aldermen, and the city not to be accountable. In cases of femes-covert having a separate estate, the purchase money to be paid to whom they direct, in trust, to the former uses. The purchase money paid for premium bought of other trustees, to be re invested in other pufenafes upon the fame trusts. Bargains and Tales enrolled in pursuance of this act, to have the operation of fines and recoveries. In what cases persons claiming interest in any premiers so fold, shall be barred therefrom. Person so barred may recover the purchase money against the persons to whom paid, together with interest. Yearly tenants to surrender possession, on tender of six months rent, or twelve months notice. Mortgagees to accept their money on six months notice, or tender of six months interest. On payment of such money into the bank, the mortgagees estate to vest in the city. All the monies aforesaid to be paid to the parties, or into the bank, before the city Hull proceed to pulLdown any houses,&c. Court of aldermen impowered to set fines on the sheriffs or officers, jurors or witnesses making default. For securing the payment of tithes, charged on buildings to be taken down. Common council may dispose of what shall be more than is necessary for the purposes of this act; and may delegate their powers to s committee. What persons excluded from such committee. When the passage is enlarged, the ground to be under the care of the commissioners for paving the city. Powers to be void, if not executed withuvten years. Writings to be without stamps. DiIt refs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiffs ill all not recover after tender of sufficient amends. Order of justice, See. not liable to be quashed for want of forms no* removed by certiorari. Limitation of actions

1781.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47,-49.' *77

CAP. XLVII.

An act for altering and varying the powers of an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, for making the river Douglas alias Attand navigable, from the river Kibble to Wigan, in county palatine of LancaAer; and for enabling the company of proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an act passed in the tenth year of his present Majesty's reign, to purchase the said river navigation; for amending the said latt mentioned act; for in* corpora ting and consolidating the said two navigations and for other jporpoies.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for improving the navigation of the river Trent, from a place called Wilden Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the county of Lincoln $ and for im* powering persons navigating vessels thereon to hale the fame with Aorles.

CAP. XLIX.

Jin all for repealing an act made in the year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for charging a stamp duty

upon inland bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other notes, payable other wise than upon demand; and for granting new Jimp-duties on bills of exchange, promissory and other notes

and also Jtamp-duties on receipts.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an act, made in the last session of -

liament, intituled An act for charging a stamp duty Recital of

upon inland bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other Geo. j, notes, payable otherwise than upon demand, it was ,c. 33.

That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two there should be and

paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for every piece of vellum

or parchment, or Jheetor piece of paper, upon which any inland hill

of exchangey promissory note, or other note, payable than

upon demand, should be ingrofjed, written,or printed, where the expressed therein, or made payable thereby, should not amount to the sum of fifty pounds, a flump-duty of three; and for every piece

of vellum or parchment, or Sheet or piece of paper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, payable otherwise than upon demand, should be ingrwritten, or printed, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, should amount to the sum of fifty pounds, or upwards, a stamp duty of fix-fence: now we, your Majesty's most dutiful and hyal the purpose of

commons of Great Britain, in parliament, finding that it this act.

will

1

2yS Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49. [1785.

tw7/ h convenient, and for the publick, f* repeal the

ft amp-duties, so made payable the rented aft, and to grant

unto your Majesty the several new stamp-duties herein-aft/er

*d, as well for securing a ter tain field for payment of such annuUiet

as by the said recited act were charged upon the said stamp-duties,atto enable your Majesty to raise a certain sum of money for the of the year one thousand seven hundred and therefore

do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the rates and duties granted by an act made and passed in the last feffioit of parliament, intituled An act for charging a ft amp-duty on in-land bills of exchange, promissory, or other notes, payable other-

wife than upon demand, shall cease, determine, and be no longet paid and payable.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said commence on first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*three, Aug. s. 1783. there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the life of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties following: that is to say,

For every piece of vellum of parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any foreign or inland bill of exchange, pfo-miftbry note, or other note, draft, or ordei\ shall be ingrafted* written, or printed, where the sum expreded therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to the sum of fifty pounds* there shall be charged a stamp duty of sixpence:

For every piece of vellum or parchment, 'or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any foreign or inland bill of exchange, pro-mi flory note, or other note, draft, or order, shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, where the sum expreued therein, or mads payable thereby, shall amount to the sum of fifty pounds, or upwards, there shall be Charged a stamp duty of one shilling.

From Aug. i 1783, the receited act repealed.

Hew duties to

vis.

Bins of exchange, promisfory or other notes, drafts or orders, under 50l. to pay a iiamp-duty of 6d.

If 50l. or upwards, to pay 1 s*

From Sept. i.

III. And be it er>ailed. That, from and after the first day of *783. the fol- September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there lowing stamp- shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the paid; vis. kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, 9 his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties following;

that is to say,

Receipts for For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of al. and under paper, upon which any receipt, or other discharge given upon *o\. to pay the payment of money, amounting to two pounds, and not ad. eachi amounting to the sum of twenty pounds, shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, there shall be charged a stamp duty of twopence: a

For

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49. 279

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of For sol. and paper, upon which any receipt, or other discharge given upon upwards 4d. the payment of money, amounting to the sum of twenty eac*' pounds, and upwards, shall be ingrossed, written, or primed, there shall be charged a stamp duty of four-pence.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Exemptions in this act contained shall extend to charge any draft or order, of drafts and for the payment of money on demand, upon any banker, or orders* for person or persons a<5ling as a banker, residing, or transading the

buhness of a banker, within ten miles of the place of abode ofxmand, upon* the person or persons drawing such draft or order; or to charge bankers liv-any receipt for any money paid into the bank of, or the in£ witr'V3

house of any banker; or any receipt, or other discharge, given drawer Stc! for any money received on any dividend, payable from the publick or government funds established by parliament; or any receipt given on the back of any bill of exchange, promissory or other note, Ramped in pursuance of this act; or upon any bank note, or bank post bill; or to any letter acknowledging the safe arrival of any bills, notes, or remittances; or any receipt indorsed on, or contained in the body of v»y deed, bond, mortgage, or other obligatory instrument, already directed to be Ramped by any law now in being; or to any release or acquit* tance by deed; or to any receipt ^given by the treasurer of the navy for any money imprested to, or received by him, for the service of the navy; or to the receipt of any agent for money Exemption imprested by or to him on account of the pay of the army or receipts given ordnance; or to any receipt given by any officer, seaman, or by teamen or soldier, or their representative, for or on account of any wages, fflr pay, or pension, due to them from the navy, army, or ordnance; fiowduelrw or to any receipt given upon any navy, victualling, or ordnance the navy, bill, issued, or to be issued, before the said first day of September^ army, Sec, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Not to extend in this a & contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to to trills of «s* charge any bill of exchange, promissory or other note, draft, oar pbange,fcc. order, payable upon demand, issued in that part of Great Bri- jyexceeding tain called Scotland, where the sum exp re (Ted therein, or made ,ti. payable thereby, shall not exceed the sum of twenty-one (hill*

mgs.

VI. Provided also, and bt it further enacted, That nothing Bills of exin this suft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to change, pro-charge any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note,

draft, or order, payable upon demand, with any higher (lamp- "Jy duty than the sum of three-pence, where the sum expressed demand, to therein, or made payable (hereby, shall not amount to the sum pay only 3d. of ten pounds.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this jjot

act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any to receipts on receipt given upon the back of any foreign bill of exchange. foreign bills

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no foreign bill of ^charge.

of

a8o

No foreign bill. &c. chargeable with more

copy.

Exemption of notes, &c. issued by the bank, in consideration of m«,ooool. per.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49.

of exchange, pro mi (Tory note, or other note, draff,

shall be charged with any higher stamp duty than sixpence; but that every duplicate and triplicate of such foreign bill of ex-than ZcTeach c^anSe» promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, (haD be chargeable with the like stamp duty of sixpence*

IX. And whereas it may be proper to exempt all promissary god other notes and bills, iffited by the governor and eompany of the hook of England, from the payment of the stamp-duties by this oB

upon promissory and other no, in confutation* and upon

of a certain sum of money in lieu thereof: be it therefore enacted, That all promissory and other notes and bills, issued by the hid

governor and company of the bank of shall

empted from the stamp-duties hereby imposed upon promissory end other notes, upon payment of the annual sum of twelve thousand pounds, by the said governor and company, into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by half-yearly payments; such payments to be made on or before the tenth day of

and the fifth day of April, in every year; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And) in order to prevent, as far as may be* any evafiom of tit

Per lorn frau- aforesaid duties on receipts, be it further enacted, That the whole

dulently evad- sum for which any receipt shall be given, shall be really and sog the du- bona pde inserted in such receipt; and that all and every perte

and persons who shall give or accept any receipt or acqmtaOC%

in which a less sum shall be expressed therein than the sum actually received, with an intent fraudulently to evade tte said duties, or either of them; or shall separate or divide ttt sum actually paid or received into divers receipts, with to evade the said duties, or either of them; or shall be of, or concerned in, any fraudulent contrivance or device soever, with intent or aefign to defraud his Majesty, his hdft or successors, of any of the said duties, or either of them, ifll-posed upon receipts by this act; every such person so offending shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as beta* in-after is directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all receipts in which the sum mentioned therein shall be expressed to be in full, or as ath-tisfaction of all demands, and all general acknowledgements bf debts or demands being discharged, shall be deemed and taken to be receipts for above the sum of twenty pounds, within tin intent and meaning of this act, and shall be liable to thefowp* duty of four-pence hereby imposed.

I)otv on bills XII. And, for ascertaining by whom the said(lamp-duties &c!*to be paid before granted shall be payable* be it further enacted, That ft# by the drawer fluty hereby granted on any bill of exchange, promfOovy aot% or giver. or other note, shall be paid by the person or persons giving tin Duty on re- fame; and the duty hereby granted on any receipt, shall be salt "'P^0 he by the person or persons by whom the same shall be required* oersons re* except such receipts as shall be for money paid to any perta ouiring them, or person* in respect of any salary, pension, debt, or other t at. payshin

to forfeit sol.

Receipts in full to pay *d

28t

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49. payable from his Majesty to such person or persons, in which c^fe the duty on such receipt shall be paid by the person or per-fions giving (he fame.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, for the belter and Management more effectually levying and collecting the said duties herein- of the duties

before granted, the same shall be under the care and manage- {Je directSon ment of the commissioners for the time being appointed to ma- Qf the com-nage the duties charged on tamped vellum, parchment, and missioners of -paper 5 for which purpose they, or the major part of them, are stan*P,» hereby required and impowered to employ the necessary officers under them, and to use and provide such tamps for the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other.things necessary to be done for putting this act into execution with relation to the said duties, in the like, and in as 6)11 and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

XIV. And) for the better securing the said hereby

imposed, be it further enacted, That all vellum, parch ment,«and All vellum, paper, upon which any such bill of exchange, promissory note, paptr, to or other note, draft, or order, receipt, or other discharge, given be damped for the payment of money, shall be ingrossed or written, shall, promiSr before the same shall be ingrossed or written, be brought to the note. shall bead office for stamping and marking of vellum, parchment, be written pud paper; and the said commissioners, by themselves or their hereon, oncers, shall, from time to time, (lamp or mark, as this act

directs, any quantities of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon payment of the said duties: and if any such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, receipt, or other discharge given for the payment of money, so hereby directed to be stamped, shall not be marked or stamped as by this act is directed, or shall be marked or stamped for a lower duty than as aforesaid, no such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, receipt, or other discharge, shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good or available in law or equity. Unftawined

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all receiptsun-unstamped receipts, in which any sum of money, not amount- der *1. may yig to two pounds, shall be expressed, and which shall (by the be given in insertion of the words. In full of all Demands Or otherwise) be not asCac-bUt given as a general acknowledgement of all debts or demands knowledge-being discharged, may be pleaded or given in evidence, and mentsofall may be available in law for such sum so expressed, but not as demands be-a general acknowledgement of all debts or demands being dif- jjp discharg-

xfri. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all re- Si oi?rv-oeipts, imprefied whh a stamp of two-pence, in which any sum ceiptsfor *1. of money, amounting to two pounds, and not amounting to and under »©1. the sum of twenty pounds, shall be expressed, and which shall may b* gwen (by the insertion of the words. In full of all Demands* or other- so^the^jm* vyife) be given as a general acknowledgement of all dibts or de- exported

Vol. JfXXIV, U mands

282 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49.

[178}*

mands being discharged, may be pleaded or given in evidence*

and may be available in law for such sum so expressed, but not as a general acknowledgement of all debts or demands being discharged.

XVII. And whereat a great number of, for the value of three-pence, may, under the said recited of the session of -

liament, have been already provid d and impressed upon Jheets or piece* of papers intended for bills of, and other m}ny which said bills of exchange, and may have been printed from copper plates provided for that: and whereas it might be

very great inconvenience and lofto, tradesmen, and other Si to have such stamps cancelled, and to provide others of the -

Bills, Scc/ tionrequired by this at7; be it therefore further eoaded, That it

marked al- shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his ready with Majesty's stamp-duties, where bills of exchange, or promiflbiy fta^pTSl or other notes, shall by this act require a stamp of fixp^nco have another only, to mark an additional stamp of (hree-pence to the Ihmp added thereto, of three-pence already impressed on the fame, under the said recited act of the last leflion of parliament; 2nd such bill of exchange, promissory and other note, so damped with the tw6 several (lamps of three-pence and three-pence, shall be considered as good and valid as if the fame had been stamped or marked with one stamp of sixpence, as herein-before directed, and shall have the fame force and effect in law or equity, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ufml allow-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the fame allowance ance on shall be made on present payment of the several duties granted prompt pay- bythiyad, only in such manner as by any former law relat-0 u* ing to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, is directed and allowed.

Stamps may

XIX. And be it further enacted, That such (lamps as the be altered and said commissioners are hereby directed and authorized to pro-renewed. vide and ufc, shall and may be altered and renewed ill such manner as any other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed.

Any person

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall counterfeiting counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, oi-Vtterinff any or mar^ directed or allowed to be used by this act,

such counter- for the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted, with feits, shall an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of lutferdeath as any of the said duties; or shall fraudulently use any (lamp or a teion. mark directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to sale, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to the said duties, with any coun- terfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit; then every such person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, (haffbe adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49. 283

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provi- Duties grant-fions, articles, clauses, distributions of penalties and forfeitures, levied^ and all other matters and things preferred or appointed by any &c as former act or acts of parliament, relating to the stamp-duties under former On vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be of full force and fta^p-acts. effect with relation to the duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution, for the raising, levying, cohering, and securing the said new duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had fever rally and respectively been hereby enacted vfrith relation to the said new duties hereby imposed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penal- Application ties hereby imposed shall go and be paid, the'one moiety thereof of penalties, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the fame, in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, for offences committed in ,. or

Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's court of session, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, in, by action of

debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance,

shall be allowed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several rates Duties to be and duties herein-before granted, shall be paid, from time to paid toreceiv. time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being ft^en^ies of the duties of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who amp shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several duties, imposed by th:s ad, and pay such duties (the necessary charges of railing, paying, and accoundng for the fame, being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted,. That there shall be pro- A separate vided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt account,thereof exchequer, a book or books in which all the monies arising 5 ^he auditor from the said several duties imposed by this act, and paid into of theexche-the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart quer. from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs

and successors, upon any account whatsoever.

XXV. And whereat the rates and duties upon inland bills of -

change, promissory notes, or other notes, payable than upon

demand, wert\ together with certain othe duties > made a fund for

upaymtniof the annuities established by on act made in the last fejfun if parliament-,( intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery;) and it is Jiberefore nccejjbry that pari of the rates and duties by this act granted shall be applied towards payment of the said, lieu

if the said cates and duties; be it therefore enacted by the aqtho-

rity aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of, one U 2 thousand

284

Application of the duties.

Persons sued for executing this act, may plead the general issue,.

and shall be entitled to treble costs.

nQeo.j.c.Si

recited,

and repealed.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. [1783.

thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the yearly sum of fifty thousand pounds, being the futn which the said rates and duties,were intended to raise, shall be reserved and set apart, at the said receipt of the exchequer; and that out of the monies which shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, of the duties hereby repealed, and out of the duties granted by this act, a proportional part of the sum of twelve thousand five hundred pounds shall, from the first day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to the tenth day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and the sum of twelve thousand five hundred pounas, from and after the said tenth day of Oflobety one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

three, shall be set apart and applied quarterly to the same uses and purposes as the duties hereby repealed were applicable; and that the residue of the produce of the said rates and duties, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several and respective annuities, and all such other charges and expences, as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (intituled An act so sum of monoy by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.)

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person and persons shall and may pjead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendantsy or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall, become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. L.

An act for the better regulation of the office of the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces and the more regular payment of the army; and to repeal an act made in the last session of

An act for the better regulation of the oftide of paymafWf general of his Majesty's forces.

WHEREAS by an aR> passed in the twenty second year of his Majesty's reignt intituled An act for the better regulation of the office of pay matter general of his Majesty's forces, several provisions were made relative to the payment and clearing of the army, which have been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted by the King’s mott excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a (Tern bled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And whereas it appears, by the reports made by the

fyners

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50; 285

sioners appointed to examine, takey and flatethe publick actounMf the

kingdom^that the paymasters of thefortes have heretofore been Jo accumulate large fume of publick money in their hands beyond what was necessary for tarrying on the ftrvites in their, and

to take and carry out of office with them, upon their resignation or removal, large balances of publick money, which they have retained

and kept in iheir bands many years after being out of office: and whereas it is highly expedient that a remedy should be provided for these inconvenienciet:be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the passing of this act, the pay- Direction* to mader general of his Majesty's forces for the time being, in all the paymaster memorials to be by him presented to the treasury, for money rc,ativ5 to h« for army services, shall pray, that such sum as he requires may JJe^reafiiy0 be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England for money for on his account, specifying in every such memorial the sum he army fer-requires, and for what particular service or services j and the V1CW» commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, by their letter from time to time, shall direct the auditor of the exchequer to issue to the governor and company of the bank of

England, on account of the pay mailer general of his Majesty's forces, naming such paymaster general for the time being, the sum for which such letter shall be drawn upon the unsatisfied order at the exchequer, in favour of the said paymaster general, for which, the receipt of the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company shall be a sufficient discharge; and all sums Such monies for which such letters of the commissioners of his Majesty's to be issued to treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued to the governor and rl?c 3,14 company of the bank of England, in like manner as they have Jicount ofhC been heretofore issued to the paymaster general of his Majesty's the paymaster forcesj and all such monies so to be issued to the governor and general, company of the bank of England shall be placed to an account to be raised in the books of the governor and company of the said bank of England, and to be intituled, The Account of the Paymaflir General of his Majesty's Forces, inserting the name of such paymaster general for the time being.

III. And be it encted, That no fees whatsoever shall be paid Only custom-at the exchequer or treasury for or by reason of the transactions ary fees to be aforesaid, beyond the amount x>f what hath been usually paid

upon imprefts and accounts hitherto made, according to the ^afu?y.Cr^ former custom of transacting business between the exchequer, pay-office, and bank severally.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the passing of this act, no money for the Moqey for service of the army shall be issued from his Majesty's exchequer *rfny services to the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces, or shall be ,ffued ,rom placed* or directed to be placed, in his hands or poffijffion 5 to^pald^n! but the same shall be issued, and directed to be paid, to the go- to the bank. vefrior and company of the bank oi England, and to be placed

to the account above mentioned.

- V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Paymaster, or the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces for the time being, deputy, to p U 3 bydra*

296

baftk for all army services.

Bsnk not to pay said money, unless for army services, and in pursuance of proper drafts.

Pay mailer, in his first memorial to the treasury every month, shall insert the balance of publick money in the bank, on his account, &c.

On the death or lemoval of a pay mailer, ttie balance in the bank" to v<dt in his fuaeiTor.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. [1783.

by himself, or his deputy, or the person or persons in his office duly authorized by the said paymaster general, from and after (he passing of this act, shall draw Upon the governor and company of the bank of England, for all army services whatever, and shall specify in each and every draft the particular service for which the fame is drawn: and no draft of the said paymaster, or his deputy, or the person or persons authorized as aforesaid, shall be deemed a sufficient voucher to the said governor and company of the bank of unless the fame

specifics the service for which it is drawn, and has been actually paid by the said governor and company of the bank of England.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the monies so to beifliied to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces, shall not be paid out of the bank, unless for the army services, and in pursuance of drafts, or cheque paper, to be drawn on the governor and company of the bank of England, and signed by the paymaster general of his Majesty's

forces for the time being, or his deputy, or the person or persons authorized as aforesaid; in which drafts shall be specified the heads of service to which the sums therein mentioned are to be applied; and which drafts, so drawn, shall be sufficient authority to the bank to pay such money to the persons mentioned in such drafts, or to the bearer of them.

VII. Andy that the commijfmers of his Majestfs treasury have afrequent knowledge of the balance of cash in the bands of tie

governor and company of the bank o England, on account of the

wafer general of his Majestfs for, order to enable them to

judge of the propriety and necessity of further ijfuesy and to prevent the unnecessary accumulation of publick money in the hands of the governor and company of the bank of England; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, in the first memorial presented every month, or oftener if required, to the commissioners of, his Majesty's treasury, by the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces for the time be‘ng, for a supply of money for the army services, such paymaster shall insert, in the body of such memorial, the sum total of the balance of publick money, bn his account, in the hands of the governor anb company of the bank of Engla, together with an account of all the claims, outstanding drafts, and other demands, with which such balance is chargeable, and is to be applied.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the death, resignation, or removal, of the present, and of every other paymaster of his Majesty's forces hereafter to be appointed, the balance of cash for which he shall at that time have credit, on his account as paymaster general, with the governor and company of the bank of shall, as soon

as a successor shall be appointed to the said office, a<5lually veil in such succestbr, in trust for the service of the army, and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the account

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. 287

of fitch successor payipafter general of his Majesty's forces, to h$ applied to the said service, in pursuance of the like drafts as aforesaid. And the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces Paymaster to for the time being shall, and he is hereby dircded and required, issue his drafts to form his memorials and requisitions to the treasury, and to for all charScs issue his drafts as aforesaid, for all charges and demands, on amy^rvicel taccount of the army services, which are due and remain unfa- from April 10, tisfied from the tenth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred 1781s and eighty-two, although the fame have accrued in the time of aAy former paymaster general; and also within twelve months and, after a after the accounts, enabling the said paymaster general to com- time fbecified, plete the herein after mentioned accounts, shall be received, to to ra je UP make up, or cause to be made up, an annual account of the count* ordinary and extraordinary services of the army, intituled, ordinary and Account of the Paymaster General of his Majestfs Forces^ to be extraordinary signed and attested by every paymaster general, who shall have servic€$ of paid or disch.arged any part of the said account; the first ac- to

count to commence on the tenth day of, one thousand the auditor of seven hundred and eighty-two, and to end the twenty-fourth the imprest. day of December following; and every succeeding account to begin on the twenty-fifth day of Deumbtry and to end on the twenty-fourth day of December following, in the last and every fticceeding year, and to transmit the fame, together with proper Vouchers, to the auditor or auditors of the imprest, who shall, and they are hereby directed and required, within six months after the receipt thereof, to examine, or cause to be examined, the said annual accounts, and, if found satisfactory, to prefem, or cause to he prefemed, the same to the proper officer or officers, for declaration; and when the fame is declared, a quietus qt acquittance, in the usual form, shall be made out to the figd paymaster or paymasters general, his or their heirs, executors, apd adrainistrators.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the passing of this act, the paymaster Paymaster to general of his Majesty's forces for the time being shall keep the beep an ac-account vyi< h the bank of all monies, issued to or directed to be count ^th the paid to him for the service of the army: and the said paymaster ban general, observing the rules and regulations hereby prescribed,

shall not be answerable for any money which he shall not actually receive; and the governor and company of the bank of England shall be answerable for all the monies which shall be actually received by them for the service of the array.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

'Fhat if any person or persons shall, from and after the passing Any oerson of this act, knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause who shall otjprocure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wih- *-fyUy ad qr affill in the forging or counterfeiting, the name or paymaster^rc. hand:of the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces for the to obtain* time being, or of his deputy, to any draft, cheque paper, in- money from Arument, or writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiv- fh2^5k iag or obtaining any of the money in the hands or cqftodyof l^eioBea a


288 Anno vi

the governor and company of the bank of England, on afcrmwt* of the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces; or ffiallfoigipt* or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeit ed, or knowingly and wH&rlly act' or assist in the forging counterfeiting, any draft, cheque paper, instrutrtent, or writ- ing, in form of a draft made by such paymaster general of his Majesty's forces, or his deputy; or shall utter or publish any;*9 such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an; intention to defraud any person whatsoever; every such person' and persons so offending (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be, guilty of felony, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Books of ae- XT. And be it enacted, That all books of accounts what-

count in the soever kept in the office of paymafer general, shall be held to o^cTftaU be ^on6 to t*ie kid office, and shall not be at the disposal of the held to belong paymaster general, to take and dispose of the same as his pri-to the fame, vate and proper books of account: provided that nothing herein shall extend to prevent any person or persons who hath or have exercised the office of paymaster general, or his or their executors of administrators, by hirafelf or themselves, or by any person or persons authorized by him or them, from taking copies or extracts thereof, until an acquittance in the exchequer shall be made out for every several paymaster, his heirs, executors, and administrators.

XII. And whereat it appears, from the reports of the commissioners for examining, taking, and the publick accounts of the kingdom, that the fabrics, and, received by feve-

ral of the officers, clerks, and, employed in the office of majUr general of his Majesty's forces, have, of late years, amounted to sums beyond a reasonable and adequate compensation for their

speflive services; be it therefore enacted by the authority afore-FromDec. 15, said, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of December no fce* next, no fee, perquisite, emolument, or reward whatsoever tftchC’tvmaftin (ot^cr ^an anc* the Salaries and allowances herein after

er* office*for mentioned) shall be taken in the said office for any business* hufinds done matter, or thing, to be done therein; and in lieu thereof, the therein; officers, clerks, and servants, in the said office, shall receive annual salaries, payable quarterly, without deduction, together with such further augmentations (the said augmentations to be made no oftener than once in the year) as the increase of bufi- ness in the said office from time to time shall require; the said salaries and augmentations to be regulated by the paymaster general, by and with the concurrence of the lords commissioners of the treasury, and his Majesty's approbation had thereon, and not otherwise; and a list of the said officers, clerks, and servants, together with an account of the salaries paid, and augmentations made to them from'time to time, -shall be entered -in a book, intituled. The Salary Book, and deposited in the office 1 of the said paymaster general, and copies thereof lodged in the

treaftiry and bank of England; and if any person belonging to,

of

10 tertio Georgii III. c. 50. .{$7

r

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50.' ' 289

or whfr&all hereafter belong to, the said office, shall take or on penalty Accept any tee, perquisite, emolument, or reward, (other than ^nd bS^in and except the salaries and alldwances above-mentioned) he cap.idtatfd0* shall be dismissed from his office or employment, and be ren- for three dered incapable of serving his Majesty in any employment what- years, ever for the space of three years.

«II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Fees paid, and all fees paid at the office of the pay matter general, since the to be paid, tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

two, and which shall be paid at the said office on or before the *785, boi twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and tobedisposed eighty-three, shall be deposited in the hands of the cashier of t>f. the said office, or others authorized by the said paymaster general, in order to form a fund, from which a reasonable augmentation to the salaries and appointments of the several officers, clerks, and servants, shall be made, for their services during the aforesaid period; the said augmentation to be regulated by the said paymaster general, by and with the concurrence of the commissioners of the treasury, and his Majesty's approbation obtained thereon, and not otherwise; and the remainder shall be paid to the treasurer or vice treasurer of Chelsea, ’

to be applied to the fund for an augmentation to the half-pay of officers, and others provided for by this act.

XIV. And whereas the agents of the, troops,

and companies, of his Majesty's army, have been to flop

two days pay out of the arrears or clearings due to every commissioned officer, avowedly for the purpose of discharging fees of; and whertas such Jloppage not seeming to be warranted either from under the King’s fgn manual, or from any other authority whatsoever; be

it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the From Dec. *5, twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and 17*31 agents eighty-three, no such ttoppage as aforesaid shall be made; and not ma,tc if any agent shall, after the said twenty-fifth day of, foi^dif&arc-

one thousand seven hundred and eighty three, presume to flop jog fees or the said two days pay as heretofore, or any part thereof, such office, agent so offending shall be dismissed from his agency, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in that capacity for the space of three years.

XV. And whereas a considerable annual sum of money is or may be

fived from the allowance for clothing of certain invalid and independent companies, a large part of which saving or may be rendered

permanent 5 be it hereby enacted, That all sums saved from the Savings in the

wards a fund for an augmentation to the half-pay of officers plied, who have been or shall be maimed or grievously wounded in his Majesty is land service, or as an augmentation to the pen-ficns'of widows, or as pensions to the children of such officers as have been killed in the said land service, as his Majesty shall direct and appoint 5 provided that no addition to half-pay, in " v consequence

Not to take away the power of the paymaster of removing of-

ago Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50.

consequence of maims or wounds, or pensions to widows t husbands have, or shall have been killed in his vice, shall exceed twenty-five pounds a year; nor (hpH ‘ lowance to a single child of an officer killed exceed pounds a year, nor be continued longer (if a male} twenty-five years of age, or until he be provided for in hio 2&* jesty’s service; or, if more children are left, the (h$re 6t dfk child shall not exceed twelve pounds a year, to be continqo^B the males as aforesaid, and no otherwise.

Notto deprive

XVI. Provided always, and be denuded by the authority the paymaster aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall be conftcocd of the usual to deprive the pay matter general of the usual allowances fiat

WmfelfCand ^imfelf, or for contingencies, nor to prevent him from admi-forcontingen- niftering or applying the said contingencies according to the cie*. usual course of office.

XVII. Provided always, and be it pna&ed, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or bp construed to extend, to take away, dimirtjlh, or alter, the power of the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces to appoint, remove, or change, at ficere* employ- his pleasure, all or any of the officers and clerks employed in ed in his ot- his said office; or, with the consent and approbation of the (ice, See. commissioners of the treasury, or any three of them, signified

, in writing, to increase the number of such clerks, in case the

circumstances of the business of the said office should render such an increase necessary j which said additional officers aiu} clerks shall, upon their respective appointments, become inr titled to the like salaries as are herein-before directed to be paid to the officers and clerks in a similar rank and station in the said office, and shall be fujbje<5) to all the rules, regulations, prtfc» visions, pains, and penalties, to which the officers and clerks now existing in the said office are made by this act.

XVIII. And whereas it, by the report made by the cm* missioners appointed to examine, take> anfl, the publick accounts

of the kingdom, that making the payment of the army more ftmple, expeditious, and intelligible^ would be of great publick utility: and whereas it is proper that regulations be made for that purptfi

All estimates, be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth day of

debentures, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-thrie, all edimates, der outwmTll ^entures> charing warrants, and all warrants and accounts, of from Dec?25. V'batsoever nature they may be, belonging to the army, whether for the space of one or more years, (any part or parts of a year, as the service may require, excepted,) shall be made out from the twenty-fifth day of, in every year* any other

!statute or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And whereas the the establishments under their fi-

veral heads of service^ would greatly facilitate the aforesaid

be it enacted, That the secretary'at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form, or cause to be formed, edimates for the several annual fervjces of which the e ft ablish meats of the army consist.; that is to say, an estimate of the charge of the penffons to be paid to the widows of commissioned officers} an

estimate

Secretary at war to form elti mates of the several annual services under diitindt beads.

2&I

1783.1 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C/50*

iftimatc of the charge of the clothing of the non-commissioned officers and private men of his Majesty's regular forces; an efti-mate of the charge of agency, charged in the clearing of the several regiments and corps, and of the allowances made to the agent of tfce subsistence of non-effective men, called Warrant an efti-xate of the charge of the in and out pensioners of -

tirJ, and of the expences of the said hospital; an estimate of the Bdtoal pay of the commissioned officers, and non-commissioned v {officers, and private men, of his Majesty's forces, on the several fiftabliOiments; an estimate of the charge of the allowances made to captains, paymasters, surgeons, and for the use of riding matters, rough riders, and expences incident to the same; fcin estimate of the charge of the allowance to the paymaster general of his Majesty's land forces, the secretary at war, the commissary general of the mutters, the judge advocate, their deputies, clerks, and the contingent expences of their respective offices, exchequer fees, and all other services now paid out of the deduction of twelve-pence in the pound, and one day’s pay, and not otherwise provided for by ttiis act: and the said Copies where-Iccretairy at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to of to be trans-transmit copies of the said estimates, 10 soon as the fame have nutted to the been agreed to by the house of commons, to the office of the Paymaster* paymaster general of his Majesty's land forces.

‘XX. And be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth d^y of Paymaster to December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the for,1J J1* *he-paymaster general of his Majesty's land forces shall, and he is hereby diretfted and required to ?orm his memorials and requi- forraomesap-iitions to the treasury, and to issue his drafts upon the governor propriated for and company of the bank of England, upon the twenty-fourth clothing, on day of June, and twenty-fourth day of December, iii every year, j^cc in equal payments, to such person or persons as have a regular nually.4* assignment from the several colonels, lieutenant colonels commandant, majors and captains commandant, and captains, for the monies appropriated for the clothing of the non-commis- Honed officers and private men of his Majesty's regular forces.

XXI. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall ex- Not to alter tend, or be construed to extend, to the making any alteration the privilege*, in the privileges, profits, or emoluments, which the said colo- coionds nels, lieutenant colonels commandant, majors and captains ^ol/ic. commandant, and captains, now derive, either from the cloth- relative to ing,‘ or the non-effective men, called Warrant or - clothing, o bus, of their respective regiments, troops, and companies; but nrtn*'^&ii the said colonels, lieutenant colonels commandant, majors mena and captains commandant and captains, shall continue to enjoy and receive the same privileges, profits, and emoluments, they would otherwise ehjoy and receive from the nett offf'feckdnings, and from the non-effective men, tailed Warrant Oden, or Hautbois, of theif respective regiments and corps, had

thfea<5F not been made.

XXII. And, for tty better prevention of the issuing from the

thegtierany more moqjes than shall be necessiryJar the pfitposes

' ' ‘ ‘ cited

or

iv*

2gz

Secretary at war to trans-roit to the pay matter's office an account of the effectice officers and privates, regulars and embodied militia, in Great Britain.

Not to extend to alignments, debentures, S

prior to Dec. *5, 17S3.

Paymaster

may issue certain allowances to agents monthly.

Allowances to

colonels of subsistence of non-effective men, to be, added to their Pay-

Secretary at war to form an estimate of monies ne-Cissary for recruiting each regiment. and to trans mit it to the p.iymaster's office.

Anno vicesimo tertio. GEORGII III. C. 50. [1783.

cited in this aft5 be it enacted, That, from and after the of this act, the secretary at war shall, and he is hereby du and required, from time to time, to transmit to the office of paymaster general of his Majesty's land forces, an account the effectice commissioned and non-commissioned officers private men of his Majesty's regular forces, and embodied* jitia, serving in Great Britain, distinguishing each corps rally; and the said paymaster general shall, and he is directed and required, to form his memorials and requisitit and to issue his drafts, as aforesaid, for the subsistence of said effectice commissioned and non-com m i (honed officers private men, according to the said accounts, and for no othe service under the said title or description.

XXIII. /Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothix

in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any ai ments, debentures, clearing warrants, or«other warrants accounts of the army, for periods prior to the twenty-fifth da] of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three

but all such Alignments, debentures, clearing warrants, other warrants or accounts, shall be prepared and made 01 in the same manner as they would have been, had this act been made.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this a^ shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces from issuing, to the agent* of the respective regiments, troops, and companies, in montl payments, the allowances given to the agents, in lieu of the subsistence of the non-effectice men, called Warrant formerly paid to them.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the allowances heretofore made to the colonel or commandant, \ known by the name of allowances to the colonel of the subsistence non-effective men, called Warrant Men and Haurbqis, shall be added to the pay of the said.colonels and commandants; and the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces shall, and he is hereby directed and required to issue the fame, in monthly payments, at the time the subsistence of the army is issued.

XXVI. And whereas the method offitting apart the subsistence of the non-effective men, as a fund for the recruiting and other cantin* gent fit vices, tends to obfiurity and confvfion in accounts; be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the feertw tary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form, or cause to be formed, from time to time, an estimate of the monies which may be necessary for recruiting each regiment, troop, or company, of his Majesty's forces, and to transmit the said estimate to the office of the paymaster general of his Majesty's land forces; who shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requi fit ions, and to issue his drafts, as aforesaid, for the fame, at the times, *nd in the proportions, which the said secretary at war shall c(i-red; and to charge the same to the account of each regiment,

troop.


293

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. troopi and company, for whole use the said monies have been jflaed,

VXXVII. And whereas it is necessary that accounts of the -

kf service should be regularly transmitted; be it enacted, That Recruiting ewery officer employed in the recruiting any regiment, troop, officers, every Ortompany, of his Majesty's forces, shall, and he is hereby month8, tfec&bd and required, every two months, to make up and to abstr^ftof an tnofinit, examined and certified by his commanding officer, if the numbers indent in Great Britain, (who in this case shall, and he is here- recruited. by directed and required to certify the fame,) to the adjutantt0 lhc adiu: geeeral of his Majesty's forces, an abstract of the numbers re-

ctuked during the two preceding months, and also Co transmit agent, atopy of the said abstract, together with a regular and exact account of the expences which have attended the said service faring the tyro preceding months, to the agent of the corps for which such officer, is recruiting respectively 5 and on failure penalty on herein, the officer/ through whefe neglect such abstract and neglect., account, or a dopy thereof, shall not have been transmitted to the adjutant general, or to the agent of the corps respectively,

shall be liable to be tried for such neglect by a 'general court-martial, and, if convicted, shall be camiered, or shall suffer such Other punishment as by such court-martial shall be awarded; and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company, in which such neglect shall be committed, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make a report thereof to his colonel, if in Great Britain, who shall report the same to the commander in chief, or to the secretary at war, in order that the officer so neglecting may be brought to trial for the same.

XXVIII. And whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased to direB a part of the poundage deduced from his forces to be returned;

be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth day of, Directions to

ooethousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the secretary at the secretary

war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form, or re*V -

ause to be formed, on the twenty-fourth day of June, and poundage

weoty-fburth day of December, in every year, an account for deducted.

he preceding six months, of the monies necessary to be i filled

or defraying the expence of repaying such parts of the poundage

Icducted from the pay of the sordes as are now returned to the

iffcdtive men of his Majesty's foot forces, or which his Majesty

ball, by warrant under his royal sign manual, hereafter direct

0 be cepaid; and to transmit the same to the office of the pay-

nafter general of his Majesty's land forces, who shall, and is

lereby directed and required, within fourteen days from the

eeeipt thereof, to form his memorials and requisitions, and to

ffiie.his drafts, as aforesaid, for the fame, upon the said twenty-

ouith day of June, and twenty-fourth day of, and to

ham them to the account of each corps, as aforesaid.

XXIX. And whereas it is expedient to keep the services which are

\m provided for out of the subsistence issued for the non-efftflive Secretary at nen, or the contingencies, more dtftinB5 be it enacted, That the ccretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to timates herein 9 form, mentioned;

294

and to transmit them to

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50.

form, or cause to be formed, from time to time, an estimtegf the monies necessary to be issued on account of the extra of bread, when his Majesty's troops are in barracks; an estimate, from time to time, of the monies necessary tgft lifued for defraying the expences of marches; also on or the first day of November in every year, an estimate of th^gia-nies necessary to be issued for his Majesty's horse and dragon forces, usually called Grass and alfp, on the twenty*

fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth day of December* m every year, an estimate of the monies necessary to be ifliipd for the expences of deserters, subsistence.of discharged men, fee* of offices, hospital expences, carriage and expences of new ?rtpfi travelling expences of officers and horses before they join $be regiment;.together with all Jester contingencies, now ufcafy paid, or which his Majesty shall, by any future regulations, under his royal sign manual, direct to be allowed to and for Up use of each regiment, troop, and company, of his forces j, and to transmit the same to the office of paymaster general, of his the pay-office. Majesty's iaiMj forces, who Jh?U, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requisitions, and to lube his drafts as aforesaid, for the several monies containedi in the said estimates, at such times, and in such proportions, as the (ecretary at war shall direct, pr are otherwise provided for by this act, and to charge the same to the account of each corps, as aforesaid.

XXX. And whereas it has been the to apply part +f

non -effective fub/istence to the of captains of troops and compama

of his Majesty's regular land forces: and whereas the said allqwanct is substantiallyequitable; but it will be more convenient to malt

specifick allowance in lieu thereof; be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, an annual allowance shall be made to each of the captains of companies of foot, during their continuance >n service, according to the establishment of their respective companies; that is to say, when the companies are at the establishment of seventy fix men or upwards, the aforesaid annual allowance shall be fifty-six pounds ten shillings; when the companies are reduced in their establishment under seventy-six*awl are above, fifty men, the aforesaid annual allowance shall be forty-seven pounds seven shillings and sixpence; and when the companies are reduced in their establishment to fifty, men or underv the aforesaid allowance shall be thirty-eight pounds five shillings; and also the annual allowance of thirty poundfs now made to the captains of troops of horse and dragoons, ibatl continue to be made; for which said allowances the paymaster general of his Majesty's .land forces, shall, and be is hereby di^ re&ed and required to form his memorials and requisitions, and to issue his drafts as aforesaid, on the twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth day of in every year, in

equal payments, and to charge the same to the account of the several regiments, troops, and companies, to which the said captains belong,

XXXt.

Certain annual allowance* to be made to captains of foot, &c.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertfo GEdRCfil JII. c. 50. 295

XXXI. And whereas the captains of thiregiment arid

companies of invalids, have been accustomed receive the

of certain non-effective min called Contingent Men, as an indemnification for the repairs of arms, burials, and Losses by men dying in their debt, and have olfo been allowed the pay of the non-effective men in their said several companies: and whereas the regiment and indefendant companies of invalids have been considered as an honourable retirement for officers of long service, and is proper to make a [tillable and more equal provision for that branch of the service; be it enacted, That, from the twenty-firth day of, Annual al-

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, an annual allowancesto loWance of one hundred pounds shall be made to each of the JheTa^ain*of captains of the regiment and independant companies of Inva- the^egiment has, when the establishment of their respective companies shall andindepend-amount to seventy private mentor upwards; and an annual ant companies allowance of eighty pounds when the establishment is under the of in?alld,# said number of private, taen; for which said allowances the pay-master general of his Majesty's land forces shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requisitions, and to issue his drafts as aforesaid, on the twenty-fourth day of

June, and twenty-fourth day of Decem, in every year, in equal payments, and to charge the same to the account of the regiment and independant companies of invalids.

XXXII. And whereas his Majesty has been to cause repayment to be made to the ncn-commissioned and private men

of his foot forces, of the jloppages made for the use of the paymasters

and Jurgeohs: and whereas it is proper to make provision fir the pay-

mafltrs and surgeons in lieu thereof; be it enactedt, That, from the Annual allow-

twenty-fifth day of December,one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, an annual allowance of onfe hundred and twenty lftersanY* pounds shall be made to each of the said paymasters and fur- surgeons of geons, when the establishment of their companies is fifty pri-the foot vate men, or upwards; and an annual allowance of seventy*®e pounds, after the companies shall be reduced in their establish- Jruaj stop. ment below the said number of private men: for which said pages made allowances, the pr.ymaster general of his Majesty's forces shall, for their use. and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requisitions, and to issue his drafts as aforesaid. Upon the twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth day of

in every year, in equal payments; and to charge the same to (he account of each corps, as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And whereas it has been uffir the allowances made

to the paymasters, fur germs, riding master:, and rough, of his

Majesty1 s horse and dragoon forces, to be paid to them out the

Hils tffued under the name of Grass Money, and it is proper to make Annual al-a distintl provision in lieu thereof; be it enacted, That, from the paymaster° twenty*fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and forgeons, eighty-three, an annual allowance, at and after the rate of ten rising maf-

Sounds for every troop of and in each regiment of his Majesty's °*.

orfe and dragoon forces, shall be made to each of the said pay- dragoons,*£1 mailers, when (he establishment of the troop amounts to forty iieu of grata

private money.

Z$6

Paymaster of every regiment, &c. to transmit to the agent, every two month', an account of subsistfnce aft ually paid therein.

And twice in every year to transmit to the said agent the fevetal accounts herein specified.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50, [iflg,

private men, or upwards$ and an annual allowance at and after the rate of seven pounds fifteen shillings, for every troop, Aall be made to each of the said paymasters, after they shall be reduced in their establishment below the said number of pcasfffe men; and also an annual allowance, at and after the mte^f eight pounds for every troop of and in each regiment' Majesty's horse and dragoon forces, shall be made to the said furgfeons, when the establishment of thtf troop ai to forty private men; and an annual allowance, at and after die rate of six pounds four shillings, for every troop, shall be made to each of the said surgeons, after they shall be reduced in their establishment below the said number of private men j and an annual1 allowance, at and after the rate of twenty-three pounds six shillings, for every troop of and in»each regiment of his MajestyV horse and dragoon forces, shall be made to the colonel, lieutenant colonel, and major commandant, of every corps, for the use of the said riding matters, rough riders, or for incidental expences relating to the same, when the establish-inent of the troop amounts to forty private men 5 and an annual allowance, at and after the rate of eighteen pounds one shilling, for every troop, shall be mad^ to the said colonels, lieutenant colonels, and majors commandant, for the aforesaid purposes, after they shall be reduced in their establishment below the said number of private men: for which said allowances, the paymaster general of his Majesty's land forces shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requisitions, and to issue his drafts as aforesaid, on the twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth day of, in

every year, in equal payments; and to charge the same to the account of each corps, as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That every paymaster of a regiment, troop, or company, of his Majesty's regular forces, or embodied militia, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make out, and transmit to the agent of such regiment, troop, or company, an account, every two months, of the exact.subsistence actually paid to effective officers and men, and of the broken periods arising from deaths, desertions, or discharges, of men, in the course of the said two months: and on the twenty-fourth day of Juney and twenty-fourth day of

in every year, the said paymaster shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make up, and, within three months from each of the above periods, to transmit to the said agent, the following accounts; that is to say, an account of all~ the expences which have attended the recruiting service of his Majesty's regular forces, for the preceding six months, distinguishing the subsistence of recruits, levy money, and every other article of expence, under their several heads; an account of the poundage paid to the effective men, in the preceding six months; an account of the allowances made for the extra price of bread, to such of the troops who have been in barracks, the preceding six months \ an account of the expences which have attended

the

*97

1783.] Anno 0Vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50*'

the marches of atty regiment* troop, or company, from ort« part of Gredt BHtaih to another; an account of the monies paid*

for the preceding fix mohths, usually cajled Grass Money, an account of hospital expences, travelling expences of officers and horses, before they join the troop, or regiment, and all other Ids contingencies which are now, or which his Majesty shall, by any future regulations under his royal sign manual, direct to be allowed for the preceding six months, under their several heads; the said respective accounts to be examined and certified by the commanding officer of each respective corps, who shall, and he is hereby directed and required to examine and certify the fame; and on failure herein, the paymaster, through whose neglect the said respective accounts shall not be transmitted as aforesaid, shall be liable to a trial for such neglect by a general court martial, and if convicted, shall be cashiered, of shall suffer such other punishment i by* such court martial shall be awarded; and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company, in which such neglect shall be committed, (ha)l, and he is hereby dtredled and required to make a report thereof to his colonel, if in Great, who shall re-

port the same to the commander in chief, or to the secretary at war, in order that the officers offending may be brought to a trial for the same.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That, from and after the twenty- Agents to fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- uaa|%ccount* four, the agent of every regiment, troop, and company, of his of their re- MajestyY regular forces, and embodied militia, shall, and are speaive regi-hereby directed and required to make up an annual account of tocntt* each regiment, troop, and company, for the preceding year, ending the twenty-fourth day of December; the accounts of the forces and militia serving in Great Britain, to be made up within six months after the expiration of the year; the accounts of the several corps on foreign service, within two months after the fespective accounts, enabling the agents to make bp their said annual accounts, shall be received by the said agents; and in the said accounts, the several imprefts, or monies received, including the monies received for cast horses fold, and every other receipt which belongs and ought to be brought to the credit of the publick, in the accounts of the respective corps, and the several disbursements or monies paid, shall be properly distinguished under their several heads of service, the arrears due to the several officers, and the agency due to them, upon the full pay of the commissioned officers, non-commission-ed officers, and private men, of the several corps then and there to be charged, and the balance then firuck which is due from the publick to the said regiment, troop, and company; r

and to transmit the fame within the aforesaid limited time, to- Jhefen»e?othe get her with proper vouchers, agreeable to tb£ present (landing secretary at regulations, or any future regulations which his Majesty shall, war, and pay-under his royal sign manual, direct, to the office of the secretary matter gene-Vot; XXXIV. X »iral«

298

on forfeiture of 1001.

Not to discharge agents from making up such other accouotsa^the fecietary at war may require.

Directions relative tomuf* tering the forces.

Directions for making out army Dcbm-tures and clearing warrants.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. [1783.

at war, and a copy thereof to the office of the paymaster general of his majesty’s land forces*, and on failure herein, of in any other of the regulations prescribed to the said agents by this act, the said agent or agents so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every offence, to be recovered by any person or persons who shall sue for the fame; and the secretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to examine and settle, or cause to be examined and settled, the aforesaid annual accounts, and to transmit the fame, together with certificates of the several charges allowed in the said accounts, and the balances of the fame, within three months after the receipt of the said accounts reflectively, to the office of the paymaster general of his Majesty's land forces.

XXXVI. Provided always, That this act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any agent or agents from making up, in the course of the year, such account or accounts as the secretary at war may have occasion for or require; and any agent or agents, refusing obedience to such requisition or requisitions, shall be liable to the penalty aforesaid.

XXXVII. And whereas the common practice 0} mustering the

forces, is not of present ufey be it enacted, That his Majesty's for-

ces shall be mustered on, or as near as may be to, the twenty-fourth day of Juney and twenty-fourth day of, in

every year; at which time the commissaries shall, and they are hereby directed and required to take exact lifts of all the commissioned and non commissioned officers, and private men, then actually existing in the federal regiments, troops, and companies; and also lifts of such commissioned and non-commissioned officers, and private meni who have been in the several regiments, troops, and companies, for any part or parts of the preceding half year, specifying the periods at which such officers,

and private men, came into the several corps, and when they died, or where removed; and also the,dates and attestations of all recruits, acquired in the preceding half year: and the commissary general of musters shall, and he is hereby directed and required to transmit the same to the offices of the secretary at war, and paymaster general of his Majesty's land forces, and comptrollers of the accounts of the army, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, and first day of following the said musters respectively.

XXXVIII. And whereas the present method of making out tbt

army debentures and clearing warrants is inconvenient; be it drafted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of, one thousand seven, hundred apd eighty-three, the secretary at war (ha’I, and he is hereby directed and required to prepare and fend, together with the annual accounts of the agents, and certificates aforesaid, warrants to the office of the paymaster general of his Majesty's land forces, authorizing and directing the said paymaster general to make out debentures, wherein the sums borne on the several efbblishments, and the monies chlbursed on account thereof, shall be specified, and the balance cerrfied,

w Licit

1783.] Anno -vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51 - 53. 299

which is due to or from each regiment, troop, and co.mpany, of his Majesty's regular forces, and embodied militia; which laid debenture the paymaster general shall, and he is hereby directed and required to transmit to the office of the said secretary it war, within three months from the receipt thereof; and the secretary at war shall, and he is' hereby directed and required, immediately on receipt of the said debentures, to make out, or cause to be made out, clearing warrants, directing and author!f-ing the said paymaster general to form memorials and requifi-tions, and to issue his drafts as aforesaid, for the balance or net monies due to each regiment, troop, and company, of his Majesty's regular forces, and embodied militia, for clearings, and to charge the same to the account of the said regiment, troop, and company; and the said clearing warrants shall authorize and direct the paymaster general to make the excess which shall arise upon the’several eft^blishments, after deducting the re from the monies so disbursed and paid as aforesaid, a saving, and to chrry it to the credit of the publick; and to charge every deficiency, which shall arise from the several cfta-blishments not being sufficient to discharge the disbursements paid on account as aforesaid, to the general account of contingencies, or to such other fund as may be applicable thereto.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That this act shall not extend, This act not or be construed to extend, to the making any alteration in the extend to present mode or regulation of the two troops of horse guards, or the two troops of horse grenadier guards, the royal regiment of foat gjards, horse guards, and the three regiments of foot guards; but the feme shall continue in the practice of the fame mode and regulations as they would otherwifs have done had this act not been made.

CAP. W.

An act to repeal an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for further punishment of vagabonds calling them (elves Egyptians.

Act 5 Eliz. c. %o. recited, and repealed. '

CAP. JLII.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, within the realm of Great Britain.

Number of forces 17.483, including 2,030 invalids.— This act to continue in the realm ot Great Britain, from June 24, 1783* till March 25, \

>7*4.

CAP. LIII.

An act to enable the comtpijfiotiers of supply of the several counties

therein mentioned, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to ajfef and levy-certain sums for relieving such of the inhabitants X 2

) ?d

300 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 53J [1783.

tf the said counties as have been reduced to indigence by the fmhtrg of the last year's crop of corn i and to enable his damn

the next recejs of parliamentby and with the advice of his council, to permit the importation of corn into the said counties fir a limited time, and in /hips or vessels belonging to any fate amityswith his Majesty, navigated by

WHEREAS, it is highly necessary to make some provision ftr Fteam e. y, relief of such of the inhabitants of the counties of

' Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Ross* Nairne, Cro*

martie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caiihness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, as are* or shall be distress by the failure of the last year's crop of corn, and the scarcity and high price of corn occasioned thereby: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the commissioners of supply for the hid several and respective counties of Aberdeen, In-

verness, Ross, Nairne, Croma, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, ^Orkney, and Zetland, may, nod they are hereby authorized (if the circumstances of the hid landholders to counties shall require and admit thereof) to affefsand levy upon raile a turn of all and every the heritors and landholders within their respective shires, a sum of money not exceeding fourteen pounds Scots on every one hundred pounds Scots of valued rent of the said counties respectively; such sum to be raised and levied in the same manner, and with and under the fame powers and authorities, as are direifted by an a<5l made in this present feffioo of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majtfi by a land tax,to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of tit year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, with respect to the cess thereby directed to be raised and levied.

II. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners offop-ply acting within and for the several shires aforesaid respectivelf, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to apply tb« monies arising by virtue of the assessment authorized to be made by this a<5l, in relieving such of the inhabitants of the said re-spe<5live shires as have been reduced to indigence by the failure of the last year’s crop, and in such way and manner, as the said commissioners in their judgement and dtferetion shall think ft t.

Commissioners of supply for certain counties in Scotland may assess the

money j

ro be applied in relieving inhabitants, reduced to indigence by the failure of last year's' crop.

His Majesty

III. And whereas it may be expedient, during the next recess pfi*

im powered, liament, to permit the free importation of corn into the said severd

during the respective counties of Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Invcmcfe,

Lament, to*" Ross, Nairne, Cromartie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland,

issue his pro- Cairhness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, be

clamation for fu ther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his

allowing the Majesty, by his royal proclamation, to be issued by and importation of J r, 5. r, J

com, for four the advice of h,s Pnvy council, to permit the importation

17$3.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54 - 56.

corn for the space of four months, t be computed from the third day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty* three, into the said several and respective counties of Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Ross, Ar-

gyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Elgin, Dunbarton,

Orkney, and Zetland5 and that all such corn, to be imported by virtue of or under such proclamation, shall not be subject or liable to the payment of any fqbfidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever; and such corn so imported may be carried coastways under the fam* regulations as corn being the growth of this kingdom; any thing in any former act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said corn, ( videlicet) corn, grain, or flour, wheat, or wheat flour, rye, rye flour, barley, oats, pease, and all forts of corn, grain, and meal, and pulse, may be imported into the aforesaid places in any ship or vessel belonging to any state in amity with his Majesty, his heirs and successors, navigated by foreign Teamen.

CAP. LIV.

An act for providing a proper workhouse, within the parish of Birming* bam, in the county of Warwick, and for better regulating the poor within the said panfli.

CAP. LV.

An act for building a new goal for the town and county of the town of Kington upon Hul; for purchasing an additional burial ground for the use of the parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said town; for regulating the fares of hackney coachmen, chairmen, and porters, and the prices of carriage of goods) for altering the time of lighting lamps; for ascertaining the breadth of party walls, and for preventing certain nuisances within the said town, liberties, and precincts thereof; for amending an act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and establishing publick quays or wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built opposite to certain ftaiths in the said act described; and for other purposes.

CAP. LVI.

An act to allow the drawback of the whole duty of customs the exportation of

WHEREAS by an act made in this present session of parliament, ( intituled An act for allowing the importation of rice, paddy, Indian corn, Indian meal, and maize, free of duty, for a limited time,) Rice is permitted to be imported into Great Britain, from any place whatsoever, at any time or timet before the thirtieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and -three, without payment of any subsidy, custom, or duty, on importation whatsoever: now, in order to encourage the trade and commerce of this kingdom, may it please your Majesty that it may be

X 3 enacted

301

months, into the said counties.

What com and flour may be imported.

[Preamble.]

Recital of c. 9. of the present ftf-(ion.

3° 2

From Sept.30, 1783. a drawback of the -whole duty of customs shall be allowed of the exportation or rice.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 57. [1783.

enabled *, and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, upon the exportation of any rice which shall be imported into tbit kingdom after the said thirtieth day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, indead and in lieu of all former drawbacks, the exporter shall be allowed a drawback or allowance of all the duties of customs which were paid upon the importation of such rice; which drawback shall be made and allowed in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as any former drawback or allowance payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of such rice, was, could, or might be paid and allowed, if this had not been made.

CAP. LVir.

An act for the /aleof prize goods secured in in this king-

dom, for which the duties are not, or the goods, with-

in a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS great quantities of prize which heve

been taken during the late are now remaining in

several warehouses in this, in which they were secured in pursuance offeveral acts of parliament made for the relief of the cep-tors of pt izes with respect to the bringing and landing certain prist goods in this kingdom: And now the hojliHties are it

is expedient that such warehouses shoul.d be cleared of such goods within. a reasonable time, to be allowed for that purpose: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and can-moos, in this present parliament assembled, and by the author-If warehoused rity of the fame. That if such goods shall not bie either prize gcynl* ported, or the full duties paid for the same, on or before the are not ex- twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and duties paid* C eighty-five, but shall then continue and be still remaining ia before Dec.* such warehouses, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's customs at London or Edinburgh respe&ivdljr or‘any three or more of them for the time being, to cause such goods so remaining to be publickly fold, by auction or inch c£ candle, to the best bidder; and the money arising by such 6b to be applied, first, in discharge of the duties due and payable for loch goods, and the expences of such file* and the overplus (it any) to be paid to the proprietor of such goods, or other pci ion duly authorised to receive the same.

*5* >7*5* comnnliioners of customs may fVlthe fame.

C.

CA*

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58.

303

CAP. LVIII.

9

An act for granting to his Majesty severaladditional and new duties

upon /lamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and a!jo for repealing certain exemptions from the stamp-duties!

i

, Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary supplies which we have freely granted unto, your Majesty in this fetfion of parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional and new stamp-duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the From Aug. ?. fame, That, from and after the first day of one thou- the fol-

sand seven hundred and cighfy-three, there shall be levied, duiielfto^1^ collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great, paid to his

unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, MajestyVvi-the several stamp-duties following; thafls to say, delicctj

For every

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or wh?ch&0i3?inbe piece of paper, upon which shall be ingroifed, written, or print- written or ed, any receipt, or other discharge, for any legacy left by any printed* rewill or other testamentary instrument, or for any share or part for any of a personal estate, divided by force of the statute of distributi- not exceeding ons, or the custom of any province or place, the amount where- tol.an addi-of shall not exceed the value of twenty pounds, there shall be tionalduty charged an additional stamp duty of two shillings and fix-ofl8*6d. pence; and where the amount shall exceed the value of twenty iol.and pounds, and not amount to one hundred pounds, an additi-I0°'* onal stamp -duty of five shillings; and where the amount there- loop ..of 2Qj of shall be of the value of one hundred pounds, an additional and a like ad- (bmp-duty of twenty shillings; and a like additional stamp- union upon duty upon every further sum of one hundred pounds, so left by every tool, any will or other testamentary instrument, or for any share or part of a personal estate, divided by force of the statute of dif- onwhichduill tributions, or the custom of any province or place: be written or

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or printed any piece of paper, upon which shall be ingroifed, written, or Pr°b^c«°fa printed, any probate of a will, or letters of administration, for or above the any estate of or above the value of one hundred pounds, there value of iool. shall be charged an additional (bmp-duty of twenty shillings; *n.additional and a further additional duty of twenty shillings, where the duty °ftos* estate is of or above the value of three hundred pounds; and a 3°ohvab© further additional duty of twenty shillings, where the estate is ’* ° 40S* of or abovfc the value of six hundred pounds; and a further ad- 6ooKTa*ue'

X4 ditional--°f-U

304 ' Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. [1783.

7,ooool. value, dit'ional dlity of twenty shillings, where the estate is of or above of4l. ' the value of one thousand pounds:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet oc An additional piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print-is. to certain in Great Britain, any indenture, lease, or other deed, foe edinry^eo't. which a stamp duty of one shilling and sixpence is payable, by Viz. aninden- virtue of an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his ture, lease or present Majesty, except bonds given as security for the payment other deed Gf any sum or sums of money, there shall be charged an addi-of "°"al stamp duty of one shilling: xs.6d i» For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or

granted (ex*, piece of paper, upon which any bond shall be ingrossed, writ-eept bonds tg0j or printed, given as security for any sum of money, the fityTor SpayC-U amount whereof shall exceed one hundred pounds, there shall ment of y* he charged an additional stamp duty of five shillings; and money.) where the amount thereof shall be of the value of five hundred On bonds f$>r pounds, or upward?, {here shall be charged an additional stampt above iool.au duty of ten shillings

additional For every ^jn or pjece of v$lluin or parchment, or sheet or piec*

uty 0 5*« of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any original or 500 an wrjt> (except such original upon which a writ of imiesjj

Subpcpva, bill of Middlesex, writ of, J

writ of Ueimtus Potejiatem to take answers, examine witnesses,

or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatsoever, or any

upwards 109 Every (kin,

Stc. contain*

ine an origi- __

anar&:cSul> other Proce^ or mandate thaFlhall issue out or pass the seals of w^e the any of the courts af Westminjle, courts of the great sessions in debt or da- ' Wales,courts in the counties palatine, or any other court what-ma6e amounts soever holding plea, where the debt or damaep doth amount to forty shillings,.or above, or the thing in demand is of that value, (writs of covenant for levying lines, writ? of entry for fuftering common recoveries, and writs of Habeas, al-

ways excepted,) there shall be Charged an additional stamp duty of sixpence:

For every ftrin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed written, or print-t.onaldutyof e(j^ any dispensation to hold two ecclesiastical dignities or bene-

On ailniiffions fi"5’ °,r bo/h a dignity M benefit, n Other'dilPenf3‘;°«

or faculty from the lord archbishop of, or the master

of the faculties for the time being, there shall be charged an additional stamp duty of forty shillings:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any admission into any of the four inns of court, there shall be charged an additional stamp duty of forty shillings:

T For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or

taken thrrem, P‘ece of Paper* upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print-in additioiia.1 e l, any register, entry, testimon.al, or certificate of the degree of utter barrtfter, taken in any of the la d four inns of court, there shall be charged an additional stamp duty of four pounds;

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print-

' ed,

tq 40s. an additional duty of 6d.

On dispensations to hold two ecclesiastical livings. See. an addi*

into either of the inns of courr, an act-diriohai duty of 40s. and on every reg’iller or certificate of the degrr-e of

On every grant or let* tery patent

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. 305

ed, any grant or letters patent under the great seal of Great lin(jer the Britain, or the seal of the duchy or county palatine of great seal, or

of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty, or privi- seal of the lege to any person or persons, body politick or corporate, or Lanwfter* of exemplification of the fame, (commissions of rebellion in pro- any"0nour# cess always excepted,} there shall be charged an additional &c. an addi-(lamp-duty of forty shillings: tional4os.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or On every ad-piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written or print- pittance of a cd, any admittance, or indrument for admitting, of any fellow of the 'college of physicians, or of any attorney, clerk, advocate, physicians, or proctor, notary, or other officer or officers, in any court what- of an attor-soever in Great Britain, (not being an annual officer in any cor- ney* Pro r> poration or inferior court, whose office is under the value of ten *3'

pounds per annum, in salary fees, or other perquisites,) there110 4

shall be charged an additional stamp duty of forty shillings:

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of On bills of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any note or pill of lading, which mall be signed for any goods or Exported, an merchandizes to be exported, there shall be charged an additio- additional +d. nal stamp duty of four-pence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or On certificate* piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print- for drawing ed, any certificate or debenture for drawing back any customs Jj90* any or duties, or any part of any customs or duties, for or in respect pomtion^an of the reshipping or exporting of any goods or merchandizes, addition^ 8d. which shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, from Britain, for any parts beyond the seas, there shall be charged an additional damp-duty or eight-pence:

For every' (kin ot piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or On every ci-piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written, any ci- tation or rao-tation or monition, made in any ecclesiastical court, or any libel ^cjefiastical^ or allegation, defposition, answer, sentence, or final decree, or court> &c. an any inventory exhibited in any ecclesiastical court, the courts of additional 1 s. admiralty or cinque ports, or whereupon any copies of them respectively shall be ingrossed or written or upon which shall be ingrossed or written any protest, or any other notorial act whatsoever, there shall be charged an additional stamp duty of one shilling: '

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or On every con-piece of paper, upon which shall be mgrossed or written any veyance, fur-conveyance, fuiTen^er of grants or offices, release, or other deed render £ whatsoever, which shall be inrolled of record in any of the filled of* courts at Westminster, or in any other court of record whatso- record in any

ever, or by any Custos Rotulorum, or clerk of the peace, there court of re-shall be charged an additional damp-duty of two shillings and ^dltiona sixpence: ~ Jjl,d°na

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchmerst, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Sjrenamt f *r writ of covenant for levying fines, any writ of entry for suffer- j^ng'fines, ing a common recovery, and any exemplification, of what na- &c. an addi- jure soever, that shall pals the seal of any court whatsoever, tional 5».

there

3°6 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. [1783.

there shall hi charged an additional stamp doty of five shillings: CVt\^ *s#" For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment^ or (beet or rint,1 under" P,ece Paper> upon which shall be ingrossed or written any his Majesty's beneficial warrant of order, under the sign manual of his Mi-sign manual, jesty, his heirs or successors, (except warrants or orders lor an additional the service of the navy, army, and ordnance) there shall be warrantor1 charged an additional stamp duty of five shillings: orders for the service of the navy, army, and ordinance.)

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heelor transferof P,cce paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any stock in any transfer of flock in any company, society, or corporation, within company, &c. Great Britain, there shall be charged an additional stamp duty in Great of two shillings and three-pence:

®r’t.a!n» a.n For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (hector s.ljd.n* piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print-On every fur- e^» any C0Py any Surrender of, and admittance to, any render of, or custom-right or tenant-right estate, not being copyhold, which admittance,to shall pass by surrender and admittance, or by admittance only, a cuttonvor and which shall not paf$ by deed, (except such custom-right or tenant right estates as shall not exceed the clear yearly value of twenty shillings) within those parts of Great Britain called £* handy IVaks, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, there shall be charged an additional stamp duty of two shillings and fit-

land or Wales, Penc®

an additional is. 6d. (except under the yearly value of *os.)

Renderor For every or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or admittance piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any surrender of, or admittance to, any copyhold land or tenement, (except such copyhold lands or tenements as lh" not exceed the clear yearly value of twenty shillings,) within those parts of Great Britain, called England, Wales, and the town

of Berwick upon Tweed, or any grant or lease by copy of court Sn England or roll, or any other copy of the court roll of any honour or manor additional* the said parts of Great (other than and except

as. 6d. the original surrender to the use of a will, and the court roll01

(except the books wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or in-©rigmal lur- inrolled,) there shall be charged an additional stamp duty ot S*te, TJl,e filings and f.xpence:

and the court rolls or books )

On every bill, por every or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet, c piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written, an bill, ar.fwer, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, interrogator^ demolitions taken Jby commission, or any other pleading* wha^ ever, in the courts of chancery, exchequer, duchy court, county palatine courts, or other courts of equity, there (haJlq charged an additional stamp duty of sixpence

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (neet ( piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written admission into any corporation or company, or any matncu-- on in either of the two universities, there shall be charged additional stamp duty of two shillings;

tenant-right tttate, not copyhold, which shall not pass by 1 deed in Enj

to, any copy hold estate, except, not of the yearly value of 20 s.

answer, rcpli cat.on, or ©tiicr pleading*, in the Com t:> of cli mcery ex icqu^r, Sic. an additional 6d.

Omevery ad-rmliion into any corporation, &c. an additional is.

U

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. 307

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or On every ori-piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any g'nal initru-; principal or original instrument of surrender or resignation, service or cognition of heirs, charter or feifine of any houses, lands, nation ^hfr-tenements, or hereditaments, holding burgage, or of burgage*W or feifine tenure, in Scotland, there shall be charged an additional (lamp- of houses, c. duty of one shilling: tenure8*8*

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Scotland^aa 1 piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any additional principal or original feifine, taken or following upon any mort- For every ori-gage, wadset, heretable bond, alienation, or disposition, or upon 8*"^ feifine any charter, precept of Clare Conjlat, retours, apprizings, or ad- mort" judications of lands or tenements holding of any subject as inScocland as aforesaid, in Scotland', there shall be charged an additional (lamp- additional it. duty of one shilling

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or For every ori-piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any ginal retour of principal or original retour of any service of heirs, or any precept fcrw>ce of of Clare Cofijlat of lands or tenements holding of any subject as Scotland as aforesaid, in Scotland, there shall be charged an additional (lamp- additional duty of one shilling:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or For every piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any charter or recharter or resignation, confirmation. Novo, or charter signation,^&c.

upon apprizing, or adjudication made or granted by such fupe- additional*% rior or others as aforesaid, in Scotland, there shall be charged an additional stamp duty of one shilling:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (licet or every ori-piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any g,nal principal or original instrument of surrender or resignation of render of Ur" any messuages, houses, lands, tenements, hereditaments, tithes, lands, tene-mills* fishings*and other heretable rights, or any of them, to be menu, to made to any of his Majesty's subjects* who are or shall be the [heriof6*0" superiors thereof j or to any city, town, burgh, or corporation; Scotland*1^ or to any magistrates or others who have power to receive such additional is. surrenders or resignations, in Scotland, there shall be charged an additional stamp duty of one shilling:, For every (kin

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or containing an piece of paper, upon which any agreement shall be ingrossed, ^.^"duly of written, or printed, whether the same shall be. only the evidence 6s. of the contract, or obligatory upon she parties from its being a For every in-written instrument, there shall be charged a stamp duty of fix ventoryof shillings; furniture, &c.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of k^enc^to^ny paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any inventory agreement, 7

or catalogue of any furniture, goods, or effects, made with re- &c. a duty of

ference to any agreement, or for the security of any person, *s* 6 (except inventories produceable in the ecclesiastical courts; and torieVin'eccle-also except inventories of goods and chattels.distrained for rent fiastical courts in arrear,) there shall be charged a stamp duty of two shillings and of goods and sixpence: distrained for

Forrent'>

Anno vicesimo tertio GEofcGH III. c. 58.

[178

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece 0 paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any award, there shall be charged a stamp duty of five shillings.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing to affect lega- in this act contained shall extend to charge with the additional cies See. left

308

For every award, 5*.

This act not

to the wife, children, or grandchildren, of the testator.

duties by this act imposed, any legacy left by any will, or other testamentary instrument, or any share or part of a personal estate to be divided by force of the statute of distributions, or the cudom of any province or place, which shall be left to the wife, children, or grandchildren, of the person making such will or tedamentary indrument, or shall be divided amongd them by force of the datute of distributions, pr the cudom of any province

no^xftndfto HI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority labels for in- aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be fur‘Jnc*s to he condrued to extend, to charge or make liable any label, flip, or Royi Ex^he memoran^um> containing the heads of insurances to be made by chance, or the corporations of the Royal Exchange Assurancey or London Af~ London Af- furance, or the corporations of the Royal Exchange Assurance fu ranees from and goods from firey and London Assurance of houses and goods from nr^t $re* or any ^em, to Payment of the stamp-duties mints fir*' charged by this act upon contracts or agreements,

leases at rack

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this rent of any ad contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to charge messuage un- with the duty of six shillings, by this act imposed on agree-ZforZ ments, any memorandum or agreement for any lease at rack hire of labour- rent of any messuage under the yearly value of five pounds; or ers, artificers, to charge any memorandum or agreement for the hire of any manufactu- labourer, artificer, manufacturer, or menial servant; or to charge any memorandum, letter, or agreement, made for or relating to the sale of any goods, wares, or merchandizes; or to charge any memorandum or agreement where the matter of memorandum or agreement shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds; or to charge any memorandum or agreement made in that part of Great Britain called, that shall be damped

with the duty required on deeds in that part of Great Britain

rers, or menial servants, or relating to sale of goods, or where the value of the matter shall not exceed «ol

or agreements called Scotland.

in Scotland that shall be stamped as required there.

11 days allow ed for payment of duty on agreements.

Diitits grant-

V. Provided also, That no memorandum or agreement not stamped shall be deemed to be void, in case the same shall be stamped at the head office, or the said duty shall be paid thereon and a receipt given thereon for the fame by the proper officer receiving such duty, within twenty-one days after the same shall have been entered into.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and paying, all the said additional and new duties herein-before granted, the same shall be

ed by this ail under the government, care, and management, of the commis-the^mana^e ^lon<V‘s for the time being appointed to manage the duties men^ofcom- charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or missioners for the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to stamps. employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose, and

to

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. 309

to use and provide such (lamps to denote the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution with re* lation to the said several duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execution any former law con* ceming stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, to One new prevent the multiplication of (lamps upon such pieces of vellum stamp may be or parchment, or (beets or pieces ot paper, on which several provided to duties are by the several acts of parliament imposed, it shall and

may be lawful for the said commissioners, indead of the didind on each skin, damps directed to be provided to denote the several duties on &c. the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged therewith, to cause, if they shall see occasion, one new damp to be provided to denote the said several duties, and the additional duty granted by this all, on every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, charged with the said several duties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all vellum, parchment, VellaiB,parch*

and paper, liable to the duties hereby charged, shall, before the ["ent* &c*to fame shall be ingroded, printed, or written upon, be brought to befo?^PHnted the head office for damping or markirtg vellum, parchment, or or wrote onf paper; and the said commissioners, by themselves, or by &c.

their officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon

demand to them made by any person or persons from time to time, damp or mark, as this act directs, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, which shall be brought to them for that purpose; the person so bringing the same paying, to the receiver general of the damp-duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the several duties payable for the fame by virtue of this act. TTr

IX. And be it further enacted, That the fame allowance shall ance to blT" be made on present payment of the several duties granted by made on this act, and in such manner, as by any former law relating prompt pay-to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, is directed and rocnt* allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That such damps as the said Stamps may commissioners are hereby directed and authorized to provide

and *use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such manner rcncwe c* as any other damps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all persons who shall have in their custody or possession any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the damp or mark which shall be so altered of renewed, or on which, being already damped with a damp denoting any former duty, a new damp is hereby directed to be ixnpressed, shall have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cases directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall court- Person* coon-terfeit or forge, or procure to 6c counterfeited or forged, any terfeiting

seal, damps. Of

3io Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C/58, [1783.

knowingly Tea], (lamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this, or vending any any other a Cl of parliament, for the purpose of denoting the feits Tofuffer ^ut‘e^ ty this or any ot^er act of parliament granted, or shall death as fe- counterfeit or resemble the impredion of the fame; or shall ut-Ions. ter, vend, fell, or expose to sale, any vellum, parchment, or

paper, liable to the said stamp-duties, with such counterfeit mark or impredion thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited j or shall privately or fraudulently use any seal, (lamp, or ' mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other a&af

parliament relating to the stamp-duties, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and fuccedors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases^ of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Duties grant-

XII. And be it further enacted, That all powers, providons, ed by this articles, clauses, distribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all vwd°&c, Cas ot^er matters and things, prescribed or appointed by any forth^ under mer act or a<^s of parliament relating to the stamp-duties on former stamp- vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be of full force and effCcl acts. with relation to the several duties hereby imposed; and shall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional and new duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said additional and new duties hereby imposed.

Certain

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such parts of any

clauses in act or a($s of parliament relative to any turnpike, highway, par-, nav^eatfon11 roa<®» bridge, inclosure, navigation, or canal, or any other

acts, &c. matter or thing, passed before the fifth day of, one

?afled before thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, as exempt any mort-)ecember 5, gage, assignment, transfer, or other security for borrowing mo-i7*>rcPcale nCy, or any nomination, contract, bond, warrant, judgement, or other writing whatsoever liable to stamped duties, from being stamped, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

To what cases

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the the said repeal said repeal shall not extend to any transfer of any publick or tend"01 e*~ government flocks or funds; or to any ipflruments, documents, ten or other writings whatsoever, concerning the publick revenue,

or publick funds; or to any other writing expressly exempted from the stamp-duties by any a# of parliament granting any such duty or duties, unless where such exemption has been repealed.

Duties to be

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several duties here-paid to re- in-before granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the dfftam^Cnera* ^an^s °f'the receiver-general for the time being of the duties duties?*' on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distin# account of the several duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer,

for

311 ‘

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58.

for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on Ramped vellum, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided A fisparate ’ and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of account exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising kcp^by the from the said several duties, and paid into the said receipt as auditor of aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other the exche-monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and succes- quer*

fors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid How to be into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together applied, with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or aft* of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such '

other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act -of this present session of parliament,

(intituled An act for raifng a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.)

XVII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if-at any time or times it shall happen, that the produce In ca/ethe of the several duties granted by this act, together with the feve- duties grant-ral other.duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in this session of *Jrth*s ^ent1 parliament, for the payment of the several annuities of three oTtE^anmii-pounds per centum, and of four pounds per, and of thir- ties granted

teen shillings and four-pence per centum,* in respect of twelve by the lottery millions, borrowed in pursuance of an act of this present session a"» ffi of parliament, (intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money for tj,at by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery,) shall not be fuf- purpose,

ficient to pay and discharge the several annuities of three pounds per centum, and of four pounds per centum, and also the said annuity of thirteen, shillings and four-pence per centum, to continue for seventy seven years, from the fifth day of ^January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and then toceafe, together with the other charges and expences attending the said respective annuities, to be satisfied and paid out of the fame, at the end of any or either of the half-yearly days of payment, at which the same are directed by the said act to be paid; then, the deficiency’ and so often, and in every such case, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the monies {j,e sinking which, at any time or times, shall be or remain in the receipt fund; of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use orufe9, by any former act or acts of parliament in that behalf,) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be, from time to time, issued and applied accordingly: and if at any time or times, before any monies of the said fund, to be established as aforefml, shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying the several annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred, and grown due, at any

312

To be replaced out of the next (applies.

In case of a far pi us of duties, the fame mall be reserved for the disposition of parliament.

Persons sued for executing this act, may plead the general issue.

and shall be entitled to treble costs.

Recital of a bill now depending in the houte of commons.

Anno vicesimo terdo Georgii III. c. 59; [178$.

of the half-yearly days of payment before-mentioned; that tbdo, and in every such case, the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the monies of the sinking fund, (except at before excepted,) and be issued accordingly.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever monies shall be issued out of the said sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament.

XIX. Provided always, and be it fcnafted by the authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any surplus or remainder of the monies arising by the said fund, after the said several and respective annuities, and all arrears thereof, are satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose, such furptes or remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for the disposition of parliament, and shall not be issued-but by the authority of parliament, and as shall be directed by future act or acts of parliament 5 any thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be (bed, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the ^general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuiied, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LIX.

An act to provide that the proceedings on the billy now depending it parliament, for inflicting certain pains and penalties on fir Thomas Rum bo Id, baronet, and Peter Perring, esquire, for certain breaches of publick trust, and high crimes and mifde» meanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the offices of governor and president, counsellors, and members of the select committee of the settlement of Fort Saint George, on the coast of Coromandel, in the East Indics% shall not be discontinued by any prorogation or of

WHEREAS a bill is depending in the house of, «-

tituled, A bill for inflicting certain pains and penalties on fir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter, esquire, for

certain breaches of publick trust, and high crimes and mifdc-meanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the offices of governor and president, counsellors and members of the select committee of the settlement of Fort Saint 00

the coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies: and whereas, on account of the present late period of the session, and of the great body of evidences adduced in support ofy and against the truth of the allege*

a

Anno vicesimo testio Georgii III. i 313

lions in the billy At is probable the parliament may be prorogued

before the said billy under the above cir can be properly einfidtred: and whereas it is highly expedient for the publick that the said bill should be proceeded on as early as possible in the next session of parliament; may h therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a Hem bled, and by the authority of the same, That the The proceed-prpceedings on the said bill now depending in the house of com- ings on the moos, intituled, A bill for inf ixing certain pains and penalties on rcc,ted hill > Thomas Rumbold\, bar,9et, and Peter Perring, esquire, for "°"°ub;/,£ certain breaches of publick trufy and high crimes and mtfdetneanorsy prorogation

committed by them whilst they respectively held the offices of or dissolution

euid presidenty counsellorsy and members of the committee of the of parliament.

settle mint of Fort Saint George, on the of Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any prorogation or dissolution of parliament; but the said bill may be proceeded on in the next session of parliament in such and the same manner as could or might have been in case the present session of parliament had been continued, and no prorogation or diflblu-tion of parliament had happened or taken place.

CAP. LX.

An act for further tontinuing so much of an 7, passed in the -second year of the reign of his present Majesty, An act

for restraining fir Thomas Rumboldybaronet, and

esquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering their estates and effedb, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame, as relates to refraining the said fir Thomas Rumbold, baronety and Peter Perring, esquire y from alienating or otherwise disposing their real estates.

w

HER EA S an act was passed in this session of parliament, for continuing an act, passed in the twenty-second year Recital ofc. $. of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for - of the present

fnf jir Thomas Rumbojd, baronety and Peter Perring, esquire, session, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering their estates and effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame: and whereas, by virtue of the said recited act, tlyqsaid act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his -

fieri Majesty, is to have continuancey and be in forcey until the end eqf the present session of parliament, and no longer: and whereas a

bill for infilling certain pains and penalties on the said fir Thomas

Jtainbold, baronety and Peter Perring, for certain breaches

of publick trusty and high crimes and, committed by them whilst they respectively held the offices of governor and presidenty chunfellors and members of the select committee of the feitlement of Voi. XXXII. Y Fort

3*4

Part of i*

Geo. 3. c. 54. continued until Feb. ij 1784.

[Publick act.]

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61

Fort Sainf George, on the coast ^Coromandel, i* East In-

dies, isftill depending in parliament, and it is therefore expedient that the said aft, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, which, by virtue of the said netted will have

continuance, and be in force, only until the end of the present feffie*

of parliament, should he in part further, iff order, end to

the intent, the real ejlaies of them, the said fir Thomas Rum-

bold, baronet, Peter Perring, esquire, may he secured fa as to

anfvjer and be liable to justice in parliament: may it therefore pkafe your Majesty that it may be enacted 3 and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and coo-sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, so much of the above-mentioned act, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for refraining fir Thomas Rumbold, and Peter Per-

ring, esquire9 from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time 1

and for discovering their efiates and efftfts^ and preventing the trans

porting or alienating the fame, as relates to retraining the said fir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perking, esquire, from

alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real estates, shall, and is hereby declared to have continuance, and be m force, from the expiration of the term limited by the said receited act passed in this section of parliament, until the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXI.

An act for vesting in Henry earl of Pembroke, his heirs and assigns, for ever, the fee-Ample and inheritance of the hundred of Kynwardfton, and certain lands and hereditaments in the parishes of Great Bedwyn and Burbage, in the county of Wilts; and for settling other lands aid hereditaments in lieu thereof to the same uses.

Recital of letters patent of 6 Ed w. 6. dated May 7. whereby the hundred «of Kynwardfton, with lands, See, in the parishes of Great Bedwyn and, Burbage, in the county of Wilts, were granted to William first earl Pembroke, in tail male, to be held of the crown, in chief, by knight*' service. The before-mentioned hundred, lands, &c. situated in Great Bedwyn and Burbage, \ elted in the earl of Pembroke, his heirs, in fee, discharged from all claim of the crown in refbeft thereof. Other manors, &c. vetted in the heirs male of William the-first earl of Pea* broke, with the ultimate remainder thereof to his Majesty. General saving.

*7*3*3 Anno vicesimo tertio GAoblgxi lit. c. 6il

3fS

CAP. LXII.

An off for granting to his Majesty Jiamp-duty licences to bi

Soke* out by certain perfous uttering or vending; and

certain /lamp-duties on ill medicines fold under such licences^ or under tie authority of his Mafafifs Utters

Most gracious Sovereign*

WE, your Majesty's 'most dutiful and loyal subject the FWaifcWe* commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, to- "

wards railing the necessary supplies which we have granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have voluntarily re-Jolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly belbech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent tnajedy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From Sept., from and after the nrd day of September, one thousand seven 1certain hundred and eighty-three, there mail be charged, levied, and are

paid unto and for the use of his majesty, his heirs and succes- to take out a fors, the several rates and duties following; that is to say, 411 licence an-persons (except such as have served a regular, apprenticed^ to nua,1F for any surgeon, apothecary, druggtd, or chymid, or such as shall that P^P0^ have kept a (hop for the space of three years before the passing of this act, for the vending of drugs or medicines only, (not being drugs or medicines sold by virtue of his Majesty's letters patent) uttering or vending medicines in Great, shall

annually take out a licence for that purpose, in manner herein- in

after prescribed: within "th=r

distance of

And where the persons, so uttering or vending drugs or me- the penny dicines, (had reside within the cities of London and, P°ft*to P*F

or within the didance of the penny pod, on every such licence

there shall be charged a damp-duty of twenty shillings: part Great

And where the persons uttering or vending drugs or medi- Britain, 5s. cines shall reside in any other part of Great, there shall persons felling

be charged on every such licence a damp-duty of live (hil- medicines un* ' lings: der such li-

Upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other indofure, J^"cav9* of any medicine under the price or value of two shillings and every box, sixpence, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any per- &c. under son or persons taking out such licences, or by any person or per- »* a Tons under the authority of his Majesty's letters patent, there fiamP‘duty shall be charged a damp-duty of three-pence: For every

Upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other inclosure, box, botrle, of any medicine of the price or value of two shillings and fix- &c* of pence, and under the price or value of five shillings, which shall a*,u$dfand he uttered, vended, or fold, by any person or persons taking out *der ‘5, a

Y a such duty of 6 d.

ji6 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 62. [1783.

such licences, or by any person or persons under the authority of his Majesty's letters patent, there shall be charged a stamp duty of sixpence:

For every Upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other inclosure, box, botd* of any medicine of the price or value of five shilling's and up* value of ». warc*s> which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by persons tak-a duty otis. tng out such licences, or by any persons under the authority of his Majesty's letters patent, there shall be chtfged a stamp duty of one shilling.

Notjo extend

IL. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contain-to fu»geons ot C(J shaft extend to any person or persons vending any drugs or armnaVy of mecficine$, who shall have served as a surgeon in the navy or r y* army, under any commission or appointment, where the fame

. (half have been duly entered at the war office or navy office.

Duties to be

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and under the more effectual levying and coliefling all the said duties herdin-^ommif-nt before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, (loners of and management, of the commissioners for the time being ap-(tamp-duties, pointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part or them, are’hereby required and impowered to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to alloyv such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and tp provide and use such (lamps to denote the said several duties, as shall be requl-(ite in that behalf, and tp do all other"* things necessary to be done for putting this a<5l in execution, with relation to the said rates and duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the1 major part of them* are or

is authorized to put in execution any former law concerning r stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

From Sept. i,

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first 1783. unqua- day Gf September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, feinng'medi- n0 Per n whatsoevej*, required by this act to be licensed, shall, cine* without unless he or she be licensed in manner herein after prescribed, a licence, shall utter, vend, or fell, any medicine in Great, upon pain

torteit to forfeit, for every offence, the sum of five,pounds, to be re-

covered and applied as herein after is directed.

_ Any two of V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pa(T-' the commi f- ing of this act, any two or more of his Majesty's commissioners ilani1)! nfa appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps on vellum, grant licences, parchment, or paper, or some person duly authorized by them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall apply for the fame, to fell medicines in any efty, town, or other place, within Great Britain, for the space of one year, to commence from the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, upen all licences to be granted on or before that day, and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said first day of Septe^ber^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-tluee, to commence from the day of the date of every such licence;.and all and every person and persons, i

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 317

Tons, who shall take out such licence for fellifrig medicines, shall Licences to be take out a fresh licence for another year, ten days at the leaf! renewed 10 before the expiration of that year for which he or she shall be fncy cxpfrl so licensed, if he or she shall continue to fell medicines; and yc # shall in like manner renew such licence, from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for the (lamps on such licences, as long as he or she shall continue to fell medicines.

VI. Andy in order 4o secure the duty hereby, be it farther

enabled. That every person making, uttering, or vending such Venders of medicines, shall send to the commissioners of (lamps, or to medicines to their officers appointed by them for that purpose, paper covers, to*? or wrappers, or labels, made for inclosing such medicines, with office*to be* his, hw, or their name or names, and any other particular damped j word or thing printed thereon, to denote the value at which the fame is intended to be sold, in such manner and form as the said commissioners shall direct, in order that the fame may be stamped with the several and respective duties hereby directed to be imposed, and delivered again, from rime to time, to such maker, or vender, as occasion shall require; and every box, and to cover packet, bottle, or phial, or any other inclosure of medicine, their boxes, uttered, vended, or fold, by any person or persons taking out the licence required by this act, or that shall be uttered, vend- sioners shalf ed, or fold, by or for any person or persons under the authority dirtft. of any letters patent, shall be covered, wrapped ujf, or inclosed with such mark or device, and in such manner as the commissioners of his Majesty's damp-duties shall from time to time dire#.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Penalty on Tons shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to sale, any box, packet, feMng, or exbottle, or phial, or any other inclosure of medicine, subject to an^ucl^irje-' the stamp-duties hereby imposed, unless the cover, wrapper, or duine^winfr label hereby directed to inclose, or to be affixed to the same, out ^proper shall be marked, (ealed, and stamped, as by this act is directed, C0Vcr* 51*

or shall be inclosed in any cover or wrapper, or shall have any label affixed thereto, marked or stamped with a (lamp or mark of less denomination or value than by this act is directed, all and every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every box,-packet, bottle, or phial, or other inclosure of such medicine so uttered, fold, or exposed to sale, the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

VIII. Andy to prevent the fealy mark, hereby directed to be ufedy which has inclosed any medicine, from being made use of again for inclosing other medicines, the box,

or other inclosure whereof is hereby directed to be be it

coadled. That if any person or persons shall fraudulently cut, Penalty on tear, or take off, any mark, seal, or (lamp, in respect whereof, making use of or whereby any duties are hereby payable on any box, packet, damped cobottle, or phial, or other inclosure of any medicine; or shall than once fraudulently inclose any box, packet, bottle, or phial of medi- &c. sol. cine, in any paper so sealed and stamped as aforesaid, the fame

Y 3 having

3*8 Anno vicesimo Urtio Georgii III. c. 6a- [1783.

having been once iqade oft of for the purpose aforesaid > or if any person or persons shall hereafter fell, utter, or expose 10 sale, any box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other inelofure of me* dicine liable to any of the duties hereby charged, the fame not being at the time of such felling, murine, or expo£og to falc, inclosed in some cover, Wrapper, or label, actually damped by this act is directed $ then so often, and in every such case, all and every person and persons so offending in any of the particulars before-mentioned, shall forfeit the fom of tea pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed,

IX. And* to prevent perfem so Uttqfed as fyem filing

and buying any covers, wrapperand labels* which have

made use of for denoting any of the duties by this a#

Any person preventing such frauds* be it enacted, That if any person shall, Who shall buy from and after the passing of this act, fell or buy any such coven ver’ wraPPer> or label, in order to be again made use of for the

for inclosing iiwdofing any box, packet, battle, or phial, or other indofttrc of nedicines medicine, liable to the duty hereby imposed, every such per-more than son so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit (be feat forfeit 101 °F ten pounds, to be recovered and applied M berets-alter is

directed.

Either buyer X. Provided always, and be it toadied, That if either the or feller may buyer or Feller of any such cover, wrapper, or label, fbaUin* {he°other,aand ^Qr(n‘ against the other party concerned in buying or (idling such bt himself in- cover, wrapper, oc label, the party so offending shall be indemnified. mitted to give evidence agamfe the party informed agafoft, and shall be indemnified from the penalties by him or her incurred. 1 / ‘ "

Person* coun-

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any person flntt terfeiting counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited 01 forged, marks*to any ^?mP> or mark, directed oc allowed to be used by

fuflfer death this act, or shall counterfeit qr resemble ttoq iraprefiton of tfo

as felons: fame, with ah intent todefraud his Majesty, his heirsor successors of any of the said duties; or shall privately or fraudulently use any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this b<5f, With intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offend* ing, and being thereof lawfully convicted, jhaif be adjudged19 felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

penalties how

XII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penaWw to be divided, hereby imposed /hall’ be divided and diffnbuted in manner following; that is to say, one moiety thereof shall be paid to W* Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with foil costs of fuin, to such person and persons as shall inform and sue for the fame, in any of his Majesty's courts d Westminster* for offences committed in England* Wales* ot Berwick upon Tweed* and in his Majesty's court of session, court of justiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland* for offences computed there, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or ioforoMdp,

17*3.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63. 319

therein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of Jaw, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several rates and Duties to be duties herein-before granted shall be paid from time to time P*id to the into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the

duties on Ramped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall STmp^duties, keep a separate and diRinlt account of the several rates and du- and by him ties, and pay the lame (the necessary charges of raising, paying, p^d into the and accounting for the fame, being deducted) into the receipt cx-toc<luer-of the exchequer, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned, at such time and in such manner as any former duties on Ramped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be pro- Auditor to vided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of keep at fepa-exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising r*te account from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said re-

ceipt as aforesaid shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money. Application so'paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, of the duties, together with such other rates and duties as shall be granted by any act or acts of this section of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment 4f the several annuities, and all such other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of ties, and for establishing a lottery.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Persons sued fons shall at any time be sued, moleRed, or prosecuted, for any for ex?cuting> thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this a or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such per- issue,

ion and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give -

the special matter in eviderfee for his or their defence; and if and fhdl be upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defend- entitled to ants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble coRs awarded to trim or theovagainR such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon coaches, and other carriages therein

MoR gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, do humbly present your Majesty with the free gift of the further rate herein after mentioned \ and do

Y 4 beseech

j20 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63. [1783.

beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it eoa&ed by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of From Aug. v, the fame. That, from and after the first day of one

1781, the thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there shall be raised,

dhfiona?duty ^ev*ed> collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of to be paid to Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and his &$ajtity; successors, the additional rate and duty following; (that is Vl*- to say,)

For every Every four-wheeled chaise, or other machine commonly call-stage c°aeh, e(j j Diligence, or Post-coach and every coach, berlin, landau, four-wheeled chariot, calalh with four wheels, chaise-marine, chaise with maetnpe, em- four wheels, or other machine, by what name soever the lame ployed in car- now is or hereafter shall be called qr known, to be employed as jying patten-public^ stage coaches or carriages, for the purpose of conveying

one halfpenny pa(Tcng?rs for hire, to and from one place to another in the

for every mile kingdom of Great Britain, shall be charged with an additional fupb carriage duty of one halfpenny for every mile such carriages (hpll travel, shall travel, to be paid by the pwnprs thereof* ' ‘

To be under

II. And be it further ensued. That, for the better and more the manage- ^ffectual levying and collecting the said additional duty herein-miffi »acK°for before granted, the same shall be under the government, care,

Stamps. 3nd management of the commifl|oriers, for the time being, appointed to manage the duties charged on starhped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required to dq all things necessary to be done for putting this act into execution, in as ample a manner as they are authorized to put into execution any law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

At! powers.

III. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, distribuuo.iof articles, clauses, d‘^f‘hution of penalties and forfeitures, and forfeitures," ot^cr matters and things prescribed or appointed by an act &c. appointed made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, by 10 Geo. intituled, /fn at7 for repealing an act, made in the pur if

c 51. shall be the reign of his present M, An act for granting to relation to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all per-

this tons Ict^ng horses to h}re, fof travelling in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on all horses let to hire for the purposes of travelling post, and by time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned and for granting other duties in lit* thereof; shall be of full force and effect, with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing she said additional ra<e and duty hereby imposed, accordingly the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been hereby enacted wit}*, relation tq the said additional rate and duty

Jxcieby imposed.

IV. An

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64. 321

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said additional rate The duty to *nd duty herein-before granted, shall be paid, from time t0raJ^to?e time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being neraTot88" of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who stamp duties, shall keep a separate and distindfc account of the said additional and by him duty, and pay the same (the necessary charges of railing, pay- paid into the ing, and accounting for the fame, being deduced) into the re- cxc e<lucr* ceipt of the exchequer, at such time, and ii\ such manner, as the duties now charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and in the office of the auditor Auditor to of the said receipt, there shall be provided and kept a book or enter the books, in which all the monies arising from the said duty, and Jame f«parate paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate {£0^ ot W and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the Application said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as afore- thereof, said, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and hU such other charges and expences, as are directed to be paid and payable by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money way of -

mines, and for establishing a lottery.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for taking away from the commissioners of, in England and Scotland, the power of compounding with persons making malt not to fell, but to be consumed in their own private

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by the severalstatutes now in force for imposing

duties upon all malt made in Great Britain, the commissioners ef excise, or other persons by them respectively appointed for that

pose, are authorized to compound and agree with such persons as shall make malt not to fell or make profit theiecf \but to be consumed in

their own private families only, at a certain rate or payment for every head, which, at any time or limes, during the continuance of

fieeb compofuiony shall be of the family of such persons, as

in and by the said fatutes is particularly and required: and

whereas great frauds have been, and are now frequently practised by means of such compositions, and great quantities of malt have been privately fold and disposed of by such compound, to the manifeji

jury of the revenue, and of the fair trad5 for remedy thereof,

be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by 3nd with she advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common's, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of, Fr(>m Aug. 1, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, all the powers 1783, all com. and authority to the commissioners of excise, or other persons, position*, for by all or any of the said acts, given to compound and agree priva"^ with any person or persons for the duties on malt by any such famiiic«, shall persons made or to be made, shall cease and determine; any cease. thing in any of the said statutes, or in either of them, to the contrary thereof id any wise notwithstanding.

cers.

3*$ Anno vicesimo tertto Georgii III. fc, [1783.

II. And it is hereby further ent&ed by the authority afore-Compound- said, That all and every person and persons, who hath or have *rs, on or be- already made composition or agreement for the duties of the fore Aug. »o# mait by them respectively made, or to be made, in pursuance

entnw ofaH a<^s» or any °* otl or before the tenth

malt they day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, were poftOed make true and particular entries of all such malt as they, pr any °f®5 ^ug. I. of them, or any other person or persons in trust for them^ or of rahand'all any r^ecn> were possessed of on the first day of August one such unemer- thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or had in his or their ed malt. custody or possession, at the office of excise within the limits of which they shall respectively inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and affo aJJ the malt of which no such entry Hull be made; and within six days after he, she, or they, (half have made, or ought to have made, such entry as aforesaid, shall pay down for the said malt, the several duties charge-" able upon malt, or, in default thereof, shall forfeit and Jose double the value of the said matt; and that the houses, out-Houses, kc. houses, and other places belonging to such compounders, from of compound- and after the said first day of, one thousand seven hun-er*, after dred and eighty-three, shall, and are hereby made liable to the to^rvey of ^urvey of the officers for the duties on malt, in the fame man-proper offi- tier, and under the same rules, and under the fame fines and penalties for refusal, as persons making matt for sale are liable.

III. And whereas it may have in

powers by the said before‘recited the

by the cmmifftonen of excise for that pterpose, ftnce the third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-thetiy have made or renewed compofitifor the duties on malt with -fins applying to make or renew fuen companions, and the payable for the fame may have been received by such officers: now, t» prevent all confusion, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such compositions as shall have been so made, renewed, or agreed to be made, since the said twenty-third day af newed since June9 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be, tobe\oid. are ^cre^y declared null and void; and all such fume ef money as shall have been received by the said officers fromibe persons so making of renewing their compositions as aforetiud* shal), and the same are hereby directed and required to be turned to the person and persons respectively who shall have paid the fame; any thing in the said former acts to the contrary x in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That al] fines, penaltes, and forfeitures, in relation to the said duties upon the malt stock in hand, shall be sued for, levied* and recovered, or mitigated by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by a&ioa of dc\fy bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or io the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively \ and that one moiety of every such fine

penalty

Compcfitont made or renewed iince

Penalties and forfeitures to be levted and recovered, kc. in the fame inanner as those under former lava of excise.

1783.] Anno Vicefim© tcrdo Georgii III. c. 65,323

penalty, and forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and ucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall dif-:over, inform, or sue for the feme.

CAP. LXV.

An act for repealing an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for vesting the fort of Senegal, and it* dependencies, in the company of merchants trading * toAmca;" and to vest as well the said fort and ita dependencies, as allottwr the British forts and settlements upon the coast of Africa, lying between the port of Satke and Cape Rouge, together with all the property, estate, and effect of the company of merchants trading to Africa, ft> or upon the find forts, fetdements, and their dependencies, in W* Majesty: and for leaning, extending, and improving the trade to Africa; and for vesting James Fort, in the river Gambia, and its dependencies, and all other the British forts and settlements between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the company of merchants trading to Africa; and for fee tiring and regalating the trade to Africa.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon

gens, warns, carts, and other fttcb carriages, charged with any

duty under the management of the com

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present porbemeaf assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From Nov. x, from and after the first day of November, one thbufend seven 1783* thefol-buBdred and eighty-three, there shall be raHed, levied, collect- lowing duties ed, ad paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the feve- vi*., rat ratee and duties following; (that is to fey,}

That every person who shall keep any waggon, wain, cart. For every or other such carriage, with three or four wheels, (except such waggon, wain, carriages as are now charged with any duty under the manage- or

ment of foe commissioners of excise,) shall yield and (Say an- not

nvally the firm of foor shillings for every such waggon, wain, charged with tart, or Other fcch carriage as aforesaid, which shall be expressed a duty) 4s. in a licence for fhqrt purpose: P«r ann-

And that every person who shall keep any cart or other car- For carts, ffege, with two wheels, (except such carriages as are now and other * ' charged two-wheeled

3H

carriages, (except those already charged) as. per ann. j No person to pay for more than one such carnage era-ployed in agriculture ' only, nor more than three for any i other pur-pdfe; except carriages employed for hire.

Not to extend to carts, or other two-wheeled carriages, employed in agriculture only. Not to extend to one horse peat carts.

Carriages employed in carrying arms, ammunition, &c. for soldiers, or marines, not deemed working for hire.

Duties to be under the management of commissioners of statnp duties.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1783.

charged with any duty under the management of the comnttf* sioners of excise,) shall yield and pay annually the fam of two shillings for every such cart or other carriage, which shall be expressed in a licence for that purpose.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be obliged to pay the said yearly sum of (bar shillings for more than one such carriage employed in agriculture only, nor for more than three such carriages employed for any other purpose, on which the said duty of four shillings is hereby charged, where such waggons, wains, or other such carriages, are kept by or for him or her, for his or her own uf: only, and shall not be used for the carriage of any goods, wares, or merchandise, for hire, or be let out for hire.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this a<5l contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the duty hereby imposed, any cart or other carriage with two wheels, employed in agriculture only, and not employed in parks or pleasure ground, or used for the carriage of any goods, wares, or merchandize, for hire, or let but for hire. v*

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to cans with two wheels drawn by one horse only, and employed only for the carriage of peats or turf for fuel, and not let out ft* hire.

V. And be it enacted, That in case any waggon, or other carriage, shall be pressed for the purpose of conveying any arms, ammunition, or other baggage, under and by virtue of any Law for preventing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and (heir quarters, or for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore, and the owner thereof shall be paid for such carriage, the same shall not be deemed to be a working for hire within the intent and meaning of this act.

VI. And, for the better and more effectual, toilet-

ing y and payings the said rates and duties herein before granted, be it enacted, That the same shall be under the government, care, and management of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as shall be necessary, and to provide and use such marks or (lamps as they shall think fit to denote the duty, and to repair, renew, or alter the fame, from time to time, as there shall be occasion; and to do all othjer acts, matters, and things neceflar.y to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said rates and duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major

part

325

783-3 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. art of them, are authorized to put in execution any of the aws now in being concerning damped vellum, parchment, and taper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every period Persons living nd persons who, from and after the said first day of, in London, or

me

or

within the

.___thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall have

teep any waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage hereby directed JJ^ji :o be licensed, for his, her, or their own use, or the use of any tice, at the person of or for whom he, she, or they, is, are, or shall be stamp-office, :otnmittees, trustees, or guardians, if living in London, of thenum-

mtnfter, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, eon», &cf" shall, within thirty days after the said first day of, they keep*

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or within twenty days after he or she shall beem to keep such waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, and from time to time within twenty days after beginning to keep any other such carriage or carriages respectively, not being in the place or (bead of the former, givfe; notice in writing, at the head office in London for stamping and marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, of his, her, or their keeping the fame, and of the number of the waggons, wains^ carts, or other carriages, so by him, her, or them respectively kept as aforesaid, and of the parish or place where he, (he, o they respectively reside; and shall at the Tame time pay down the respective annual rates and duties so im poled‘as aforesaid for keeping the fame. -

VIII. And be it further enacted, That aff and every person Persons re-and persons who, from and after she said first day of November, fid»ng in any one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall keep *nyS|jfr waggon, wain, cart,6r other Carriage, hereby directed to be U- to give like1* censed, for his or her own use, or for the use of any person of norite, tcLtftfc or for whom he, she, or they shall be committees, trustees, or p«>per officer guardians, in any other part of Great B,shall, Within sixty !£*? ne]gh~’ days after the lard first day of November, one thousand seven Ur 100 hundred and eighty-three, or within twenty days after he, (he,

or they shall begin to keep such waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, and from time to time within twenty days after beginning to keep any other such carriage or carriages respectively, not being in the place of stead of the former, give notice in writing to the proper officer appointed by the said commissioners for that purpose, residing next to the place where such person or persons, for whose use the same shall be so kept, shall respectively inhabit, of his, her, or their keeping the fame, and of the number of the waggons, wains, carts, or other carriages, so by him or them respectively kept as aforesaid, and of the parish or place where he, she, or they respectively reside; and shall at the same time pay down the respective annual rates and duties so imposed as aforesaid for the keeping the fame. notices

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and.aforesaid to persons who shall give, or be obliged to give such notice as be given, and aforesaid, is and are hereby required, at or within twenty days Pay*"ent after the expiration of twelve calendar months after the times oVforfd.*

of tur« of 51.

3 i6 ' Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. [i

of giving or being obliged to give such first notice* to dnnoti

frern notice in manner aforesaid, and pay down the annual rates add duties above mentioned* according to the ber of waggons, wains* carts* or other carriages* 6> by hiflfc her* or them respectively then kept* and in the fame roanm to renew such notice, and make such payment* from yeas t year* as long as he, (he* or they shall so keep any such ages 5 and if any person or persons shall so keep any such v gon* wain* cart* or other carriage as aforesaid* without gi such first or other ndtice* and making such payments yearly manner aforesaid* he* (he* or they shall respectively forfeit s lose the sum of five pounds for each offence.

X. Provided always, and be it further eqa&ed* That no fi person as aforesaid shall be compelled to travel* for the matin such entry, or the payment of the said duties* or other whatsoever* touching or concerning the same* if he or she liv in a market town* out of the said town* or if he or she live of a market town* then to no other place than to the auric town neared to his or her habitation.

XI. And be it further enacted, That* upon t&e payment the said several rates and duties* so hereby granted* at the fai head office of damps in London, or to the respective officers ii the country* a licence shall be given to every person so payin such respective rates and duties; which licence shall contain tL number of such waggons* wains, carts* or other carriage^ respectively entered* the sum paid for the same* and the for which such licence shall be granted.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all prosecutions ft) the recovery of the duties hereby granted* as ahb for all fqrfei

neighbouring tures and offences made and committed against this act* (ha jugfee; be heard and determined by any judice of the peace refidin near to the place where such forfeiture shall be made* or offisne but appeal committed; and if the party finds himself aggrieved by ihl may be made judgement of any such judice* he shall and may appeal to tfc tertbe quarter jgjtjggg of the peace at the next quarter sessions* who are hereb authorized and impowered to near and determine the (anw and their judgement therein shall be final: and every such ji tice is hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required, up on complaint or information exhibited and brought of any fotv feiture incurred* or offence committed contrary to this act* t fumraon the party accused, and upon his appearance* or rtfutf or neslelt to appear* to proceed to the examination of the matter of fad j and upon due proof made thereof* either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, to give judgement thereupon* and to award and issue out warrants under his hand for the levying of such forfeiture and penalty upon the goods and chattels of the offender* and to cause fate to be made of the said goods and chattels* if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen days* rendering to the party the overplus* if any.

XIII. Provided nevertheless* and be it further enacted, That

a it

Not obliged to go further than the next market town to make payment* Sec,

Upon payment of the duties* a licence Shall be given.

nwcc®non» to be determined by a

7*3.] Anno vicesimo tertio GboROU III. c. 327

t shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he Justicewap hall fee caofe, to mitigate or lessen an y such forfeiture or pe- P* laity as he shall think fit; reasonable costs to the officers and n tttl* infonners being always allowed over and above such mitiga- ' don, and so that such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the coils.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Offences cog* bill, plaint, or information, shall be brought or sued forth in

any of his Majesty's courts of record at, for any Jt" ^pj-ofe-

offence against this act, touching or concerning the duties here- cuted in the by granted for or upon any waggons, wains, or carts, in cases courts at where such offences are cognizable by any justice or justices of Westminster. thcpeace.

XV. Provided allb, and be it further enacted, That no writ Writs of ctr-or writs of certiorari shall supersede execution, or other proceed- not to ings, upon any order or orders made in pursuance of this act; SSiwun^" but execution and other proceedings shall and may be had and der this aaT made thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all forfeitures Distribution and penalties mentioned in this a 6t(all necessary charges for of forfeitures, the recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person and persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Clause rela-every case, where the duty or duties required by this a&t to be tive to nay-paid by any person chargeable with the fame, shall be paid, and ?CDt5jdUV entry made as aforesaid, before any information laid of such

entry or payment not having been made, although not strictly within the time for that purpose mentioned, no person having made such payment and entry shall be prosecuted for not having made such payment and entry within the time limited by this act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if If any person any person, having made due entry and payment of the duty h*vi"S paJr for any waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, required by this die before the act to be licensed, according to the true intent and meaning en<j of the thereof, shall die before the end of the year for which such en- year, the be* try and payment shall be made; in every such case it shall be ?c<*tof£*,1| lawful for any person, claiming title tt> every such waggon, wain, {Jeenfoyed by cart, or other carriage, by, from, or under such deceased per- represen* Jon, to make use of such waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, tative.

for or in respect whereof such entry and duty shall have been made and paid as aforesaid, during the residue of the year for which such payment shall have been made, in like manner as such deceased person might have done if living.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several rates and Duties to be duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from time to time, paid to the into the hands of the receiver-general r the time being of the

duties 8

j*

328

ft amp-duties, and by him paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

Persont sued in execution of this act, may plead the general issue,

and shall be intitled to treble costs.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the said several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of railing, pay* ing, and accounting for the fame, being first deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment* and paper, are dire (fled to be paid: and in the office of me auditor of the said receipt there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expences, asaredi-rested to be paid and payable by an act of this present session of parliament, (intituled An act a certain sum of nmj

by way ofannuities, and for establishing a lottery.)

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any personorper* Tons shall, at any time or times, be sued, mofeded, or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any dause, matter, or thing therein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defend* ants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall becotrie nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a on the regiftn (J

burials, marriages, births, and

[Preamble.]

From Oct. x. 1783. the following duty to be paid to his Majesty; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising such supplies as are necessary to defray your Ma* jedy's publick expences, do humbly present your Majesty the grant of the new duty herein after mentioned; feech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there shall charged, levied, and paid unto and for the use of his Map?*

hie on/4 fiinr.flnrc n.ui /jniir fnl 1 rv iInrr ^shit U tO

1jtj.] Anno vicesimo terno Georgii III. c. 67. 329

Upon the entry of any burial, marriage, birth, or christen* Upon th^ en-ing, in the regider of any parish, precinct, or place in fry of every Britain, a stamp duty of three-pence.

burial, marriage, &c. 3 d.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more The duty to effectual levying and collecting the said duty herein-before be under the granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management management, of the commissioners for the time being appointed missioners of to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, stamps.

*tld paper j who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow fuen fabrics and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such stanfips, to denote the said duty, as shall be require in that behalf >_and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting thisaCl in execution, with relation to the said duty herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorized to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That every parson, vicar, or Penalty on

curatfe, or other person having authority to make entries of who^alfcn-burfalsv marriages, births, or chridenings, who shall, from and rer any burial, after the first day of Ofto&er,one thousand seven hundred and marriage, &c.

eighty-three, enter any burial, marriage, birth, or chridening, on undamped in the regider for any parish, precinct, or place, in Great - PaPcr*

tain% before the parchment, vellum, or paper, on which the entry of such regider shall be made, shall have been duly damped, as by this as is directed, every such parson, vicar, curare, or other person, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every parson, vicar, Parsons, &c.

Curate, or other person having authority to make the entry of impowered to any burial, marriage, birth, or chridening, is hereby veded un-

with full power and authority, previous to the making thereof dertaker, or" in the regider of any parish, precinct, or place in, persons mar-

to demand and receive from the undertaker, or other person em- &c. ployed in and about the funeral of any person so to be buried,

or from the parties married, or from the parent of the child whole birth or chridening is registered, or other person requiring the chridening of such child, the sum of three-pence: and anj *,f f^y if such undertaker, or other person, so employed in and about refute to pay such funeral, or if the parties so married, or the parent of the fame, they or 6ther person bringing the child, whose birth or chridening torleu 5l* shall be so required to be registered, shall neglect or refuse, on demand, to pay the said duty, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That the churchwardens and churchward-overseers of ev$ry parish, or one of them, shall, from time to en«, &c. to time, as occasion shall requird, provide one or more book or provide books books for the* registering of burials, marriages, births, and

gjo Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67. [1783.

entering.bu- christenings, with such stamps for each entry to be made there-rials, manri- in, as by this act is required; and shall pay. for such bobkur See,books, and the (lamps to be contained therein, out of the under their or his management, and shall, from time to tine, receive back the money, which shall be so paid, from the person authorized by this act to demand and receive the duty bothy imposed, on the entry of any burial, marriage, birth,.or Yhriftening; and in the case of extraparochial places, such bqok or books, with such (lamps as aforesaid, shall be provided, from time to time, by the person whose duty it shall be to make entries of burials, marriages, births, and christenings.

Entry may be Vf. Provided always, and be it further ehaded, That no made without parson, vicar, curate, or other person, shall be subject to any any stamps by t|,c penalties or forfeitures in this act mentioned, for entering, threl^commis- or causing to be entered, any burial, marriage, birth, or chritan-jfioners. See. ing, in any parish register, without any marks or stamps thereon inspection on, where a licence, under the hands of three of the com-the missioners for the time being appointed to £ut this act ©^duties. in execution, or some officer or officers by them impoweted, shall have been granted, signifying their or his leave or approbation that the entry of any burial, marriage, birth, or christening, to be written in such register may be therein written without any marks or stamps thereon; so as the person or persons, having the custody of such register, do, from time to time, when and as often as he or they shall be thereto required, permit the said commissioners, or any of them,.or any officer or agent by them, or the major part of them, for that purpose appointed, to inspect and view such register; and do also, from time to time, when and as often as he or they shall be thereto required by the said commissioners, or the major part of the®, or any other by them, or the major part of them, authorized, pay unto the receiver-general for the time being of the said duties, or such other officer or person as the said commissionen, or the major part of them, shall appoint to receive the same, all such sum and sums of money which, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, ought to be paid in respect of all and every such entry and entries as shall be written in such register; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not' ' withstanding.

Notlo extend

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing to burials, &c. herein contained shall extend to charge the ently in any panto pitaJ, &c! ° reS*fter of the burial of any person who shall be burial fa® any workhouse or hospital, or at the foie expence of any charity* nor the entry in-any parish register of the birth or christening of any child whose parents shall receive, at the time of the birth or chrjftcmng of such child, any parish relief.

Puf toexteid

VIII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That the 10 qu.nkeis* provisions of this act, with respect to the register of births, bu* rials, and marriages, shall extend to the people called and that the registers of births, burials, and marriages, no# kept by them, shall be subject and liable to the (tamp-dim*5 hereby imposed upon the registers of births, burials, marriage5*

1^83.] Anno vkfefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67.' 331

and christenings’j any thing herein, or in any other law, toil* tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver-general An allowance of the stamp-duties at the head office, and the head distributors of of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or other person or to°par* persons duly appointed by the major part of the said comm if- font, &c.Vor sioners of stamp-duties to receive the duty by this act imposed, their trouble* shall make an allowance to every parson, vicar, curate, or other person receiving the said duty, as a recompence for his trouble in accounting for the fame, at and after the rate of two shillings in the pound, out of the monies by them regularly accounted for, and paid to such receiver-general or head distributor, or fucti other person or persons as aforesaid, according to the directions herein*before contained.

X. And be it further enacted, That all prosecutions for Prdfecutfetai recoveij of the duties hereby granted, as also for all forfeitures for recover and offences made and committed against this act, shall be °0 bedrter* heard and determined by any justice of the peace redding near mined by a to the place where such forfeiture shall be made or offence com* neighbouring mitted; and if the party finds himself aggrieved by the judge- j"stice» merit of any such justice, he shall and may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter sessions, who are hereby autho- to the quarter rraed and impowered to hear and determine the fame, and session*. their judgement therein shall be final: and every such justice is hereby authorized, and strictly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information exhibited and brought for any forfeiture incurred, or offence committed contrary to this act, to summon the party accused, and upon his appearance, or refusal or neglect to appear, to proceed to the examination of the matter of Fact; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more

witness or witnesse*, to give judgement thereupon, and tb award and issue out warrants under his hand for the levying such forfeiture or penalty upon the goods and chattels of the offender; and to-cause sale to be made of the said goods and chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, v That may it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he mitigate pc* shall fee cause, to mitigate or lessen any such forfeiture or pe- naltiei. nalty as he shall think fit, reasonable costs to the officers and informers being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so that such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to \

left than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the costs.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all forfeitures DifWbtitloti and penalties mentioned in this act (all necessary charges for of penalties, the recovery thereof being first deduced) shall be divided and drstribuetd, one moiety thereof to-and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successfors, and the other moiety to such person and persons who shall inform and sue for the lame.

Za XIII, And

33*

Receivers of the duties not disqualified as voters.

Duties to be paid to the receiver general of stamp-duties, and by him paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

Persons sued in execution of this act, may plead the general issue,

and shall be entitled to treble costs.

Anno vioeGmo tertio Georgii III. c. 68.

XIII. And be it farther enacted, That no person employed by virtue of this act in receiving or accounting for the dado hereby imposed, shall, merely in respect of this act, be difqnah-fied from voting at any election or elections of member* serve in parliament.* any law or statute to the contrary tfcraf notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the duties herefo-te fore granted shall be paid from time to time into the baritd the receiver-general for the time being of the duties 00 Qtmqi vellum, parchment* and paper, who shall keep a separnmi, distinct account of the duties, and pay the same (theme^ charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the fame, bag deducted).into the receipt of the exchequer, at such timej af in such manner, as the duties now charged on damped vdlon, parchment, and paper,'are directed to be paid; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, there shall be puxifai and kfept a book or books, in which all the monies arifieglw the said duties, 'and paid into the said receipt as

be entered, separate and apart from all other monies paai or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon ayx* count whatsoever: and the said money, so to be paid intoAi laid receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund fat A* payment of the several annuities, and all such other cbtigflirf expences, as are directed to be paid and payable purfoaot tm act of this present session of parliament, intituled An raising a certain sum of money by way. of annuities and for cftdifr

ing a lottery.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person mfb fons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or profeciA for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfartCMf this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein coottM inch person or persons, and bodies politick or corporat^M or may plead the general issue, and give the special iiitMti evidence for his or their defence; and if upon tfic trial awl# shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff* plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defontiifc shall have treble costs awarded to him or them a plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for appointing and enabling commissioners further to take, and date the publick accounts of the kingdom.

*0 Geo. 3. c. 54.. recited. *1 Geo. 3. c. 45. u Geo. 3. c. 50. Anguish, Arthur Piggott, Richard Neave, Samuel Beacbctofo j# Drummond, and William Roe, esquiret, or any three of themcM^w sioners appointed to examine and Irate the publidc accounts of dom. The recited acts to continue ill force after July it, 17S1. lfcjf missioner to hold a civil office of profit during pleafote under jesty. Any three of the commissioners to be sworn before the of the exchequer. See. The oath.

I A.I

1783.? Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69.'

[A* B. do swear. That, according to the best of xny (kill and know ledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly, execute the Several >oweft and trolls veiled in me by an act, intituled An act for appoint* a g and enabling commissioners further to examine, take, and Hate be publick accounts of the kingdom t according the tenor and purport

of the said »a.

rhe said three commissioners to ad minder the oath to the rest. Lords of be.treasury may pay a,ooool. to the order of the commissioners. Application thereof for parent of clerks, messengers, and other officers, and a defraying all other necessary charges, as the commissioners shall ap-riWt, Executors of accountants to attend commissioners and execute flehr orders. Continuance of this act, one year from July sa, 1783. and no eager.

333;

CAP. LXIX.

4n aftto enabU the adjutant general of his Majesty's the

emptrollers of army accounts, to send and receive Utters and pockets free from the duty of postage.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the fourth year of the reign

his present Majesty, ( intituled An act for preventing frauds of

tod abus$s in relation to the sending and receiving of letters Geo. j.

»nd packets free from the duty of postage,) it is enabled. c. 14.

*rom and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and hxty-four% so long as the revenue arising in the general letter ?r post- office, or office of post-master general, continue to be made

tort gf the aggregate fund, no letters or packets by the p<ft to, or rrom any place whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the duty of tojlage, except such letters and packets as are therein particularly ., ixcepted: and whereas the privilege of sending and receiving Utters vi3 packets, free from the duty of Postage, is not, by the said act, ex~

!ended to the adjutant general of his Maj forces for the time \eing, nor to the Comptrollers of army accounts for the time being, oho, by virtue of their respective offices, necessarily send and receive nany Utters and packets relating to the publi concerns of these kingdoms; anay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be en-i£led$ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty,

>y and with the advice and con sent of the lords spiritual and emporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, ind by the authority of the same, That, from and after the Adjutant ge-Jafling of this act, the said adjutant general of his Majesty's nera,» aBd orces for the time being, and the comptrollers of army ac- ^Trmy > counts for the time being, shall and may send and receive counts, may ettew and packets free from the duty of postage, in the fame fend and re-nanner, and under such restrictions, as other officers men- ceive letters ioned in the said act are thereby permitted, in respe<5l of^J^®"1 heir offices, to send and receive the same in pursuance of the kid act.

‘23

CAP.

334

[Preamble.]

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. [1783.

CAP. LXX.

fin act for the moreefjfeftual preventing the illegal importation sf

foreign /pints, and jor putting a flop to the private British made spirituous liquors’, for explaining such part tfthi aft, imposing a duty upon male servants, as relates to the if appeal from the justices of the; to amend and take in an act of the last session of parliament, with to tit removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts of; and for preventing vexatious actions again/ officers of wifi dfting in pursuance of the authority given by exci/e statutes.

WHEREAS the illegal importation of foreign spirits it greatly promoted by fictitious entries of forebovfes and otha places for keeping such liquors, made by evil-minded and indigent ptr-fons: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament from Sept. *0. assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from serf 9783.116 deal- after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven ^irituousir* hun.<?red an^ eighty-three, no feller, of, or dealer in, foreign quors, within (spirituous liquors, residing within the limits of the head office toe limits commissioners of excise in London,(not being a retailer thereof duly Iiceofed

theexcifeof- thereunto,) shall be permitted to make entry of any warehouse, fne^licensed ^orchou^ei room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, by bi®> mailer,) shall her* or them, intended to be made use of for the keepings make entry of foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or strong waters, unW* any ware- such feller or dealer, at the time of making such entry, shall oc* keepm^so- 3IM* in^a^lt a tenement or tenements of the yearly rtlue

reign spirits, of twelve pounds, or upwards, and for which he, (he, (or they, unless he be if palmers,) shall be assessed in his, her, or their own name of assessed for a names, and shall also pay to the parish rates and that ndfoch 1*1? per ann. Qr dea^r> residing in any other part of the kingdom where

bcc. these are rates to church and poor, shall be permitted to nwh

nor in apy ?ny such entry unless such feller or dealer shall be assessed and other part of pay to church and poor in the several parishes and places »n th* kingdom, which they shall respectively re fide j and that no entry of aty to church and ^arehouse, (lorehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other phet, for keeping of foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, orftroni waters, already mad? or hereafter to be made, as directed and required by the statutes in that case made and provided, w*1 be of any avail to any such feller or dealer (not being arc* trailer of spirituous liquors, and duly licensed thereto) not W qualified, or for any longer term than such feller or dealer,» making such entry, shall be qualified as aforesaid; and every

Serson (not being such retailer licensed as aforesaid) felling°for ealing in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, faints, or (h01^ waters, not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and1 taken to W fpUcis of and dealers in fpreigo brandy, arrack, rum, spirits,jn<* ftspnj waters, without enty,^ and (half h« subject to

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. 335

like penalties and forfeitures as fellerstof and dealers in brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, and strong waters, without entry, are,

, by the statutes in such case made and provided, now subject unto.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, N° enJy to

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of, twTrooms in

where any entry shall be made, by any feller of or dealer in the fame brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or strong waters, of any ware- house for house, ft ore house, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, £e*p»ng

for the keeping of foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or torei6n P10 *' strong waters, no other feller or dealer in such spirituous liquors, (not being a joint trader or partner with such feller or dealer,) however qualified, shall, on any pretence whatsoever, make entry of the fame, or of any other warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place whatsoever, within the same house or tenement in which the entry of any such v other feller or dealer shall then be existing; but every such feller or dealer making such further entry of the fame, or any other such warehouse, storehouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, in such fame house or tenement, shall, notwithstanding such further entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a feller of and dealer in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, and strong waters, without entry, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as fellers of and dealers in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, and strong waters, without entry, are now subject unto.

III. Andj the better to prevent foreign spirituous liquors> that 1

have been illegally imported into this kingd, being removed from the sea coajls into the flocks of entered dealers in those commodities) and of others, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of, Directions re-

no feller of 6r dealer in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or Jative to tak-streng waters, shall be allowed to take out more than one per- iatout Per* mit in one and the fame day to any one person whatsoever,

(except, as herein after is excepted,) which permit shall be reign spirit*. granted for the removal of no more than one cask, or other package, containing any foreign spirituous liquors' of one kind, or species; and if any more than one cask, or other package, of foreign spirituous liquors of one kind or species at one time, directed to one and the same person, (or persons, where there are two or more in joint trade or partnership, except as herein after is excepted,) shall be found removed or carried, or removing or carrying, from one place in this kingdom to any 'ether place, whether with or without permit, the fame, together with the vessels and boats, and the horses and other cattle, and the carriages employed in removing or carrying the fame,

shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall be construed

to prevent any dealer in foreign spirituous liquors from taking taken out and

? Z4 out.

23& Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. [ty8j.

casks Tent the out two or more permits, and, by virtue thereof, (ending two fame day, so or more casks, or other packages, containing foreign spintnous as each cask ijqUors of the fame kind and species, to the same person, in the a different ^amc day, so as cac^ ar,d every so°h cas^ or Package relpec-permit. Sec. tively shall be sent under different permits, and by different conveyances.

Not to pre- V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing vent dealers herein-before contained shall be construed to prevent any fetter (ending with of or dealer in foreign spirituous liquors, from fending with one

anynum- ant* ^amc P^111* onc an^ t^lc ^ame conveyance, aoy ber of casks " cumber of casks with any kind bf foreign spirituous liquors of 60 gallons therein, each such cask then containing sixty gallons, or up-each, See. wards, of foreign spirituous liquors of one and the fame kind or species.

Foreign fpi-

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, r f I 7thS>CS ^at any foreign spirituous liquors (not being in calks contain-

60 gallons? *nS sixty gallons, or upwards,) shall be found removing or car-found remov- rying from any one part of this kingdom to any other part there-ing at any of/ unless at such times as herein after mentioned; that is 10 tothisTa3^ ^rom the twenty-ninth day of September to the twenty-fifth shall befor- f^ay Marchyyearly, between the hours of seven in the morn-feited, with ing and five in the evening; and from the twenty-fifth day of the cattle and March to the twenty-ninth day of, yearly, between

carriages. the hours of five in the morning and (even in the evening, (except the fame is carrying by a known common fiage coach, waggon, or other stage carriage, which usually travels out of those hours,) all the said foreign spirituous liquors, and the package containing the fame, whether the fame be accompanied with or without a permit, and all the cattle and carriages made use of in the removing or conveying the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

Particulars to

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* he specified in That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day or

request notes when any feller of or dealer in foreign spirituous liquors, shall or permits. £nd a request aotc to any permit writer, requiring any permit or permits for the removal of any foreign spirituous liquors from his own dock into the (lock of any other person or persons, every such feller and dealer shall, and he is hereby requir* ed and directed to specify, in every such request note, as well

the quality or kind of foreign spirituous liquors, intended r°k removed with each permit, as also the contents of the case or other package containing the fame, and likewise whether the fame is to be removed by land or by water, and by what mode of conveyance the said cask, bottle, or other package respectively, is intended to be sent; and if any feller of or dealer in ‘ foreign spirituous liquors, shall neglect or refuse to specify, in every such request note, either the quality of the spirituous ii* quors intended to be Removed, or the contents of the case, bottle, or other package containing the fame; or by what carriage, or mode of conveyance, the same is intended to be to*

' every

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70.

every such request note and notes shall be null and void; tior.

shall any permit or permits be granted by any officer or permit writer thereon.

VIII. And whereas, for the better secur the

upon exciseable commodities, the dealers therein Jla~

tides now in forcey required to take out permits from the proper officers of excise,certifying that those duties have been paid, which

permits are to accompany fucbcommodities when removing from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof: and whereas great frauds have been committed by forging permits in imitation of those granted by such officersyand the penalties already provided to prevent

fitch forgeries are not sufficient to suppress so great an evil; for the more effectual preventing such practices, so manifestly tending to the ruin of the fair trader, and to the diminution of so material a branch of the revenue rf this kingdom* be it enacted by the authority afore laid. That the respective commissioners of excise Commission-in England and Scotland shall, on or before the said twenty- ers for Eng-ninth day of September, provide, or cause to be provided, land and Scot-moulds or frames for the making of paper to be used for per- laod>onorbe-mits, which paper shall have the words Excise office visible in ,°8e tom-o* the fubdance of such paper; and shall also provide, or cause vide moulds* to be provided, one or more plate or plates, engraved with for making of certain marks, damps, and dcv'ces, in manner as to them p?Pff*0 be shall seem meet, (which marks, (lamps, and devices, on the ^itt &c. 1*1" said plates, or any of them, may from time to time be varied or altered in such manner, and as often as the said commissioners for the time being respe&iyely shall think necessary), for the printing, (lamping, and marking the said paper; and all permits from thenceforth to be given or granted, by the respective officers for the several duties of excise and inland duties, for the removal of any exciseable commodity, shall be printed, damped, and marked by the said plate or plates on paper so made, with the words Excise office viGble in the fubdance there- 4

of5 which said paper shall be made, and the said plate or plates shall be engraven, by such person and persons respectively as are now, or hereafter shall be, appointed by the said commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, from time to time, under their respe<5live hands and deals, for those purposes 5 and as well the said paper (b made, as also the said plate or plates So engraved a^aforesak), shall be kept by such officer or officers as shall from time to time b6 appointed by the said commissioners, or the major part of them respectively, for keeping the fame: and the officer orofficers to be appoint- n0 permits to ed for printing permits, shall not print, (lamp, or mark any be granted on paper whereon any permit or permits shall be given or granted other pa-for the removal of any exciseable < commodity, but on^theP*1,4 per, so provided as aforesaid, and having the words Excise fee visible in the fubdance of such piper.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, All persont from and after the said twenty-ninth day of, if any who shall

person or persons whatsoever (not being authorized by the re- makf,an/

rPeaivem9Uld»&e*

338 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70.

[17*3;

for making spective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland so to aforesaidr ma^e* or cau^e or procure to be made, or shall know,

ore aia, ingly aid or assist in the making, or without being authorized or appointed as aforesaid, shall knowingly have in his, her, or their custody or possession, without lawful excuse, (the proof whereof shall lie on the person aceufed), any frame, mould,or instrument, fqr the making of paper with the words or assist in office visible in the substance of such paper; or shall make^ or i kcCh cau^c or Procure to mac*e» or knowingly aid or assist in the pape making, any paper, in the substance of which the words Exdft

office shall be visible; or if any person (except as before excepted) shall, by any art, my fiery, or contrivance, cause or procure the said words Excise office to appear visible in the fub-fiance of any paper whatever; or if any person or persons whatever (not being appointed as aforesaid) shall engrave, cast, cut, or make, or mall cause or procure to be engraven, cast, cot, or made, any plate or plates, or other thing, with any mark, (lamp, or device thereon, in imitation of, or to resemble any, mark, (lamp, or device, made and used by the direction of the

tmlefe ap-, said commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, re* the^omnuf- spe<^vcty> in manner as aforesaid, for the purpose of printing, sioners of ex- fUmping, and marking of the paper to be used for a permit eife, or permits, to accompany any exciseable commodity or commodities removing or removed from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, in pursuance of the directions of, shall suffer the several statutes requiring such permit; every person lb death at fe- offending, in any of the cases aforesaid, and being thereof ions. lawfully convicted, shall, for such offence, be deemed and

adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felon without benefit of clergy.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons conn- That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day or forfeiting per- any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or forge. mi *’ or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any permit for the re-

moval of any exciseable commodity from one part of thi* kingdom to any other part thereof, for the removal of which a permit or certificate is by any act or acts of parliament no* or giving or in force required 5 or if any person or persons shall knowingly receiving any or willingly give any false or untrue permit, or shall know-taUe permit, jngly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue permit with any such exciseable commodity to be removed or or altering removed as aforesaid; or if any person or persons shall fraud-any granted ulently alter or erase any permit, after the same shall of Ve.* pr°per been given or granted by the proper officer of excise; or it 1 any person or persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or

make use of any such permit so counterfeited, forged, folk* untrue, altered, or era fed; every perffin so offending shall (in lieu of any former penalty), for each and every such offence, shall forfeit forfeit and lose the lum of five hundred pounds'; which forfeit-5°°1. ure (hajj and may fce prosecuted in any of his majesty’s court*

Jr

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertSo Georgii III. c. 70. 339

of record at Westminster* or in the court of exchequer in

Scotland.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of, Penalty on

if any officer of excise or other inland duties, shall deliver out, ^rverf^wit or suffer to be delivered out, apy paper having the words pap^forSper-Extife office visible in the substance thereof, either before or mits impro-after the (lamp or mark, so to be provided as aforesaid, shall perly, be printed thereon, or before the same shall be filled up, agreeable to the request note brought from any trader, for the purpose of having a permit for the removal of some exciseable commodity 5 or if any such officer shall knowingly give or or granting grant any false or untrue permit, or shall make any false or false pennies, untrue entry in the counterpart or counterparts of any per- &e. mit or permits, by him given or granted for the removal of any exciseable commodity from the stock of any dealer therepn; or shall knowihgly and willingly receive or take any exciseable commodity whatsoever into the dock of any such dealer, brought in with any false, forged, or untrue permit, or shall knowingly permit or suffer the same to be done, directly or indirectly, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the several statutes in such case made and provided, every such officer so offending being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported, in like manner as other felons are directed to be transported, by the laws and statutes of this realm, for any time not exceeding (even years.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon every act ion, bill, plaint, or information, entered upon ever or filed in any or his Majesty's courts of record at, action en-

or court of exchequer \a Scotland* for the said penalty of five tcr*d *n anr hundred pounds', a capias in the first process shall and may JJrdVt West-issue, sperifving the said penalty; and the defendant or defend- minster, &c. ants shall pe obliged to give Sufficient bail, by natural-born for thepe-subjects, persons naturalized, or denizens, to the person or na^y persons to whom such capias shall be directed, to appear in the court out of which such capias shall issue, at the day of the return of such writ, to answer such suit or prosecution; and j)efemiant to shall likewise, at the time of such appearance, give sufficient give biil for bail or security, by such persons as aforesaid, in the said court, his appezr-to answer and pay the said forfeiture of five hundred' pounds, ance» a"d ai in case he or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, pe’

her, or their bodies to prison.

XIII. And whereas, notwithstanding the many laws already made to prevent the private distillation of low wines and of

evil-minded persons do privately make spirits, now for the better detecting such persons, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twentyrninth day or, From Sep 19,

in case any officer or officers of excise shall know, or have 1783. if any

capfe to suspect, that any private or concealed still, back, or £*<5 or other vessel, spirits, low wines, wafti, or other materials, fu"pca°any

preparing private (till.

34® Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70^ [1753.

&& within the preparing for distillatiop, are set up or kept in any house or head office, P^acc then, and in such case, if such house or place shall be and make ’ within the limits of the chief office of excise, upon oath made oath thereof by such officer or officers before one or more justice or justices before a juf- of the peape of the county, city, or liberty, where such hoafe cmmffioji- or place shall be, or before the commissioners of excise, or er$; any two or more of them; or, in case the same shall be ia or in any 9ljj/ ol*lcr Part of Great, upon oath made by such other part of officer or officers, before one or more justice or justices of the Great Britain, peace of the' county, tiding, division, or place, where such ma f6 °®ccr or officers shall suspetSt the same to be set up and kept,

before ^elt*ng forth the ground of such his or their suspicion; it

tice of the shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners cl county, fcc. excise, or justice. or justices of the peace respectively, before

the said com- whom such affidavit or affidavits shall be mane, if he or they

missioners or (hpll judge it reasonable, by special warrant under his or their justices may respective hands and seals, to authorize and impower such warrant?oCia °®cer or officers, b/ day.or by night, (but if in the night break open time, then in the presence of a constable, or other lawful of such suspected ficer of the peace, who are hereby required to be aiding and house, and to assisting the rein), to break open the doors or any part 01 such fciae such house or place, where he or they (h$dl so know or suspect p,fI such private or concealed still, back, or other vessel, ijpints, low wines, wash, or materials for distillation, are so set up and kept, and to enter into such house or place, and to (eize all and every such (fills, backs, or other vessels, and all such spirits, low wines, wash, and other materials preparing fa distillation, which he or they shall find and discover, and either to detain and keep the fame in the house or place where found, or to remove the same to the office of excise next to the ph® and if not where the feme shall be so discovered and found; and in case churned; by the fame stall not, within ten days next after such seizure, be within ten claimed by the true ^nd lawful owner thereof, then the W days, the stills, backs, and other vessels, spirits, low wines, wa(b> and femcihall be other materials for distillation, shall be absolutely forfeited, awl forfeited, and the proprietor of any fudv private or qonqe?led still, back, or for^cflhVII other vesse!* or the person in whole custody the same shall be payaool. for found, shall forfeit and’ lose, for every place in which every every such such private still, back, or other vessel, shall be so found, and place, and also for every such still, back, and vessel, found therein, the

found therein. of twa hundred pounds: and if any p^fonor^'

shall obstruct, oppose, inoleft, or hinder, any officer or officers of excise, or others a$ing in their assistance, in the due officers in® seizing any such private or concealed stills, backs, or other feizingprivate vessels, spirits, lqw wines, walh, or other materials for ftUlt, &c. filiation, or in detaining or keeping the fame in the place where

found, or in removing the feme, or any of them, after fefe®^ to the next office of excise as aforesaid; then, and.;in such case, every, person £0 offending shall forfeit the foffi01 two hundred pounds.

XIV. Andy in order, to deter from aiding or

1

r*?8j.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. 341

the proprietors'of such private fills in carrying on their fraudulent

practices, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, FromSept. *9, from, and after the said twenty-ninth day of when *783. an

any officer or officers of excise shall at any titne discover ^aUbeToand and find any private or concealed dill, back, or vessel, fdr aiding, and mf-the making, preparing,* or keeping of wash, low wines, or fitting in any spirita, or other materials preparing for distillation, and shall private distur at the lame time discover in the room or place where such "!)

private still* back, or other vessel, shall be so found, any per- 3 #l

fori or persons - knowingly aiding, aflrfting, or anyways concerned in carrying on inch private distillation, every such person and persons so discovered, shall (over and above all other penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor or person in whole costody or possession the same shall be found, is now fybject and liable unto}* forfeit and lose the sum of thirty pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for the officer and officers of excise, and all other persons ailing in their aid and assistance, to flop, arrest, and detain, all and every the persons and persons fodiscovered in such room or place, and to corf-vey the said person and persons before one or more justice or justices of the* peace for the county, riding, division, city, dr liberty tefpeCHvely, wherein such persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful to and and shall be for such justice or judice9 of the peace respectively, on con- carried before felGofi of the party, or by proof on the oath of one or morse a iu"ice* credible witnef* or witnesses made of such offence, tp con-vldk the person or persons fb discovered as aforesaid: and the person or persons lb convicted shall, immediately on 4bcrh conviction, pay the said sum of thirty pounds, into the hands of the officer who shall have conveyed such offender before such justice or justices of the peace, to be applied in manner as herein after is dire^ed; and on such offender or On default offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the said sum of thirty ot paying tht pounds, the justice or justices so convicting as aforesaid fhar. penalty, of and may, by warrant or wartants under his or their hand committed* and seal, or hands and seals, commit the offender or offenders to the house of correction for the said county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, there to remain

tmd be kept to hard labour for the space of six months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction, and the person or persons so committed shall not be discharged until he,

(he, or they, shall have paid the said sum of thirty pounds, or until the expiration of the said six months;' and in case the person or persons so convicted shall be again discovered secondof-in any room or place where any private still, back, or other fence, vessel, shall be discovered and found as aforesaid, aiding, af-(ilting, or otherwise concerned in carrying on any private distillery, he, she, or they, so again offending, shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for such second offence, the sum of sixty pounds, and shall be committed to the house of correction in manner aforesaid, there to remain for and during the

342

From Sep. *9, «7*J. all horses, carriages, &c. employed in re-moviog British spirits, without a proper permit, may be seized.

Before Sept/

*?» 17*3* distillers to demolish their trunks or close vesselt for receiving wash, &c.

on

too

penalty of

Distillers, c. to take away

ail pipes fast-cned to the end of their dill worms.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. '

the term of one year, or until the said sum of sixty pounds shall be paid.

XV. And the more effectually to prevent the removal of fpdeits% that have been privately dislilied, from the places where made to the houses of redifiers and compounders of, be it further eth acted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fail twenty-ninth day of September, it shall and may be lawfrift-tU and for the officers of excite, and they and each of theorfe and are hereby required to seize all and every horse and othtf cattle, and all carriages and boats whatsoever, made life ofn employed in the removing, carrying, or conveying British spirituous liquors from one part of this kingdom to any part thereof, unless the British made spirits (o removing, carrying, or conveying, shall be accompanied with such autheotidk permits or certificates from some or one of the officers of his Majesty's revenue of excite, as by the several statutes in Awh case made and provided are directed to accompany the lame when removing as aforesaid; which seizures of horses, cattle, carriages, and boats, shall and may be proceeded upon, hcaad, and determined, by such ways, means, and methods, as ocher seizures made by the officers of excite may now be proceeded upon, heard, and determined, by aqy law or laws relating'* his Majesty's revenue of excite.

XVI. And whereas great frauds have been and may be on by means of trunks and other close vessels set up by dist 'dlers makers of low wines and of spirits, for receiving waff and materials fit for distillation from the and other utenfik

before the fame is pumped up into their Jlill or Jlills; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, every distiller and maker of low wines or of (pints, whether for fate or for exportation, having or keeping any trunk or other close vessel or utensil for so* ceiving or keeping wash, or other materials fit for distiliatien, shall, before the said twenty-ninth day of, take opt

demolish, or convert into open 'vessels, every such trunk and other close vessel or utensil; and that no distiller or maker of low wines or of spirits, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, shall ere#, set up, have, or keep, any trunk,

or any other close vessel or utensil, for receiving, keeping, or making wash, or other materials preparing for distillation, an pain to forfeit, for every such trunk, or other close vessel and utensil, so erected, set up, kept, or continued, after the said twenty-ninth day of September, the sum of one hundred pounds! and, to the end that the officers of excite may be able to tafe and examine the quality of the low wines and of the spirits coming from the ft ill or dills of every distiller and maker bf low wines and of spirits, whether for sale or for exportation, compounder and re&ifier of spirits, every such distiller and maker, reltifier and compounder, shall, before the said twenty* ninth day of September, cut off or take away all pipes or other conveyances already fixed or fastened to the end of the worms belonging to their respective still and dills; and from and after a the

1783.] Anno vicesimo tcrdo Georgii III. c. 70. 343

the said twenty-ninth day of September \no such diffiller, maker,

rc&ifier, or compounder, shall fix or fallen, or suffer to be fixed

or /aliened, any pipe or other conveyance to the end of any worm belonging to any of their Hill or Hills, but shall

leave the end of the worm belonging to each and every of his and their respective Hill and Hills open and free for the officers of excise to tafie and examine the low wines and spirits

respectively coming from every such Hill and Hills; and the

low wines and spirits lo coming from the ends of the said respective worms shall openly and publicity run into an cfpen

safe, or other open vessel kept for that purpose, and the fame

Hull respectively be conveyed from such safe, < or other open

vessel, into the low wine calk, or spirit calk, as the case may

be: and if any such distiller, maker, re&ifier, or compounder, on penalty of

Hull neglect to take away, or cut off, all such pipes or otherlco1*

conveyances as shall be so fixed or fafiened to the end of the

worm, to each of his, her, or their Hill or Hills respectively

belonging, as herein-before directed; or shall, after the said twenty-ninth day of September, fix or fafien, or cause or suffer to be nxed or faffened, any pipe or other conveyance to the end

of any worm of any Hill to him, her, or them respectively

belonging, or shall run their low wines or spirits fyom the end

of the worms of their respective Hill or Hills into any other

vessel than the safe, or other open publick vessel kept for that purpose, or shall not convey the fame respectively from such

safe, or other open vessel, into the low wine9 calk, or spirits

cask> as the case may be every such distiller, maker, re6tifier,

and compounder, so offending, shall, fot each offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds,

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of Discharge-

the discharge-cocks belonging /to each and every Hill of every cocks to be distiller and maker of low wines or of spirits, whether for sale (*1 the or exportation, shall be so placed and fixed in the body of the which

respective Hills as that the officers of excise may have free belong and convenient access to the same; and for that purpose every 8cc. such discharge-cock shall be continued in a Hraight line from, the body of the Hill to which it is fixed, and such discharge-cock, shall not, in any case, project more than three feet from the body of any such Hill, nor more than eighteen inches from the brick-work or other materials whereon the said respective Hill or Hills shall be erected or placed; and if anyon distiller or maker of low wines, or of spirits, shall fix or place tool, the discharge-cock of any Hill, to him, her, or them belonging, otherwise than as herein is directed, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of the keys of every charging-cock, and of every discharge-cock, charge cocks, that shall be made use of by any distiller or^ maker of low wines \£ow to and spirits, whether for sale or for exportation, or by any rec-m* c*

tificr

344

Mouths of such cocks to be left free.

Penalty on default.

When any fill shall cease to be worked, the head thereof (halite taken off.

on forfeiture oftool.

'Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c.yd. fij’lj,

Akfiec or compduhder of spirits, for charging or for discharging and emptying any Hill or (tills, or other entered utensil byhi®, her, or them- respectively made use of, shall be had, made, and conHrudted in manner following, a ad in no other fens« manner whatever j that is to say. The key of each, and every such cock shall be made with an open eye or hole itvtke top part thereof, and every such eye or hole shall be of M1 fixe, as to be capable of receiving a leaver, fu thereat to turn the respective cock or cocks, at all times when the offittn shall have occasion to turn the fame in the execution of the powers and authority to them given for that purpose, by the several statutes in such case made and provided; and tvery such key of every such cock and cocks, shall be of onefiea, and solid to the bottom, and so rivetted into the cock of ahkh it is a part as to prevent the fame from being1 taken oat of the body of the said cock; and such charging-cocks and discharge-cocks respectively, shall not have any hole or place of & charge, but at the mouth only; and no difiilleror iwdwot low wines or spirirs, rectifier or compounder of spirits, flail, for any purpose, or on< any pretence whatsoever, fix or phet, or fuflfer to be fixed or placed, any grate, drainer, or any other thing whatsoever, on or before the mouth of any such charge-cock, or of any such discharge-cock; but the mouths of each and every such cock shall be left free and clear from ever thing that can or may prevent the officers of exci from searching and examining the ihfide of the mouth or operfAg of each and every such cock and cocks: and if any such# tiller or maker, redtifier or compounder, shall make use of, <* shall fix or place any charge-cock, or discharge-cock, towy of his (tilt dr (tills, or to any other of his entered utenfih, of any other construction or make than that heieiA-beforeofo* tioned; or shall at any time fix or place any thing wtutfeevtf on or before the mouth or opening of any such Cock, whereby the officer shall or may be prevented from searching aodexamining the inside thereof; then, and in every such case, every such distiller, maker, redtifier, and compounder, shall, for each offence respectively, forfeit the sum of one hundred pound*.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority tfor That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of every redtifier and compounder of spirits shall take off, to be taken off, the head and heads of each and every (fill «d Hills to him belonging, when and as soon as any such ffifl* Hills shall cease to be worked; and the head or heads of 6fdi Hill or (tills shall in no case, nor on any pfetence, or on account, be put on such Hill or Hills, until each such Hill IhaB b again charged and ready to work, nor until the officer flw have examined the quality of the spirits then in each sech fWH and if any such redtifier or compounder shall neglect to take w each and every head and heads from each respective ffill*jj* (tills, when and so (000*3 each such Hill shall cease tobeworW, or shall ia any case, or on any pretence or account whatsoever*

U N pUt

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70* 345

put on any such head or heads, on any of his dill or dills, before such dill or dills shall be charged and ready to work, and before the officer v shall have examined the quality of the spirits then in the 'dill, he, she, or they so offending shall for each offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XX. And whereas the opening of the furnace doors of the Jiills

belonging to compounders and rectifiers of f, before the JliUs are

actually charged, and the beads of such fills are put on> has given

opportunities for fraud5 for preventing of such frauds, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after Directions re* the said twenty-ninth day of September, whenever the officer l»tive to of-of excise shall have received a notice (as directed by the datute ^cer%* attend-in that case made) for opening the furnace door of any dill or dills belonging to any rectifier or compounder of spirits, nace door of and shall attend for that purpose, such officer shall not on any <KU* belong-pretence open the furnace door of any such dill or dish, but *°S of such as are at that time fully charged, nor until he hath ex* ert* c# amined the contents of such dill or dills, and hath seen the head or heads of such dill or dills respectively actually put on and ready to be locked down; nor shall such officer, when attending on any such notice at the dill-house of any such rectifier or compounder, be obliged to continue there more than one hour at any one time; and if such re&ifier or compounder shall not within that time have charged the dill or stills mentioned in that notice, and have put on the head or beads of the said dill or dills, so as they be ready to be locked down, every such re&ifier and compounder shall be obliged to give another like notice in writing, before the officer shall be obliged to attend again to open the furnace door or doors of his, her, or their dill or dills; any law, cudom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Andy t^at the officers of excise may be the better enabled to examine the contents of every fill and flillty to any di/liller or maker of low wines and spirits, whether for sale or exportation%

rectifier, or compounder of spirits, belonging, and to take fill gauges

thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from Oiftillers to and after the said twenty-ninth day of September every distiller provide pro-and maker of low wines and spirits, and every compounder per ladders to and redifier of spirits, shall provide proper ladders whereby get

the officers of excise may get to the top of each dill to every l0 the top of such distiller, maker* compounder, and rectifier respectively their dills belonging; and every such distiller, maker, compounder, and and to atfilt verifier, or some person on their behalf, shall be aiding and them in fct-aOiding to the said officer in setting up the ladder, and in examining the contents of every such dill, and in taking dill a cr* gauges thereof; and if any such distiller, maker, compounder, on penalty of or reiSlifier, respectively, shall neglect to provide proper lad- aooI# ders for the purposes aforesaid, or shall not by himself, or by some other on his behalf, assist the said officers in setting up the ladder, and in taking the account and dill gauges as aforesaid; or shall, by any means whatever, hinder or obstruct Vot. XXXIV. A a the

346 Anno vicesimo testio Georgii III. c. 70. [1783.

tffe officer or officers of excise fom examining the contents of each such dill, or in taking the gauge thereof; then, and in every such case, the distiller, maker, compounder, or rectifier, io offending, shall, for each offence, forfeit the fom of two hundred pounds.

XXII. Andy for the further preventing, be it enacted From Sept. 19, by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said im* owered^o twenty-ninth day of Septembe, it shall and may be lawful for take fkmples every officer of excise, and they are hereby impowered to take of warn from at any time or times, a sample or samples of the wash, in any distiller*, on wa(h-back or other vessel belonging to any distiller or maker Perin^lon for ^ow w*ncs an<* spirits, either for sale or exportation, not the fame. exceeding twelve gallons in the whole, out of each fUeh waft-back or other vessel, paying for such wash after the rate of Penalty on none shilling and sixpence per gallon; and in case any such dif-refutel. tiller or maker of low wines and spirits, or any workman or servant to him or them belonging, shall refuse to permit such officer or officers to take such sample or samples as aforesaid,

upon his or their offering to pay for the fame after the rate aforesaid, or shall any ways obstruct or hinder him or them in taking such (ample or samples, such distiller£or maker shall, for each offence respectively, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, After Sept. 19, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day or

no (till to have no fljftiller or maker of low wines or spirits, whether for fele fixed chare-16 or for exportation, shall, on any pretence whatever, have of ing-pipe, and keep any fixed pipe or other conveyance whatever, leading to one discharge- any still or (tills, save and except one charging-pipe to each cock, ’such still* nor shall have any conveyance whatever leading from any such still or (tills, save and except the discharge-cock on penalty of to each still respectively belonging, on pain to forfeit for every «ooU fixed pipe or other conveyance, leading to, or leading from,

such (till and (tills, (not before excepted), the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Any com That, if any corn distiller, or maker of low wines orfpin15 aft«r Sept. *9, fr°m corn or Srain» shall* a^ter the said twenty-ninth day ot shall ufc any September, make use of any melasses, course sugar, honey, or melasses, ho- any composition or extract of sugar, in the brewing, making) ney, &c. in or preparing, wash for distillation, or in making or extracting ^Xfordif- ,ow wines (p*ir’,ts> or shall receive or take into his custody filiation, shall or possession any quantity of melasses, coarse sugar, honey, forfeit tool.; any composition or extract of sugar, exceeding ten pounoj weight; every such corn distiller, and maker of low wines and spirits from corn or grain, shall forfeit and lose, for every fac!l andeveryfer- offence, the sum of one hundred pounds; and everyfervant vant, or other of such corn distiller, or maker of low wines or spirits M person alfilt- corn or grain, and every other person who shall be aiding *nd W}". aAift*ng mtlle using any melasses, coarse sugar, honey, of*0? *0* or VL. comP°6tion or oxtrad of sugar, in the brewing, making, °r

oremr

Anno vicesimo tertio GeoRGIl lil. c. 76. $4?

preparing wash for distillation, or in making or extracting low pnfoned for wines or spirits, or in carrying or conveying the fame into the house, still-house, or Other plice belonging to such corn dtf-tilkr, or maker of low wines or spirits from corn or grain*

shall also forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds, and in default of payment shall suffer three months imprisonment.

XXV. And whereas distillers having made entry of their JliA-

houses, have some times withdrawn those entries wash and other

materials prepared for distillatim reniain, be it further

tenacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the After Sept.

Taid twenty-ninth day of September, no distiller or maker of low *no wines or spirlts, compounder or rectifier of spirits, who shall ^1!" have made entry of any still-house and utensils, for the pur- utensils, shall pose of distillation, as by the several statutes relating to the he withdrawn duties on British made spirithous liquors he his required to do, "bilft Waflt, shall be permitted to withdraw^such his entry whilst wadi, low teriaUfordfr^ wines* or other materials preparing or fit for-distillation, aretiilation, are remaining itt any of the places* or in any of the Utensils, by remaining him, her, dr them respectively entered, as aforesaid; but inthcrcirt* fcycry such case the officers of excise, under whose survey such distiller or maker shall then be, shall continue to fuhrey the (places and utensils mentioned in each such entry, until all the Wash, low winds, and other materials, shall be worked off* and the duties charged on the produce thereof, or until the same shall be removed from and out of the said entered places, and then* and not till then, shall any such entry, made as aforesaid, be withdrawn!

XXVII. And be it furthef enabled by the authority aforesaid, N6t to leflfett That nothing irt this act contained shall extend, or be construedthe powers of So extend, to take away or lessen any of the powers or author-

Itics heretofore given to the officers of excise and for the inland e 4 duties, by any law or laws now in force relating to the said duties.

XXVII. And whereas by etn aft* mddein the year of the reign of his present Majesty, ( intitule, An act for the bet- Recital of ter management and collection of the duties upon male fervartts, Geo. granted by an adfc made in the seventeenth year of the reign

his present Majesty), it was enacted, That all profecations for the -recovery of the duties imposed upon male and for all

forfeituret and offences made and committe

within all or any of the counties, /hires; and stewartries^ totems, or' places, within the kingdom of Great Britain, be

beard and determined by any two or more of the justices of the

peace residing near to the place where such forfeitures be

or offence committed \ and if the party finds himself aggrieved the judgement given by the said justiceshe shall and may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter who are

authorized and itopowered to hear jemd determine the and whose judgement therein shall he final: and whereas doubts have arisen, whether the word Party, in the said act mentioned, does

A a 2 extend

I

348 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. [1783.

extend as well to the informers in such prof editions, fendants therein named: now, to obviate all such doubts, be party Ifin the ltdeclared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said act) ex- word Party in the said act mentioned, was intended to extend, plained. and does extend, to either party who think themselves aggrieved by any judgement given, or to be given, by any justices of the peace in pursuance of the said act.

XXVIII. And whereas by a clause in an passed in the loft Recital of session °fParliament y ( intituled An act for repealing the duties pay-

%y Geo. III. able for beer and ale above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of cap. 68. f. 28. the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven shillings the barrel, exclusive of such duties, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned: and also additional duties on fope made in Great Britain% and upon the produce of the said additional duties on coaches, and on other carriages; and for the better securing the duty upon tea, and other duties of excise; and also for appointing the number of commissioners of excise, who may hear causes depending before them relative to the duties on male servants); it was That no

the quantity of twenty pounds weighty being within the thtfi in which the fame was imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and then continuing in the same state in which it was J, JboH

at any one times directed to one and the fame {or personsS

where there are two or more in joint trade or be re-

moved or carried from any ci towns or place in this kingdoms riot being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality or of the chief office of excise in London, to any other place out of the limits aforesaids not within the said citys towns parishs or from which the same shall be so removed or carried: and if any teet exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weights at any one times directed to one and the fameperjon (or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or par, shall be found so removed or carriedy or removing or carryings whether with or without the fames together with the, and other package containing the fames and the vessels and boats9 and the horses and other cattles and carriages -employed in removing or carrying the famet shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise: and whereas it was intended that the said forfeitures in the said clause mentioned,should extend to all cases where tea9 exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weights should be removed or carriedy or removing or carryings in the manner in the said act mentioned, but the word Forty was by mistake infer ted in the foil clause,instead of the word Twenty: now, for correcting and amending the said mistake, be it enacted by the authority afore-Tea exceed- fa'(J> That if any tea exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds ing to pounds weight, at any one time, directed to one and the same person, weight, (not (or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or part-HTe'urwhich ner^‘P)» and not being in the original chest as aforesaid, it was import- found removed or carried, or removing or carrying,

whether

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70; g4g

whether with or without permit, from any city, town, parish, ed)*hich flmli orplicein this kingdom, not being within the limits of the bc rcn?oved said weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise in city not London* to any other place out of the limits aforesaid, not within within the bills the said city, town, parish, or place, from which the same shall ot mortality, be so removed or carried; all such tea, together with the ca- bc for-nifters, bags, and other package containing the fame, and the [hepacka^e vessels and boats, and the horses and other cattle, and carriages cattle, and employed in removing and carrying the fame, shall be forfeited, carriages, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; any thing in the said dause in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any information or suit shall be commenced and If theclaimer brought to tri^l, on account of the seizure of any goods, mer- of goods chandizes, or commodities whatsoever, seized as forfeited by verdia^nd any act or acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be \t niall ap-made, relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise or inland du- pear to the tics, or of any ship, vessel, or boat, or of any horses or other l^ge that the cattle, or of any carriages used or employed in removing or car- Chabie rying the fame, wherein a verdict shall be found for the claimer Jause of fei-thereof; and it shall appear to the judge or court before whom zure, the the same shall be tried, that there was a probable cause of claimant shall seizure, the judge or court before whom the same shall be tried,

shall certify on the record that there was a probable cause for the prosecutor seizing the said goods, merchandizes, commodities, ships, vessels, boats, horses, or other cattle, or carriages, as the case may be; and in such case the claimant shall not be intitled to any costs of suit whatsoever, nor shall the person who seized the said goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or the said ships, vessels, or boats, or the horses or other cattle or carriages, be liable to any action, indictment, or other suit or prosecution on account of such seizure; and that in case any action, indictment, or prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to trial, against any person or persons whatsoever, on account of the seizure of any such goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or of any ships, vessels, boats, horses, or other cattle or carriages, used and employed in removing or carrying the fame, wherein a verdict shall be given against the defendant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom such action, indictment, or prosecution, shall be tried, shall certify on the said record, that there was a probable cause for such seizure, then the plaintiff, besides the thing so seized, or the value thereof, shall not be intituled to above two-pence damages, nor to any costs of suit, nor shall the defendant in such prosecution be lined above one shilling.

XXX. Jnd, for the more effectual preventing vexatious suits

igainfl the officers of excise, and their affijla a fling under the -'borities and powers to them given by the several statutes made for Scaring the duties of excise and inland duties; be it further enacted >y thO authority aforesaid, That; from and after the first day

A a 3 of

350

From Aug. t, 1783, officers not to be sued for executing their office, until after a month’s note*?

Particulars to }>e contained in such no-

tee?

s Pffipers may tender amends*

If amends tendered be sufficient, a verdict to be given for the defendant! who shall be entitled to

fUo evidence of the cauife of action to he produced, except what is contained in the notice,

Defendant may pay money into court.

Anno vicesimo tertio. GEORGII III. c. 70. [1785.

of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, nq

writ shall be sued out against, nor a copy of any process served upon, any officer or officers of excise, or against any person or persons acting by his of their order, and in his or their aid, for any thing done in the execution of, or by reason of his or their office, until one calendar month next after notice in writing shall have been delivered to him, or left at the usual place of his abode, by the attorney or agent for the party who intends to sue out such writ or process as aforesaid; in which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the cause of action, the name and place of abode of the person who is to bring such action, and the name and place of abode of the said attorney or agent, and that a fee of twenty shillings shall be paid for tfce preparing and serving of every such notice, and na more.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any of the said officers, or other persons acting in their aid, to whom such notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any time within one calendar month after such notice shall have been given, to tender amends to the party complaining, or to his or her agent or attorney, and in case the fame is not accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any action to be brought against him, grounded On such writ or process, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea, with leave of the court; and if upon idue joined thereon, the jury shall 'fiqd the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in such Case, or in case the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or difeon-tinue his or her qdtion, or in ca(e judgement shall be given for such defendant or defendants upon demurrer, then such defendant or defendants shall be intitled to the like cods as he would have been intitled to in case he had pleaded the general ifluo only 5 and if upon idue so joined the jury shall find that nq amends were tendered, or that the fame were not sufficient, and also against the defendant or defendants in such other pl«l or pleas, then they shall give a verdict for the plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think proper, together with his or h?r costs of suit.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no plaintiff, in any case where an action shall be grounded oq any act done by the defendant, shall be permitted to produce any evidence of the capfe of such action, except such as shall be contained in the notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover any ver^idl against such officer, or persons adding in his aid, pnless he shall prove on the trial of such action that such notice Was given, and that in default of such proof the defendant iq such action shall recover a verdict and costs as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such officer, or others atfting in his aid, shall neglect to tender any amends, or shall have tendered iqsufficient amends, before the a<5iion brought, it shall and may be lawful for him, by leave of

c the

35*

1783.] Anno vicesimo terdo GEORGII III. c. 70.

the court where such action shall be brought, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he shall see fit, whereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay ido«> ney into court.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced Limitation of against any person or persons for any matter or thing done by actions. any officer or officers of excise, or any others acting in his or their aid, in execution of, or by reason of his or their office, such action or suit shall be brought or commenced within three months next after the cause of action shall arise, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and tried in the county or place where the facts were committed, and not in any other county or place; pi the defendant or defendants shall and may plead the general General issue. issue, and give the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, or if, upon a verdidk or demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have such remedies for the fame Treble costs. as any defendant or defendants can or may have in other cases where costs are given by law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any goods liable to duties of excise, or inland du- Claimers of ties, shall be seized by virtue of or in pursuance of any act or 8°°* acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, or if mem°of the*' any action shall be brought by the owner or daimer of any such duties, goods, against any officer or officers of excise, or for the inland duties, or any person acting in their afiiffance, for any thing done in pursuance of any such act or acts, the prpof of the payment of the excise or inland duties upon the goods so seized shall lay upon the owner or claimer of such goods, and not on the person who fefced the fame* or against whom such action shall be brought.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall obstruct, assault, resist, Persons ob-oppose, molest, or hinder, any officer or officers of excise in the structing offi-due execution of the several powers and authorities given or this^d?1*" granted to such officers by this act, every person or persons so

offending shall (except in such cases for which other penalties are herein-before directed) forfeit and lose, for every such of-to forfeit tool, fence, the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this Penalties and act (and not herein-before otherwise directed) shall be sued for, forfeitures recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and covered and*" methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued applied, for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any

A a 4 of

' v

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgrt III. c. 71,72. [1783.

of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of certain mefliuget, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Kent, purchased in pursuance of an act made in the I ait session of parliament, to vest certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his Majesty* docks, ships, and stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham.

i Geo. 3. c. 80. recited t and his Majesty *s letters patent, dated Sept. 16, 178*, appointing commissioners, and that the commissioners met, on Nor. 11, 1781, at the town hall of Rochester, and certain lands, in the parish of Gillingham, and the timber thereon, valued at 4,7891. 14s. 3d. but no provision made for payment. Enacted that out of the supplies graat* ed for 1783, thefura of 4,7891. 14s. 3d. shall be applied for making coinpen fation for the before-mentioned lands, tenements, &c. Sorveyor general of the ordnance to make out bills to persons intitled under the decree of the commissioners. Debentures for such sums to be prepared by the clerk of the ordnance. Sec. The sums mentioned in such debentures, to be paid accordingly. The sum decreed to be paid to the principal and scholars of King's Hall, See. in Oxford, to be laid out in purenafe of lands. Sec. also reciting that several sums of money have been decreed to be paid into the hands of trustees, for the purposes therein, mentioned, pursuant to the wills of Thomas Fletcher and Elizabeth Proby. The said Sums being 1,676l. 14s. 3d. and 1741. 8s. to be paid to the deputy remembrancer of the codrt of exchequer} who shall give a discharge for the fame, and certify the receipt thereof to the barons of the exchequer,

All such money received by the deputy remembrancer, to be paid into the bank. Barons of exchequer, upon petition, Sec. impowered to make orders for payment of the money teceived by the deputy remembrancer, or for placing it in the funds, See. On death or removal of deputy remembrancer, all docks. Sec. vested in him by virtue of this act, shall rest in his successor, Sec. If in future there should be no deputy remembrancer, then the trusts vested in him by this act shall vest in the remembraa* cer. If persons intitled to debentures shall neglect to take the fame for a month after notice, they may be deposited with the clerk of the peace, Sec.All the lands, Sec. which have been valued as to be taken oyhh Majesty, shall, on payment of such valuation, be vested in his Majaty, his heirs, &c. for ever; and all other lands. comprised in the receited act, shall remain vested in their former proprietors. All the lands, &c. in the receited act mentioned to be situate in the county of Southampton, and vested in Charles Wolfran Cornwall, &c. shall continue vested in the fame persons, and their heirs. Limitation of actions to fix cakodar months, and the defendants nyav plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and it be recovers to have treble costs.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bilk* for the service^ of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty* fbrgg, 7- To raifp 1,500,000l. on the fame terms as in the land tax act.

CAP.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 73,74. CAP. LXXIII.

An act for the more eafir and speedy recovery of small debts 'within the town and liberties or Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop. — Debra above two shillings, and under forty shillings.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for altering the duties and drawbacks upon plain muslins, -

, rated muslins and callicoes, and nanquin

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to reduce the duties payable upon the importation, and the drawbacks allowed upon the tation, of certain species of muslins, callicoes, and nanquin cloths, for

a limited time, as a means to discourage the pernicious practice of smuggting those articles into this kingdom, which hds been lately, and is

now carried on,to the great loss of the publick revenue, the detriment of the East India company, and the fair } may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the thirty-first day of, From Aug 31, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and during the »7*3»theim-continuance of this act, the several rates, duties, and ftnpofi- plaia" tions, payable upon the importation of plain muslins, unrated muflinsi&c. muslins and callicoes, and nanquin cloths, into this kingdom, to cease.

shall cease and determine, and are hereby repealed and made void.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, in lieu and instead of the several duties hereby re- New duty of pealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, a duty 18 [>^rc^lt* of eighteen pounds per centum, on the gross price for which such s^the goods shall be sold by the candle at the Tales of the united com- India House. pany of merchants or England trading to the East Indies, without any discount or deduction whatsoever.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the exportation of any plain muslins, unrated Drawback to muflms and callicoes, and nanquin cloths, from this kingdom be allowed on into foreign parts, which shall be sold at the sales of the said united company after the said thirty-first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in lieu and instead of the former drawbacks heretofore paid and allowed upon the exportation of such goods, there shall be paid and allowed to the exporter thereof, a drawback of ten pounds per centum, and no more, out of the duty paid or payable upon the importation of such goods in pursuance of this act.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duty granted by this act shall be raised, le- Neif duty to vied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and the draw* Jj® a"£d back hereby granted shall be allowed and paid, in the fame d?awba*ck to

manner be allowed, in

354-

the fame man < ner, and subject to the fan>e regulations, as the former duties and draw? back.

Continuance of this act to ^ug. 31, 1787.

[Preamble.]

Recital of »i Geo. 3. c. 40. Ua* repealed*

Anno vieefiii*> tdrtio Georgii III. c. 75. [lyjj.

manner and form, and shall be subject to the same rules, regulations, securiries, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, in all respects (except where any alteration is made by this act) as the former duties and drawbacks were subject and liable to bj any act of parliament now in force, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, rules, regulations, securities, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, relative thereto, were again repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue in force until the thirty-first day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

C AT. LXXV.

4* act for repealing so much of an act made in the twenty-first jew

of the reign of his present Majesty's took off the duties payoblt upon the importation of that species of blue called Smalts; and for granting relief to the owners or proprietors of, of the growth of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which jM not be worth the duties imposed therein by an act of the loft ftfo* of parliament.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the year of tls

reign of his present Majesty, ( An act for extending the provisions of three acts, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and in the tenth and nineteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, to and

linens, British callicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, or stained in Great and to buckrams

and tilletings, exported during the time therein limited; and for taking off the duties payable upon the importation of that species of blue called Smalts Jit is, among other things, tno&k That, during the continuance of the recited, no fubfi&h custom, rate,duty, or other imposition whatsoever, be demoded, collected, received,or taken, that species of blue utdd

Smalts, which shall be imported into this kingdom: and whereat it is expedient that so much of the said act as took off the duties on that species of blue called Smalts, should be repealed; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, apd commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said recited act IM* from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, be, and the fame is hereby repealed and mad? void; and all such blue, called ,which, from and after the said first day of August, shall be imported or brought into any part of Great Britain, shall be subject and liable to the duties and impositions as they would have been subject liable to if the said recited act bad not been made; any

thing

I7&1.] Anno vicesimo tertto Georgii III. c.y&f jj

thing therein qr in any other act, to the contrary notwith- _ landing.

II. And whereas, in the of the

riign ofbispresent Majesty, {intituled An act to explain an act, Recital of tf

made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Se- Geo. 3. c. 73, cond, intituled An off for prohibiting the, fettiqg> or

flowing of tobacco in England or Ireland, and to permit the use

and removal of tobacco, the growth of into England*

for a limited time, under certain restrictions,)

other things, enacted.That the like duties should be paid for such

tobacco as were due and payable upon the importation of tobacco of the growth and produce of the British colonies or plantations in America: and whereas there is not any provision made in the receited act, for granting any relief to the proprietors of such ,.

inconsideration of the inferior quality thereof or any accident or defeat that may happen in the growth or culture of such tobacco, so to render the fame not marketable or worth the duties impofid -on; for remedy whereof, be it eqaded by, the authority aforesaid, That it mall and may be lawful to and for the comm if- Commifl;on-sioners of his Majesty's customs at Edinor any three or er* of customs more of them, to allow, and order to be paid, to the owner or j£aEahow*1 proprietor of such tobacco, out of any revenue under their ma- proprietors of nagement which is applicable to the payment of incidents, at bad tobacco the rate of four-pence for every pound weight of such tobacco, yd. per pound for which the owner or proprietor thereof mall refqfe to pay the full duties imposed by the said recited act; provided such to- burnt, $5, bacco shall be given up by him, to the proper officers of his Majesty's customs, to be publickly burnt, or otherwise totally destroyed by such officers; any thing in the said receited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for the better preventing frauds in the landing and removing of wines in this kingdom; and to prevent the relanding of refined sugarentered for exportation, to obtain the drawback or

WHEREAS the regulations prescribed by an made in Preamble* the twenty fixtbyear of his late Majesty's reign,

An act to prevent wines, imported into any of the out-ports of Recital of

this kingdom, being afterwards brought into the port of - Geo. 2. c. is,

don, or parts adjacent, without paying the London duty; and x

fevered other laws heretofore made to prevent the clandestine running

of wine into this kingdom, have not been fto anftver the good

purposes thereby intended, such illicit practices being lately much /»-

creajed, and are now carried on to a great degree at several of the

outsorts in this kingdom, to the diminution of the publick revenue,

and the prejudice of the fair merchants: for remedy whereof, may

it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice

and consent of the lord* spiritual and temporal, and commons,

« in

356

From Sept-i, 1783, no wine to be removed from any out-

Sort of Great ritain to any other part of the kingdoms without a proper certificate.

Oaths and

certificates to be administered, &c. by the collector, &c. without fee. All wine removed without a certificate. &c. shall be forfeited, with the cattle and carriages removing the fame*

In case of dispute relative toremov-ingwine, proof to lie on the claimer.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 76. [1783.

in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no wine of any fort, in any hogshead or other calk whatsoever, shall be removed or carried, either by land or by water, from any out-port, creek, or haven, in Great Britain, not being within the limits of the port of London, to any other town, port, or place whatsoever,

within the same kingdom, without a certificate first had and obtained from the collector and comptroller, or the chief officers of the customs at or nearest to the town, port, or place, from which such wine is intended to be so removed, certifying that the duties due and payable for such wine had been paid at the port or place of importation, or that the fame was wine fold for salvage, or that the fame had been compounded for or condemned, as the case may be 5 referring to the time when, and the place where, such wine was entered, fold, compounded for, or condemned, and expressing the quantity and fort of wine, with the marks of the package thereof, to what place, and to whom the fame is consigned, and by what carriage, and by whom the fame is intended to be removed; which fads shall be verified by the oath of the importer or proprietor of such wine; and if the wine is to be removed by land, the certificate shall also express and limit the time for which such certificate shall continue in force.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the oaths and certificates herein-before required, (hah and may be administered and granted by the collector and comptroller, or the chief officers of the customs, in the manner before directed, without fee or reward.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any wine shall be removed as aforesaid, or found removing, without the certificate herein-before required, or shall not agree therewith, all such wine, and the calks or other package thereof, together with the horses, cattle, carts, waggons, boats, barges, and all other carriages whatsoever, employed, or in any ways made use of in the removing, carrying* or conveying of such wine, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be-seized and prosecuted by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, and after condemnation, disposed of sod divided in such manner as the like goods may for any other cause of forfeiture be seized, prosecuted, disposed of, and divided, by any law in force.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any wine shall be seized for being removed, or for being found removing, without such certificate, or any cattle or carriages shall be seized for removing, or for having beta used in removing such wine, and any doubt or dispute shilling whether such wine hath or hath not been removed, or is or is not removing, or such cattle or carriages hath or hath not been used in removing thereof, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or

claims

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 76, 337

chillier of such goods, and not upon the officer who shall seize or (lop the same.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall falsely make oath to Penalty on any of the facts herein-before required to be sworn, such person p«rfoos fWear-or persons shall, on conviction thereof, suffer the like pains and 1Dg fa,fe,y* penalties as are incurred by persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and if any person or persons shall forge, counter- and on forg-feit, erase, alter, or falsify, any certificate required or directed »ng?r altering by this act, or shall knowingly or willinglyjpake use of any cer- &1"ooP* tificate so forged,^counterfeited, erased, altqfed, or falsified, such 5 person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the yfe of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs or excise as shall sue and prosecute for the fame in any court of record at, or in

the court of exchequer at Edinburgh respectively.

VI. And whereas the large drawback or bounty allowed upon the exportation of refined sugar from Great Britain into foreign

bath been and may be an encouragement to fraudulent traders to reland such sugars in this kingdom, after the fame hath been entered -wards for exportation, in order to receive the drawback or bounty

thereon; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of - From Sept. 1, her, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no draw- 17*3* no back or bounty shall be allowed upon the exportation of any fallowed1 oh British refined sugar, unless such sugar shall be packed in hog- exportation of (heads, or other calks, each of which shall contain six hundred British refined weight avoirdupois of such sugar at the least, and shall not be fagar, uniefi packed in bags, boxes, or in any other packages within such hog (head or calk; except such sugars as shall be exported to hundred Africa, or any of the British colonies or plantations in, weight,

and shall be packed in iron-bound puncheons or calks, each of Exception, which puncheons or casks shall be capable of containing one hundred gallons of liquor, or more; and the exporter or pro- Exporter, fee. prietor of such jfugaf, together with the master of the vessel on to give bond, board of which the same shall be entered for exportation, shall, a^ountVf before the shipping thereof, give bond to the collector and drawback, comptroller of the customs at the port of exportation, (which for the due bond they are hereby impowered to take in the name and to exportation of, the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors,) in treble the*uch fu8'r* amount of the drawback or bounty on such sugar, for the due exportation thereof, (the danger of the Teas and enemies excepted ;) and that such sugar shall not be brought back or re-Iaoded, or unshipped to be relanded, in Great, the Isle

of Man9 or the islands of Faro or Ferro: and if such sugar so All sugar so entered for exportation, shall not be bona fide shipped and ex- entered,which ported on board the vessel on which the same shall be so enter-

cd, or if such sugar, after the shipping thereof, shall be brought ^forfeited, back into this kingdom, or be relanded, or unshipped with an with the vef-tntention to be relanded, in this kingdom, (unless in case of fel, &c.

distress

35«

Penalty ori pcffons afllft-ln in unship-or re-ng there.

Ian

Of.

Bonds to remain three years in the officers hands* &c.

Persons sued for executing this act, may plead the general issue,

and shall be entitled to treble costs.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 77.

[17S3.

distress to save the ship from perilling, 6r by order of the commissioners, or principal officers of the customs,} such fqgar, to gether with the ship or vessel from which the same shall be unshipped, and the boats* vessels, and all Other cattle and cam-ages whatsoever used in the landing, removing* carrying or conveying of such sugar, shall be forfeited and lost j and every person who shall tiring back* or who shall cailfe or procure such sugar to be brought back, or shall be assisting or othenrifc concerned in the bringing back, relanding, or uni shipping such sugar, or to whose hands the same shall knowingly cortie, alter the same shall be brought back; relanded, or unshipped, dr by whose privity, knowledge, dr direction, the said sugar, dr any part thereof, shall be brought back, relanded, or^unshipped, shall forfeit treble the value thereof: which said forfeitures and penalties shall and may be prosecuted, sued for* and recovered, by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs; and after condemnation, disposed of and divided in such manner and form as the like goods and penalties may be sued for* prosecuted, recovered* disposed of* and divided, by any law in force.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the bonds herein-before directed to be taken for thd due exportation of such sugar* shall remain undischarged in the hands of the officers who took the fame for three years from the dates thereof; and in case no prosecution shall be commenced for some breach or non-performance of the conditions thereof within three years after the dates of such bonds; or if« Upon such prosecution, judgement be not obtained for his Majesty within the space of two years after the prosecution is commenced, such bonds shall be void, and shall be cancelled* but not otherwise.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, moWW or prosecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this all, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and shall give this all, and the special matter in evidence; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff shall discontinue his a&om or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him. or them awarded against feeb plaintiff.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for the more effeflud encouragement of the *J

flax and cotton in Great Britain.

Preamble* *1X7 WHEREAS it is of consequence that the ▼ V duced from the raw materials of flax and, and maintaining great numbers of his, Jbsdof*

preserved, promoted, and, but which are now greot^0

Jlrufled by the high duties payable on, and other

mtteffw

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 77. 3^31

tieceffarily employed and consumed therein; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of, one From Jan. i,

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, it shall and may be 1784* mami-lawful to and for any person or persons in the manufacturing of and Scot-flax or cotton, and bringing the same to a finished date for sale, ton/Z'c. ta" or in any part of the process or progress thereof, and who shall make oath employ, spend, and consume any quantity or quantities of fope before a pro-or starch, in the preparing, bleaching, whitening, and hringing Quantities of flax or cotton to a finished manufacture for sale, or in any of fope and part of the progress of the fame, (excepting fope employed, starch consent, and consumed in whitening new linen in the piece for fumed by sale, the drawbacks on which shall be and remain the same as by any former a Ct or aCU of parliament,) or to and for his, her, nufacture or their overseers or chief workmen employed under him, her, or them, in those works, or any of them, at the end of each year from the date of the entry herein after directed to be made, or within six months thereafter, to make proof by the oath of the person or persons who shall so employ, spend, or consume the said fope or starch, or of his, her, or their overseer or chief workman, before the collector or supervisor of excise of the dif-trick or division, or either of them, where fope or starch, or either of them, shall be so employed, spent, and consumed,

(who are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer the same;) which said oath shall specify the kinds and quantities of the manufactures so made, prepared, whitened, or finiftied, and the days between which and the places where the fame were so made, prepared, whitened, or finished respectively, and the quantities and kinds of the fope or starch which were actually employed, spent, and consumed therein; and that no allowance or drawback, by virtue of thi$ or any other act or acts of parliament, was before made to fuel) manufacturer or manufacturers, or for his, her, or their benefit, of the duties payable for the fope or (larch so specified in such oath, or any part thereof; and ihat upon the making of every such oath, the Collector, out fafd collector of excite, out of the money in his hands which shall have arisen for the duty upon fope, granted by an act th'* duty* made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen on fope, Anne, (intituled An act for laying several duties upon all fope and granted by paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon 10 Ann* chequered and Jlriped linens imported; c*19

toes, linens, andfluffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon several

kinds of stamped vellum, parchment, and, and upon certain

printed papers, pamphlets, and advertisements, for raising the sum ,cf eighteen hundred thousand pounds by way of, towards her Majesty's supply; and for licensing an additional number of hackney chairs', and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice', and for better securing her Majesty's duties to arise in the office for the duties by licences for marriages and otherwise; and for relief of persons

360

and continued by; Geo. 1.

c. 7.

shall pay to

such manufacturers a drawback on all Tope so used;

(Exception;)

and out of the money in his hands of the duties on starch, a drawback on all starch so fed.

If collector shall not have money fulfi-cient in hand, he is to certify the same to the commissioners, &c.

Anno vicesimo tcrrio Georgii III. c. 77, [1783.

fins who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time9 or bent loft exchequer bills 9 or lottery tickets 5 and for borrowing money stock (part of the capital of the South Sea company) for the

the publick;) and continued by an act made in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (intituled An act for redeeming the duties and revenues whith were settled to pay off principal and intetejl on the orders made forth on four Utterj acts, passed in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majestys and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the hereditary excifiy according to a former act in that behalf; and for blishing a general yearly fundy not only for the future payment of annuities at fiveral rates, to be payable and transferable at the bank of

England and redeemable by parliament; but also to raise monies for such proprietors of the said orders as shall choose to be paid their principal and arrears of interestin ready money j and for making good such other deficiencies and payments as in this act are mentioned; oni for taking off the duties on linseed imported, and British ported ;) shall, and is hereby authorized and required forthwith to pay to the said manufacturer or manufacturers a drawback of the duty on fope, at the rate of three farthings for every pound weight of hard fope, and three farthings for every pound weight of soft fope, which shall be used and consumed in preparing and finishing all manufactures from flax or cotton for sale, (except such fope as shall be used in whitening new linen in the piece, in order for sale;) and the said collector, out of the money in his hands which shall have arisen for the duties upon (larch, shall, and is hereby authorized and required to pay to the said manufacturer or manufacturers, a drawback of the duties on starch, at the rate of one penny halfpenny for every pound weight of (larch which shall be u(ed and consumed in preparing and finishing all manufactures from flax or cotton for sale, (except such (larch as shall be used and consumed in finishing new linen in the piece for sale;) and the said collector, out of the money ih his hands which shall have arisen for the duties upon (larch, shall and is hereby authorized and required to pay to the said manufacturer or manufacturers three-pence for every pound weight of (larch which shall be used and consumed in finishing new linen in the piece for sale: and in case the collector shall not then have money sufficient in his hands to fa»i«fy such payments, that then, and in every such case, the respedhe commissioners of the excise in England and Scotland for the time being, upon a certificate thereof from the said collector (who is hereby required to make and lign such certificate,) shall, artd are hereby authorized and required forthwith to cause such payment to be made out of any monies arising from the duty 00 fope, granted by the said act made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Ann/, and continued by the said act made in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and out of the duties on starch respectively> without any further delay.

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority

atorefiidi

1

t?Sp] Amo Tioedmo tcrtk) Gbokoii IH. c. 77.

tfordtid, That the owner or chief workman employed in any flMnuft&ory of flax or cotton, in order to he in titled to the Meta of this *51, shall produce an account from his books, 1000 oath, of the ibpe and (larch purchased by him for the use of Jos Manufactory, specifying from whom the fame was pur-thsfed, the Quantity*’actually given out to be used and consumed dor the year immediately preceding, and the amount of each different species of goods, either raw or manufactured, in which the Aid ibpe and (larch respectively has been used and contain-eds and provided that each and every manufacturer of flax or cotton, or his or her overseer or chief workman, shall, and are |wcby obliged and directed from time to time to keep an ac-loom of all tach fope and (larch respectively as shall be employ-and con famed in each week, in the preparing, bleaching, whitening, and bringing of flax or cotton to a finished manufacture for fate; and shall once in every week enter in a to be kept for that purpose, an account of the quantity or quantities of (bpe and (larch so employed, spent, and con-Mad in each week respectively, and also of the particular ffddda of manufacture in which such fope and (larch shall have Im employed, spent, and contained; which said book, so to be kept by each manufacturer, or his or her overseer or chief Workman, (halt at all times, when demanded by any officer of Mfc, be produced to such officer, to be by him perused and tnipected, the better to prevent unjust claims of the drawback by tfck iCt granted of the duties on fope and (larch; and that esc* im every year, Or at the time that the manufacturer (halt m*r for the drawback of the duties granted by this act, the flU book shall be delivered to the coIleClor of excise, upon the Ml of the per (bn who kept the fame, and made the entries AM*, of the truth of such entries, which book shall be left Wtt remain with such cbllector.

III. Provided also, That where there is a superintending earner, and likewise aift overseer or chief workman, each shall bntbm six months after the expiration of the preceding year to Which their respective clairris apply, produce their accounts on mb before the said collector of excise, who is hereby required MU'impowered to administer such oath; which oath shall be in As words, or to the effeCl, following:

t)ash for the owner, or superintending agent or manager.

I Am B. owner, or one of the owners, or superintending manager,

of the work tarried on at Mr the name or firm of do folerrmly /wear,

Hwf the obfbraft hereunto annexed contains a just and true account

f&o quantity of fope and /larch respectively purchased by me for AOstfeafibi said work under my management, of the quantity tioned out to the overseer for consumption, and of the quantity of each afferent species of goods upon winch the said fope and starch hat bceH fid and confismedfrom the day of

You XXXIV. B b

361

Manufacturer, or his chief workman, to produce an account, upon oath, of the fope and starch used by him in hit manufactory, in the preceding year; and to keep also a weekly account}

to be produced to the officer on demand, &c.

Where therei« a fu peri mending owner, and an overseer, each shall produce their accounts, on oath, before the collector.

3 6z Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 77# [1783.

of the of and to

the befl of my knowledge and belief the fope and forth has been

charged with, and that the duty chargeable thereon has been duly paid;

and that neither the whole nor any part of the said duties have been before drawn bach or allowed, to the befl of my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

' Oath for the overseer.

I A.B. principal overseer of the work carried on at

under the name or firm of do felemlj

swear, That the book of account which I now exhibit contains and true account of the quantity and quality of the fope andftarch speflively employed, /pent, and consumed in each, in the -

ing, bleaching, or whitening flax or, from the

day of to the of

and that the fame was used and

fumed in preparing, bleaching, or finishing flax or cotta goods for sale, and not for private use; and that neither the whole, nor any part of the said dut, has been before drawn back or allowed, to the befl of my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Importation That the whole duties of customs, payable and chargeable by duties on any act or acts of parliament on the importation of brimstone brimstone anc| fa^pCtre, used and consumed in making oil of vitriol, shall consumed in’ he repaid and drawn back on the oath of the maker of such oil making oil of of vitriol at the end of the year from the date of the entry here-vitriol, to be in-after mentioned, or within six months thereafter; and acer-repaid. tificate or debenture shall be given by the collector or comptroller of the customs of the port or district within which such brimstone and saltpetre shall have been used and consumed in making oil of vitriol, equal to the duties and customs paid upon the importation of such brimstone and saltpetre; which debenture shall be paid by the respective commissioners of thecufton# in England and Scotland, out of the money in their hand* anting from the duties on brimstone and saltpetre: provided always, That the maker of such oil of vitriol shall produce acer-- tificate, from the collector or comptroller of the customs where such brimstone and saltpetre was imported, of the fame having paid the duties charged thereon.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authoj Manufactur- rity aforesaid, That no manufacturer of flax or cotton m*11 ers of flax and c|ajm or receive any benefit from this act, unless he shall haw maker* of oil enter^ hi* name and place of abode with the collector of exnfe of vitriol, to of the collection or district wherein such manufacturer shall aff enter their on his manufacture, at lead one year before making his cw®» "umCSof *n entry> Specify the articles upon which a

J7*30 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 77.' 353

back is to be claimed; and that no maker of oil of vitriol shall abode with claim the benefit of this act, unless he shall have entered his thfc co!Jcft°r* name and place of abode with the collector of the customs of custom*. the port or distritSl within which his work shall be carried on, at lead one year before his making his claim, and shall, in such entry, specify the articles upon which a drawback is to be claimed.

VI. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That no fee. Penalty on of-gratuity, or reward whatsoever, shall be required, demanded, Jcer* *akil>g or taken, from any of the said manufacturers, or their overseers f^ure or chief workmen, for making any of the payments of the said Ccpt 6d.*for allowances or drawbacks for fope and (larch confirmed in the writing each said roanufactures, or drawbacks on brimstone and saltpetre, or oath* &c* for making or taking any of the said oaths, or granting any certificate relating thereto, except sixpence for writing every such oath or certificate; upon pain that any of the said officers offending therein shall, for every such offence, pay treble damages to the party aggrieved, besides cods of luit, to be recovered in such manner as any other penalties herein after mentioned.

VII. Andy for the better preventing frauds in -

ing the allowances and payments her, it is hereby further enacted, That if any manufacturer of flax or cotton, or his or her chief workman or overseer, or fu per intend ing manager, or any maker of oil of vitriol, shall, in the oath or oaths Itefein-before directed to be taken, swear any matter or thing that shall be false and untrue, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, such person or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered, to wit, one third part thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other two third parts thereof, with costs of fuir, to the use of the informer or prosecutor; and if such person or persons shall again offend in the like kind, and be thereof duly convicted in* any court of record at Westminster or in any of the courts of Scotland, every such person shall, for every subsequent offence,

suffer such and the like pains and punishments as in cases of wilful and corrupt perjury.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any manufacturer of flax or cotton, or his or her chief workman or overseer employed in keeping the book, in which are required to be entered the weekly consumption of fope and (larch respectively, shall swear any matter or thing that shall be false and untrue, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and be thereof duly convicted in any of the courts aforesaid, such manufacturer, chief workman, or overseer, shall, for the first offence, be committed to the common gaol of the county, city, or place, where the offender shall be convicted, therein to remain for any time not exceeding six months; and for every subsequent offence, shall suffer such and the like pains and pu-nifhmenta a* in cales of wilful and corrupt perjury.

B b 2 IX. And

Manufacturers swearing falsely in the oaths before mentioned, to forfeit tool.

and for a second offence, shall suffer as in cases of Corrupt perjury.

If any manufacturer, or his workman keeping the account of the weekly consumption of fope,

shall swear falsely, he shall be committed for -6 months 3 and for a second offence, suffer as in cases of corrupt perjury.

364

Continuance

of this act.

[Preamble.]

Recital of 1o Geo. 1. c. 10.

5 Geo. 1. c. 14.

Anno Vioefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78, 75.

[178

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue to be in force for and during the full term of two years, and from thence to the end of &tc dial next session of parliament.

1 c a p. Lxxvm.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain fam of money out of the fak* ing fond; and for applying certain raontet therein mentioned for At for vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eightythree \ asd for further appropriating the supplies granted in this (elUon of padia* ment. — *,too,ooool. granted oat of the sinking fund.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for iht further encouraging the growth coffee and ttM

nuts* in his Majesty's ifiands and plantations in America.

WH E REA S by an act*made in the tenth year of his majesty King George the First* ( An act for

repealing certain duties therein mentioned, payable upon coflee, teal, cocoa nuts, chocolate, and cocoa parte, imported; and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibit* ing the importation of chocolate ready made, and cocoa pafei and for better ascertaining the duties payable upon coflce, tea, and cocoa nuts, imported; and for granting relief to Dalzell* late earl of Carnwath*) it was amongst other things nr a fled and declared* That, in lieu of certain then payabltif

former acts* an tnkmd duty should be charged and imposed ell coffee to be sold in Great Britain, from end after the fourth day of June, one thousand hundred and if ter the rate of two /killingsper pound- avoirdupois i'end it that proportion for a greater or lesser and

all customs, subsidies* and duties* which then remained ft

his Majesty for the fame* upon the importation thereof: and wham by an act* made in the fifth year of his late majesty King George

the Second* (intituled An act for encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in after

there was great rtafon to believe* that the foil and climate island of Jamaica, end other British plantations in America, vtrt proper for the growth of coffee; and that great quantities of tba commodity might he produced in the said end frea

thenct imported into this kingdom* if encouragement he %tom for that purpose* to the great advantage of this kingdom* said plantations; therefore* for the encouraging the growth cfcf* in the said plantations* and the importation of the fame into iht kingdom* it was enacted, That* from and after the

of March, one thosofand fevm hundred and thirty-fate* ml ccfnf the growth or yprodufl oj any of the Britiftt for Aatfo*

should* in lieu of the said inland duties of two /hidings per an inland duty of one /hiding and /tuppence* and no men* yeepead weight avoirdupois* and for that proportion for a greater or iff* a fa

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79.

quantity, and that the per fins nominated and appointed, by virtue of the find therein and herein first mentioned act, to manage and telle ft the said inland duty arising thereby, and were thereby

id to

36$

take and reteive the sum of one /billing and sixpence per pound weight, and no more, for all coffee of the growth and product of the British plantations: and whereas the lowering the duty on coffee, the growth and product of the British and

plantations in America, would ftiU more entourage the growth of toffee in the said islands and plantations, if the duty on toffee, the growth and produa of those islands and plantations, should he further lejfintd: now, therefore, be it enacted by the King'*

most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, ^f?m * from and after the fifth day of January,one thousand seven the prod uoeof hundred and eighty-four, all coffee, of the growth and produce the British of any of the British islands or plantations in America, shall, in islands, See. ia Heu of the said inland duty of one (hitting and sixpence per America, to pound weight, pay an inland duty of sixpence per pound weight Sit/of act*1 avoirdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or lesser quan- per pound, V. tity; and the persons nominated and appointed, by virtue of »ead of i«. $dL the said herein first mentioned act, to manage and collect the Dud inland duty to strife thereby, shall, and are hereby inn* powered to take and receive the sum of sixpence per pound weight, and no more, for all coffee, of the growth and produce of the said British islands or plantations above mentioned; any ' thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said duty of The said duty fixpenoe per pound weight avoirdupois, shall be applicable to the to be appli-uses and purposes contained and declared in the said act of the c*b,e ro tfle tenth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the edin^he aa^ First f and ail officers employed in managing and collecting the to Geo. 1. fame, and all persons importing, felling, buying, or dealing in such coffee, shall be subject to the rules, limitations, restridi-00s, forfeitures, and penalties, to be prosecuted, received, and divided, in the manner thereby prescribed antrtireded.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. All the pow* That all the powers, rules, regulations, authorities, directions, methods, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, raising and tc» which, in and by the said act made in the fifth year of the reign covering the > of his feid late majesty King George the Secona, are provided, dutiwgrant^ settled, or established, for managing, railing,'levying, collecting, regulating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties piicabfetothjii thereby granted, shall be exercised, applied, used, and put in exe- a^. cution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, ascertaining, and paying, the said duty upon coffee, hereby imposed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, re* gtrfatioQS, authorities, directions, methods, clauses, penalties, matters, and things, were particularly repeated! and again enacted in the body of this present act.

IY.P^r

S66

Coffee import ed from the said island», &c. to be in such packages, and under such regulations, as

C.

Recital of %i Geo. 3«

c. 55.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79. [1783.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That all coffee, so to be brought from the said islands or plantations, shall be imported in such packages, and in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, restrictions, and forfeitures, as m and by an made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, (intituled An act for the and further improvement,

_ of the revenues of customsexcite, inland and salt duties;

*ftnt Geod in for encouraging the linen manufacture of the Isle of Man;' and a 5 co.3. allowing\the importation of several, the produce and manufacture of the said island under certain and

ons,) are provided and required.

V. And whereas by an act, made in the reign of his present Majesty, An adfc for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great, and for granting certain inland duties upon cocoa nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the ‘ more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for re&ifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with respectc to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of fivepourfds per centum upon the duties of excise imposed by the said act,) it was enacted, That he answered and paid to his, his heirs and successors, for sni

upon all cocoa nuts then, or which

imported into this kingdom, and above all other duties then ol- ready payable for the fame at the cujiom-house, an inland duty ester

the rate of eighteen-pence each pound weight, and in

proportion for a greater or lesser, to the additiesd

impof of five pounds per centum, and of five pounds per centum, in the fame 'manner, and under the same as the additif-

nal duty of five pounds per centum, and five pounds per cento®, are granted to his Majesty by two several the one. made in nineteenth year of his present reign, (intituled An act

for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the.produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the customs and excise in Great ;J

and *1 Geo. 3. °!^er ma^e in tf)etwenty-first year of his present Majesty s

c# ,7. ‘ (intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty

upon the produce of several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of excise in Great Britain:) vd whereas the present high duty upon cocoa nuts may operate to i\l\ couragement of the planters: now, for encouraging the growth ot cocoa nuts in the said islands and plantations, and the imports tion of the fame into this kingdom, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of

19 Geo. c. »5i

January, alt cocoa nuts of the growth and produce of any of the British islands or plantations in, shall, in lieu of the

From Jan. 5.

1784- cocoa nuts, the pro-

Brifilh^islands ^ury ot rifchteen-pence each pound weight avoirdupois, chargeable by the said act, pay an inland duty of sixpence p#

pound

1783O Anno vic&imo tertio Georgii III. c. 79. 3

pound weight avoirdupois, and no more, for each pound weight &c. in Ame-avoirdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or lesser quan- Pca*to Pay ari tity; and the persons nominated by virtue of the said recited act 16n^andc^uty of of the twenty-first year of his present Majesty, to manage and poumUnstead collect the said duty of eighteen-pence pound weight avoir- of is. 6d. dupois, shall, and are hereby impowered to take and receive the sum of sixpence per pound weight avoirdupois, and no more, for all cocoa nuts of the growth and produce of the islands and plantations above mentioned; any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said duty The said duty of sixpence per pound weight avoirdupois shall be applicable to to he applica-the uses and purposes contained and declared in the said act of b!e the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty; and all h» the officers employed in managing and colliding the fame, and all ad of at persons importing, felling, buying, or dealing in, such cocoa Geo. 3. nuts, shall be subject to the rules, limitations, restrictions, forfeitures, and penalties, to be prosecuted, received, and divided, in the manner thereby prescribed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. From Jan. 5. That, from and after the said fifth day of, no cocoa ,78+*no co'.

nuts shall be suffered to be put on board any ship or vessel in 1°* "Aboard any of his Majesty's ifiands or plantations in, until the any vessel in

planter or grower of such cocoa nuts, or his known agent, shall the British make oath or affirmation in writing, before two of his Ma- 1j}and*» jesty’s justices of the peace, in or near to the place where the said thTplamer" cocoa nuts grew, (which oath or affirmation such justices are thereof, See, hereby impowered to administer,) that the fame is actually of has made oath the growth and produce of such planter’s or grower’s planta- r[jat are tion, lying in the district, division, or parish of within of^s own*

the island or colony of; which oath or affirmation plantation,

shall be produced to the collector, comptroller, and naval offi- such oath to cer, or any of them, by the person or persons who shall enter be produced or ship such cocoa nuts, before the entry and shipping thereof t° the proper for Great Britain 5 and such person or persons shall likewise make oath or affirmation before the said officers, or any two of £ °nd anthem, That the cocoa nuts then to be shipped are the very other oath to fame cocoa nuts, and no other than what are mentioned in such be taken, oath or affirmation of the planter or grower, or his known agent, as aforesaid; which oath or affirmation the collector and comptroller of the customs, and naval officer, at the port where the said cocoa nuts are to be loaded, or any two of them, are impowered to administer; and the said collector and comptroller, and naval officer, are hereby required to deliver a certificate of such affidavit or affirmation, under their respective hands and seals, to the commander or master of such ship or vessel on board of which the said cocoa nuts are to be shipped; and the master, or person having command of such ship or vessel, shall, before clearing his ship or vessel, also make oath Master of the in like manner, that he has received such cocoa nuts on board vessel also to his ship or vessel, and that he has no more or other cocoa nuts be sworn.

JJb4 on

368 Anno ficeftmo tertk> GEORGII HI. c. 79. [1783.

an board his ship or vessel than such for which proofs shall be made as aforesaid, and that he will not take or receive aay more cocoa nuts on board before his arrival in Great Britain and making a report of his lading the re; for Which affidavit or affirmation and certificate, the said collector and coaeptroller, or naval officer, shall receive, as a fee or reward, the foot Certificates of five shillings, and no more; and all certificates of such srffiffi* such affiia- vits or affirmations shall, by the commander or matter of such

Vlt*to b* fii ip or vessel importing such cocoa nuts into this kingdom, bo

theiwoper° produced by such matter, or person having command of the officer at the ship o tveffel, to the CoHe&or and comptroller of thecufioms port of iixipor- at the port where such ship shall unlade, at the time of making taiion. his report; and shall at the feme time deliver to such colk&or

and comptroller a certificate, under the hands and feats of the collector and comptroller of the customs, and naval officer, of the port or place where such cocoa nuts shall have been shipped, or any two of them, testifying the particular quantities of such cocoa nuts which shall be so laden, and of which such proofs shall be made as aforesaid, specifying the package or packages in which the fame is contained, with the particular masks, numbers, and 'weights of each package; and the said mafttr shall like wife make oath, or, if he be one of the people called Quakerfolemfily affirm before them, that the cocoa nurs in the said certificate or certificates mentioned were truly taken ea board, as in the said certificate or certificates is expressed; and that after his departure from the place or places where such cocoa nuts, mentioned in such certificate or certificates, wers laden, he did not take on board, or permit to be laden oq board his said ship or vessel, either at sea or elsewhere, any parcel or parcels of cocoa nuts, and that all the cocoa nuts oft board his said <ship are mentioned and set forth in the said cer* Vpon entry of tificate or certificates $ and, upon the entry of such cocoa nuts (ueb nuts at at the custom-house, and paying or securing the several duties the cuttom* then <jue thereon, a mark shall be set on every paroel, denoting

parcel Hull be lt to cont n coc°a nuts of the growth of the British platitati*

marked, to ons, and where and by what ship imported j and thereupon

denote they such parcel and parcels of cocoa nuts, so marked, shall be lodged

*n warehouse or warehouses, purfusnt to the directions of plantation* the wade in the tenth year of the reign of his b*

Stc, majesty King George the First$ and the importer or proprfeif of any parcel or parcels of cocoa nuts, or any other person who shall be employed by such importer or proprietor to make in erftry with the receiver or collector of the said inland duty, fhait deliver to the said receiver or collector the said certificate or certificates of the affidavit or affirmation of the growth of the said cocoa nuts in the Brit.’Jh plantations, made-before^he collector and comptroller of the customs, and naval officer, together with the said oath or affirmation made, as aforesaid, by the matter of such ship or vessel at the port where such cocoa nuts were taken on board, together with the oath or affirmation or a copy thereof, made by the planter or grower before two of

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79.

his Majesty's justices of the peace (here, in (he manner betas*

(firmed 1 as also the said certificate of (be package, marks, and numbers of the cocoa nuts, To laden on board; which said certificate or certificates, oath or affirmation, shall remain with the find colleger or receiver of the said inland doty.

YIH. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no commander, or other person having charge of any ship PenaIfy or vessel, shall take in, or permit to suffer to be taken in, at any ^boftuM take of his Majesty's laid islands or plantations in or at sea, onboard,or

or in any creek, harbour, or other place in America, or shall Und, in Amv-land, or suffer or permit to be landed, out of any ship or vessel nca> *c* in an/ of the said islands or plantations, any cocoa nuts of the growth or produce of any foreign country, (except such cocoa nuts growth, as shall be regularly exported from Greed ,) on pain of (exception.)

forfeiting all such cocoa nuts, and the Aim of two hundred pounds, and lilwwife shall suffer twelve months unprisonraent ;such forfeiture to be sued for, secovered, and adjudged, in any court of record in any of his Majesty's dominions in Europe, or in any of his Majesty's 2(lands or plantations \ and what shall be reco* Application of vexed in pursuance of this a £t, in any court of record in any of penalties, his Majesty's dominions in Europe, shall be paid, one moiety tohi&M^cfty, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and foe for the fame 5 and what Quail be recovered, in the said islands or plantations shall he divided, one third to his Majesty, one third to the governor or commander in chief, and the other third to the person or persons who shall inform or sue fqr the same.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Persons swear-person shall falsely make any oath or affirmation, by this act di- »ng taifely reded to be made, and thereof shall be legally convicted in any U|*dcrthisact, of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, or in any of the courts of admiralty in any of the said plantations where such offence was committed, such person or persons, so guilty,

find! forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and be imprisoned or forging a for the Apace of twelve months; and if any person shall forge or certificate,hc. counterfeit a certificate of the said oath or affirmation, or shall publish such certificate, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, and shall be legally convicted thereof in any of the courts aforesaid, such person shall forfeit the sum of two hun- ^a)1 forfe*lC deed pounds; and such forfeiture shall be paid, one moiety to aool. his Majesty, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the fame, to be recovered and divided as is before directed and appointed. dut*ef

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That by this act the several duties by this act imposed on coffee and cocoa nuts, imposed on the growth and produce of British islands and plantations, shall coce

be fabjedt and liable to additional duties or imposts of five Stable to 1 pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per the additional

centum, severally imposed by the a&$ respectively made in the 5 F*r cents, nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second years of the r«gn S[anteiby-of his present Majesty, upon the produce and amount thereof; and

and u Geo. 3.

37

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 80. [1783.

and that such additional duties or imports of five pounds centum^ five pounds per centum* and five pounds per centum* shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner, and under the same rules and regulations, powers and authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the said additional duties or imports are by the said acts of the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second years of his present Majesty's reign, directed to be collected and paid.

Limitation of

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, actions. That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any matter or thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defendants in such General iflbe. action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of, and by authority of this act; and if afterwards a verdict shall

pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or Treble costs. defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or then), against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for appointing commissio to enquire into the Losses and

vices of all such persons who have in their

ties* and professions* during the late unhappy disfentions in Aotf* rica, inconsequence of their loyalty to his, and attachment

to the British government.

WHEREAS, during the late unhappy disfentions in America, many of your faithful subjects in cenjt-

rreambie. quenceof their loyalty to your and attachment to the British

government* end their obedience to your Majesty's , end

' various other proclamations and issued by your

commissioners* generals*and governors* suffered in their perties* and professions*insomuch that several persons

are reduced from affluence to so Jlraitened as to rt-

quire the aid of a temporary, which has been allotted to then by the commissioners of the treasury* by annual allowances mode* and occasional affljlance by films of money given to them from tbt

revenues of your Majesty's civil the amount of which Us hitherto been made good by parliament; and your faithful commons not doubting but that your Majesty's most eamefi endtfr yours will be employed for procuring from the united states of America refiitution of or recompence for the estates and effects of tboft who have thus unhappily fuffeand intending to give all due m and assiflame to those who may return tq America for the

3?i

Cora mi (Eon* ers appointed for enquiring into the Losses and servicetof the American loyalists.

CommUfion-ert to be sworn.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 80.

of their fortrierpcjftfpons under the provifmal, and to

extend fvch relief to others who may, by particular be

deprived of that advantage, as their respective cases may and the publick affordj to which end, it is necessary that a diligent

and impartial enquiry should be made into the Losses and services of all such persons as may, within the time herein-ajttr limited for that purpose, claim or request such aid or relief as is hereby intended to be pven: Wc pray your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be iTcnadted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and 'Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That John Wilmot esquire, Dahiel Parker Coke esquire, colonel Robert Kingdon, colonel Thomas Dun das and John Marsh esquire, shall be, and they are hereby constituted commissioners for enquiring into the respective losses and services of all Yuch person and persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and professions, during the late unhappy distentions in Americar, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British Government.

II. And be it further enacted, That any three commissioners in this act named, before they enter upon the execution of the fame, shall take an oath before the matter of the rolls for the time being, or one of his Majesty's justices of the court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or barons of the Exchequer, (which they, or either of them, are hereby authorized and required -to administer,) in the form following; that is to say,

I A.B. do fivear, That, according to the of my skill and The oath*

knowledge, I will faithfully, impartiallyand truly execute

the several powers and trusts vefiedin me by an act, (intituled.

An act for appointing commissioners to enquire into the losses and services of all such persons who Jiave (offered in their rights, properties, and professions, during the late unhappy dissentions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government,) according to the tenor and purport of the said act.

And every other of the said commissioners in this act named, shall likewise take the fame oath, before the said three commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said oath as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be CommifBon-lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any three or more er? raayJ?x*" of them, and they are hereby authorized, impowered, and re- ,e#

quired, to examine, upon oath, (which oath they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized to administer,) all persons whom the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to examine touching all such matters and things as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers vested in the said commissioners by this act 3 and all such persons

S7*

Commission-ei> to meet at office of the late fee re tary for America.

Their powers.

Perfoi deliver m fraudulent claims, to be excluded from any compen-hues.

Persons wilfully giving faile evidence, to be liable to the penalties of corrupt perjury.

limitation of the time for receiving

claims.*

Com miffit iters to give an account of their proceedings to the treasury, and to the lecre-taries of date.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8<x [1781.

fons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said commissioners at such time or place as they, or any three or more of them, shall appoint*

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the hid commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized to meet and fit, from time to time, at the office of the late Secretary of hate for the America,ndepartment, with or without adjournment, and to (end their precept or precepts, under their hands and foals, for any person or persons whatsoevec, and for such books, papers, writings, or records, as they shall judge a* ceflary for their information in the execution of the power* vested in the said commissioners by this act; and the said coab* mUEoners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to appoint and employ such clerks^ messengers, and officers, as they shall think meet; which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the fruit in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any thing for such their service, other than (bch salary or reward as the hid commissioners, or any three or more of them* shall think fit t» direct and appoint in that behalf.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if k shall appear to the said commissioners that any person shall have delivered to them an account or claim beyond the real 1oft, with an intent to ohtain snore than a just com pen fat Lon, the said commissioners shall, with all convenient dispatch, report such account or claim, with the evidence taken thereupon, to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, who are hereby authorized to make such further enquiry upon the case as they shall think proper; and if they, or any three of them, shall be of opinion that such account or claim is fraudulent, then facto person shall be abfokitely excluded from any compensation or provision whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons, upon examination upon X>ath before the said comnnffiooers relpedUvely, as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give fallc evidence, every such person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subjc<5l and liable to such pains and penalties as, by any law now in being, per-ions convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subjc and liable to.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no claim or request of any person or persons for aid or relief on account of the loft of any property during the late difientions in shall be

received after the twenty-fifth day of March) one thousand seven hundred and eighty four.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall, from time to time, at their discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required, and as fooft as poffibk after the determination of their examinations and proceedings by virtue of this act, without any further requafirioq, give an *c-

count

171

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertk> Georgii III. c. 8f, 82.

count of their proceedings, in writing, to the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treafory, and to bts Majesty's principal Secretaries of state for the time being.

LX. And be it further eroded, That the lords commissioners Xreasury to of the treafory, or lord high treafuner for the time being, are pay 2tooooU hereby authorized and required to iflite and cause to be paid all to the order Inch Turns of money, not exceeding two thousand pounds, to com" fact! person or persons as the said commissioners, or any three milfionewi dr more of them, fhaR, by writing under their hands, desire or direct, out of any part of the publick monies remain- ing In his Majesty's exchequer; which sum fb issued paid, to cmpyty, Shall be employed for the payment of clerks, messengers, and ed in other officers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or clerks, met-about the execution of the powers of this act, and in such man-

ner and in such proportions, as shall be appointed by the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, by writing under their hands and seals in that behalf; the same to be accounted for, by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according to the course of his Majesty's exchequer without any fee or other charges to be taken on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said commissioners, or any three or more of thert, shall appoint.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ia eafeofva-That in case of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or resignation caocv, by

of anyone or more of the said commissioners, during the recess death, feCrof of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to no-inmate and appoint such person or persons as he may think pro- re£Cfa Qf par-per to supply such vacancy or vacancies; and that every person liament, hie 10 nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be Majesty may inverted with all the fame powers as are delegated to the commissioners appointed by this act.

XI. And be it further eroded, That this act shall continue Continuance -in force for two years from the passing of this act and do of this act. longer.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for preventing the exportation of corn, grain, or meal, with a bounty, during the operation of two acts passed in this present session of parliament for allowing the importation of corn.

Recital of cap. x. of the present session. No bounty to be paid on exportation of corn from England, before Aug. *6, 17*3 5 nor from Scotiapd, before Sept. *6,17*3. Recital of c. 53, of the present session. No bounty in be naia oh exportation of corn from certain counties in Scotland, du -ting tar allowance of importation by the King and council.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for establishing certain regulations in the receipt of his M*m

Jeffs exchequer.

WHEREAS it appears> from the reports made by the -

migtaners appointed toexamine^take and fate publick

accounts

374

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. [*78j.

accounts of the kingdom^ that in the receipt of his exchequer there are several useless, and unnecessary offices; and that the emoluments arising from other of the offices in the fid receipt of exchequer, are become excessive; and that the mode of paying the officers by allowances, is inconvenient

both to the public and to individuals: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several offices of the two chamberlains, the tally cutter, and of the ulher of the exchequer, shall, from and after the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the present possessors of such offices respectively, and after the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the persons respectively entitled thereto, after the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the present possessTors, be abolished.

II. And be it enacted, That, upon the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the two chamberlains in the receipt

Kofe^entitfeci his Majesty's exchequer, instead of the tally now in use to after them, denote the receipt of money at the said receipt, there shall be substituted an indented cheque receipt of each sum so received; which receipt shall be made out by the officer of the auditor attending in the tally court, signed by him, and by the officer of the clerk of the pells; and upon passing any account of money received, the receipt shall be produced, together with the account, and examined with the counterfoil of the cheque in the office of the auditor; and the account shall be compared with the entry in the office of the auditor, and with the record substituted in- the office of the clerk of the pells, and the truth of the ac-stead of the count shall be certified by the officers checking the fame; and the custody of one of the keys to the tellers chefis, the (land* ard weights and measures, and the (landard pieces of gold and silver, shall be committed to the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer; any former usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted, That, upon the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the ulher of the exchequer, and up-

of the present on the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the per* ujher, and of son entitled to the said office, after the death, surrender, for* f *h^n^essary ^e'ture» or removal, of the present possessor of the said office, article* the chief or presiding officer, in each respective office in the which have said receipt of exchequer, shall supply his office with all such been provided necessary articles as have been heretofore provided by the ulher ^ulher, the receipt. an(j such chief or presiding officer (hah be a e up" allowed such annual sum of money, for and in lieu of all such necessary articles, so heretofore provided by the ulher of the said receipt, as shall be appointed by the commissioners of his Ms*

The office of the two-’ chamberlain!, tally cu;ter, and uftier of the exchequer, after the death, &c. of the present

to be abolished.

Upon the death, &c. of the chamberlains, an indented cheque receipt to be

tally now used, See

Upon the death. Sec

tall be (up plied by the presiding officer in each office.

After the de-

jel^’s treasury.

And be it enacted, That, from and after the determi-^mination'of nat,orv of the inter eft of each of the four tellers in the receipt the interestof of his Majesty's exchequer, the office of second clerk to each u ' respective

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82#' 375

respective teller shall be, and the fame is hereby abolished; and the tilers, the proportion of fees, now belonging to such second clerks, f^ondclerk shall be carried to, and made part of, the monies herein after to b" abol5h-directed to be reserved for the purposes in this a mentioned, cd.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the death, fur- After the render, forfeiture, or removal, of the present auditor, of the pre- death, &c. of sent clerk of the pells, of any or either of the four tellers; or two the present chamberlains of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, the Ji"rk of the payment of all salaries, fees,' allowances, perquisites, gratui- pen, &c. ties, and emoluments, to the said several officers in the receipt the payment of the exchequer, shall cease and be discontinued 5 and that gratuities, in lieu and instead thereof, there shall be paid to the auditor [[^'officers the sum of four thousand pounds per a to the chief clerk shall cease.

of the auditor, one thousand pounds per annum; to the clerk Certain sums of the pells, three thousand pounds per ;to the first clerk to be paid to the clerk of the pells, eight hundred pounds annum 5 to l"(lca<* the first clerk to the clerk of the pells, as receiver of the money 00 arising from the fees herein after directed to be received, two hundred pounds per annum5 to each of the four tellers, two thousand seven hundred pounds per annum; to each of the first clerks to the said four tellers, one thousand pounds per annum: and the said auditor, clerk of the pells, and four tellers respectively, are hereby impowered to appoint such other clerks and officers, to aflUt in their respective offices, as they shall judge necessary; and such clerks and other officers shall be paid such salaries out of the fees herein after directed to be received for their trouble and attendance in the offices aforesaid, as to the said auditor, clerk of the pells, and four tellers respectively,

shall appear fit and proper; subject, nevertheless, to the controul and approbation of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being; which shall be accepted by them in lieu of all fees, allowances, gratuities, and emoluments, heretofore paid to or received by them; and such salaries as afore- After which said shall be paid and payable out of the fees herein after di- *e-redted to be received; and if any of the officers aforesaid (ex- ^ceift, &c.) cept the person or persons herein after directed to receive such hiall forfeit 7 fees) shall receive or demand any fees, allowances, gratuities, their offices, or emoluments, every such officer so offending, shall be adjudged to have forfeited his office, and his office is hereby declared to be forfeited accordingly; and being convicted thereof in due form of Jaw, shall moreover be subject and liable to the penalties inflicted by law for extortion.

VI. And be it enacted, That upon the death, surrender, Cto death, forfeiture, or removal, of any or either of the four tellers or °ftel,^s[ ?r two chamberlains of the said receipt of exchequer, the pro- howtheirpro-portion of fees belonging to the respective officer so dying, fur- portion of rendering, forfeiting, or being removed, shall be carried to tees shall be and made part of the monies arising from the fees herein after disposedot. f directed to be reserved for the payment of the several sums directed to be paid by this act; and the officer who shall succeed to the respective office, so vacant by death, surrender, forfeit-

lure.

Clause nU« five to the tally ctuMr and hisdc* pufty.

Taxes tow is be paid.

Feet to whom to be paid;

376 Anno vioefirno tertio Georgii III. c. 8a.

[1783.

Wt, or removal as aforesaid, his respective deputy and derJts, Audi to paid their respective felaries, herein-before directed to to allowed to them respectively, out of such monies directed to be reserved as aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That in case of the death, farread-er, forfeiture, or removal, of the tally cutter, before the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the two chamberlains, the said office of tally cutter shall be discontinued, and the dim of such office shall to executed by the deputy of such tally cutter, who shall to’paid his salary or allowance, out of the monies fa reserved as aforesaid, and the fees and gratuities now paid to and received qjr the tally cutter shall to carried to and made part of the mobies suiting from the fees herein after directed to be reserved for the payment of the several timu directed to to paid by this act.

VIII. And be it eoa&ed, That all taxes, to which the officers afore laid are now subject, shall to paid out of the monies anting by the fees herein after directed to to received.

IX. And be it enacted, That, the fame fees and gratuities that are now allowed and taken by the several and respective officers aforesaid, shall (till continue to be paid and received by the first clerk to the clerk of the pells, who is hereby authorised and appointed to receive the feme, or, in his absence, by the next senior clerk in the pell office, who shall give Inch security for duly accounting far the feme, as shall be approved of by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being; and a^Miticular and ditiinct account shall to kept thereof, and shall to accounted for to the commissioners of his Ma-

and how to be jesty’s treasury far the time being, who are hereby required applied. to direct the surplus, if any shall remain after the paymeot of the respefithre fame herein-before directed to to paid, to be carried to the account of the monies applicable to the uses of his Majesty's civil government, and to the fund commonly called the Sinking F*</, in the proportions following; that is to fey,* one third part thereof to the account of the monies applicable to the uses of his Majesty's civil government, and the remaining two third parts thereof to the Taid (inking fund; bat in case the fees, herein-before directed to be reserved for pay* ing the several sums directed by this act to be paid thereout, shall not be sufficient to answer and pay the same, then, a#d in that case, the feme shall be paid and payable out of the monies applicable to the uses of his Majesty's civil goveromco?, and out of such of the monies of the said (inking fund as are not directed to to applied by any act or adfe of parliament, fa Houses appro- the proportions here in-before mentioned;

X. And n caz&eA, That the houses at profent appremri-auditor, and ated for the use of the auditor, the four tellers, and of the uU*r other officers, of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, shall after the dftfo shall, after surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the present officers, or tW

vdfed or e*ther °* ttom, to no longer annexed to their respedawey^ in hit Ma- fices, but shall be vested in his Majesty, his heirs and foeceflqj* jesty. XI. And

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83.’ 377

XI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of No office in this act, fr shall not be lawful to grant any office in the receipt the c*chequer of his Majesty's exchequer, either in possession or reversion, contrary*!* in any other manner than subject to the directions of this act. tbit aft.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for granting relief to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by allowing further time for the payment of certain sums, and to become due to the public, and by advancing to the said on the terms therein mentioned, a certain fun? of money to be raised by loans or -quer bills; and to enable the said company to make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the proprietors at one thousand seven hundred and eighty 5 and to regulate the future payment of debentures of drawbacks on East India goods*

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England Preamble, trading to the East Indies, Jland indebted to his for customs on goods imported, in sundry sums of, amounting

together to the sum offix hundred forty four thousand hundred

forty-tbr(e pounds, seventeen JhiUmgs, and after making

certain deductions and allowances, to which by law the said company are intitled, on due payment of the said customs on or before the respective days on which the fame become due; which said customs became due at the several and respective times mentioned, (that is to Jay), the sum of one hund Recital of the

three hundred sixty seven pounds, twelve shillings, and four pence, sums due part thereof, on the first day of December, one thousand seven

dred and eighty one; the sum of one hundred ninety-one thousand Majesty* eight hundred sixty-eight pounds, four and, other part thereof ',on the twenty-third day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the sum of fifteen thousand nine hundred thirty-one pounds, and seventeen shillings, other part

of\on the twenty-second day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the sum of two thousand one hundred and fifty pounds, four failings, and seven-pence y other part on the twenty-third day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two i the sum of twenty-three thousand one eight pounds, four shillings, and four-pence, other part on the twenty sixth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two j the sum of forty-two thousand one hundred and five pounds, six shillings, and ten-pence, other part on the

tieth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

and the sum of two hundred and six thousand one hundred ttvo pounds, seven shillings, and five-pence, residue thereof, on the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three: and whereas the said united company will become further indebted to his Majesty for other customs on goods, before the tenth day of December, one thousand ftvtnhundred and eighty-threin further sums

378 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. [1783.

of money* to the amount of two hundred and seventy thousand or thereabouts: and whereas, by means of the, alreedy

due and hereafter to become due, not being paid at the times the fame became due or/ball become, as the company, besideslofing the benefit of the fetid deductions and allow anas,are and will be liable to pay interest for the fame, at and after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum i by an act made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Recital of Majesty, (intituled An act for eflahli thing an agreement with a 1 Geo. III. the united company of merchants of England trading to the cap. 65. - £afl Indies, for the payment of the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for the use of the publick, in full discharge and satisfaction of all claims and demands of the publick from the time the bond debt of the said company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, until the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, in re-spedt of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and also for securing to the publick in respect thereof, for a term therein mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear revenues and profits of the said company; and for granting to the said company, for a further term, the foie and exclusive trade to and from the East and limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the said company, as well in India as in, and the recruiting the military forces of the said company) it was amongst other things enacted, That the sum of four hundred thousand pounds should, by the said united company, be paid into the receipt of his Majestfs exchequer, at the times and in the proportions therein the loft

of which payments was of the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, and was to have been made on the first day December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, for the use of \the publick, as therein is -

ed; and in case the said united company should make failure in any of the said payments, on or before the days therein ,then the money whereof such failure in payment should be made, shoidd recovered to his Majestys use by such or as therein is

mentioned; and upon such action or suit 'there should be further recovered to his Mqj(fly'sufe, against the said united company, damages after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annum,

spective monies Jo unpaid contrary to the said act, together-with fill

cojls offuit: and it wis thereby further, and after the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, for and during so long time as the said united company^ under the authority of that, should be intitled to the whoUy jAt and exclusive trade and traffick, and from the East Indies, and places aforesaid, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and re, after defraying the charges and expemes attending the fame, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, providing for the current payment of inter efty and other outgoincharges, and expences of the fidd companjy should from time to time he disposed of and applied in man-

379

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83.

ner therein and btrein-afttrmentioned\ (that is

he lawful for the said united company to Jet apart and, in the first place, in each and every year sum as should be equal

to eight pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital stock of the said united company of three millions two hundred thousand pounds; and in case there should remain a surplus of the said clear revenues and profits, above the said sum of eight pounds per Centum

per annum, so to be retained by the said united company as three fourth parts of such surplus profits should be set apart and applied for the ufo of the publicity and the remaining one fourth part

thereof should be reserved and retained by the said united company for their own use: and it was thereby further That it

should be lawful for the said united company to apply such money as they were therein before authorized to> retain to themselves, and also other money in the said abl mentioned, in the payment of dividends to the proprietors of the flock of the said united, not exceeding the rate of twelve pounds and ten per centum per

annum, provided the bond debt of the said united company did not at any such time exceed one million five hundred thousand pounds \ and provided that they did not increase the present dividend of eight pounds per centum per annum more than at the rate of one pound per centum in each and every year order to ascertain the

yearly nett profits ariftni from the said united company's trade and revenues, it was further enabled. That the said united company

should cause to be made up yearly, for each and every during the term therein mentioned, with as much accuracy as the nature of the case would admit, a fiatement of the profit and loss upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said united toge-

ther with a*state of the debts of the said united company in England, from the first day o/March in every, to the first day of March in each Jucceeding year; which said account was to be signed and delivered to the commissioners of his Majesty's or the high

treafierer for the time being, as therein is mentioned: and whereas a fiatement hath been duly made up of the profit and loss upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said united company from the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, to the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

whereby it appears, that the nett profits of the said united company in that year did not amount to so much as a dividend upon of the said united company at the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, by the sum of two hundred fifty five thousand eight hundred and thirteen pounds: and whereas the payment of the said sum of six hundred forty-four thousand seven hundred forty-three pounds, ftvtttieen shillings and two-pence, which became due for at

[tub several times as htrein-befort are mentioned, and of the said

sum of one hundred thousand pounds, which becqme due on the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eight-one, bath

been postponed, and further time allowed for the payment thereof

until the tenth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, by the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, pursuant to power to thefts for that purpose given in and by an all made in

y

3$q Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83.

[178J.

Recital of this present session of parliament, (, An act to discharge the* resent an(* indemnify the-united company of merchants of England

i'efTion. trading to the East Indies, from all damages, interest, and lodes,

in respect to their not making regular payment of certain sums due, and to become due, to the publick, and to allow further time for such payment; and to enable the company to borrow acertain sum of money; and to make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the proprietors at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty'three); the fame all, in

order to give a temporary relief to the said united, respoO

to their commercial debts, it was, That it be lawful for the said united company to borrow money, and binds under their common seal, as the affairs of the said company might require, not exceeding the sum of five hundred thousand pounds beyond the amount of the company's tnen present bond debt: and whereas the issuing of such bonds as will encrease the fend

company's bond debt beyond the sum of one million five hundred -/and pounds: and whereas, by means of the expences of the wars and hostilities in India and in Europe, the find company is become much distressed in their affairs at home: upon confederation

it is found necessary to grant further relief to the said ,by

allowing further time for the payment of the said, due aid, to become due to his Majesty, and by lending the said company a

ther sum of moneys as herein-of ter; and it is fit and expedient that the said company should be allowed to continue their present dividend at Christmas next, at the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present CommHlion- parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ers of the it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his treasury im- Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of PUo«Tthet0 0 to P°ftpone and allow further time for the payment of

company fur* the said sum of six hundred sorry-four thousand seven hundred ther time for forty-three pounds, seventeen shillings, and two-pence, whkh payment of became due for customs at fu h several times as herein-before and to'become are mentioned, and of the said sum of one hundred thousand due, to his pounds, which became due on the first day of, one

Majesty. thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and to allow time for payment of such Turns as shall become due for customs before the tenth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or any part or parts of the said several sums respectively, unto such time or times as they shall think fit, not exceeding forty days next after the commencement of the next session of parliament; and if the said united company do sod shall pay the said sums respectively, at such time or times to which the said payments, or any part thereof respectively, shall be postponed as aforesaid, the same shall be accepted and received in like manner as if the said sums respectively bad been paid on or before the several and respective days on which the

laid

41

3

I

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83.

said sums became due; and the said united company, upon such payment at such postponed time or times, shall be freed and discharged from all damages, interest, and Losses, which they became liable to by means of not having made the said payments respectively at the several times on which the fame became due i and shall be intitled unto, and have the fame dif-coilnts, allowances, and advantages, as if the said sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective days on which they became due; any thing in the said recited acts, or any other act or acts of parliament, in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And, in order to give further relief to the said united -

patty in respect to their debts, and the better to enable them to pay

thefarnty we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do roost humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted j and Commissionera be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall of the treasury and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now and for the time being, or any three or more of queens them, or for the high treasurer for the time being, and he and die amount they respectively are or is hereby authorized and impowered, of 300,000l.! at any time or times before the tenth day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, by his or their warrant or warrants, to direct, or cause to be prepared and made, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, any number of exchequer bills, for such sum or sums of money as he or they shall think most proper and convenient, so as all the principal sums to be contained in the bills so to be made forth by virtue of this act, do not exceed in the whole the sum of three hundred thousand pounds, (exclusive of any exchequer bills that afe or may be made forth by virtue of any other act or acts passed in this session of parliament, for the publick service); !° ^lJran|W' and the said exchequer bills, so to be made forth in pursuance percent, of this act, shall bear an interest not exceeding the rate 6f per annum, four pounds and fifteen shillings per centum per, and pro-pqrt ion ably for any greater or less sum to be contained therein,

4b be payable to the bearers thereof respectively; which said exchequer bills shall be made out in the like manner, form, and Order, and according to the same or like rules and directions, as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, (in-, tltuled. An act for granting on aid to his Majesty by a land U be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one -sand seven hundred and eighty three), arc enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills authorized to be made forth in 7^ bills to pursuance of the said act; and the commissioners of his Ma- be delivered jesty’s treasury now or for the time being, or any three or to the court nspreof them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are ^director*, or i$ hereby authorised and impowered to direct the said ex- c* chequer bills to be delivered to or to the order of the court of dirq&ors of the said united company, to be by them passed $w*y and negotiated for the purpose of raising money to pay

38*

relating to exchequer bills, in the land tax act of this session.

shall be applied to the bills to be made in fuance 01 aft.

of

ur-

this

Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. [1783.

the debts, and \o answer other the occasions and affairs of the - said company.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All the That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, clauses, Ssc, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained re atinetoex- t^c faij ]aft mentioned act, relating to the exchequer bills authorized to be made out by the same act, (except such clauses as do charge the fame on the duties granted by the same act, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid (except, &c,)for the forbearance of the money lent on the credit of the said

aft, and also except as herein after is mentioned), shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made forth in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills, to be made out by virtue of this act, shall, after the fame hath or have been issued at the receipt of the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the sixth day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, received, or pass or be current to any receiver or collector in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwise or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment before the said sixth day of nor shall any

receiver or collector exchange, at any time before the said sixth day of April, for any mdney of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or colkftof for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money, before the said sixth day of j any thing in the said act, made in this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid his Majesty by a land, U raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one hundred and eighty-three* or in this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such exchequer bills, together with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the la®c» shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the monies to be pa^ the exebeouer into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the united com-IndUcom- pany of merchants of England trading to the East, to d* paays manner and at the times herein after directed and appointed;

nor exchanged before April 6, 1786.

Action not to lie for such refusal.

Money so raised to be repaid opt of the monies to be paid into

i7®3«] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. 383

and in case such monies, so to be paid into the receipt of the and if suffi-exchequer, shall not be sufficient to satisfy and discharge all ^e"t Monies the principal monies contained in such exchequer bills, toge-gether with all the interest, premium, nrte, and charges, in- April 6, 1786, pident to and attending the fame, and that shall incur and grow due thereupon before the said sixth day of Aprils then, and in to be charged such case, the said exchequer bills, or such part thereof as shall on the next remain unsatisfied and uncancelled, together with all the in- parliamentary terest due and to grow due thereupon, and all other charges aid and expences incurred, or to be incurred, in respect of the iatne exchequer bills, shall be charged and chargeable upon,^ and payable out of, the first aids or supplies that shall or may be granted by parliament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty*fix; and in case sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Sly^n the day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, then sinking fund, all the said exchequer bills, together with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fame,

shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such monies as, at any tiirie or times at or before the said fifth day of July9 shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of thfe surplusses, exc^fles, overplus-monies, and other reven- ties composing the fuhd commonly called the Sinking

(except such monies of the said (inking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf); and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the fame can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off.

Cancelling, and discharging, such exchequer bills so remaining tmcancelled and unpaid, together with the interest, premium, cate, and charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money, sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever monies shall be so issued out of the Monies so if-said surplusses, excesses, overplus-monies, and other revenues £acdout°flhe composing the, said sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be to^"^5iaced replaced by and out of the first aids or supplies to be then after Cut of the first granted in parliament. supplies.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and com- Bank author, pany of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty, rized toad-at the receipt of the exchequer or to the said united company, *ar,ce the said upon the credit of the exchequer bills directed to be made forth credUof this by virtue of this art, any sum or sums of money, not exceed- a&} ing in the whole the sum of three hundred thousand pounds; an any thing in an art, made in the fifth and sixth years of the GuL&5Maria reign of king William and queen Mary, intituled An notwithUaud-

granting to their Majesties several rates and duties upon tonnage g.

ships and veffMsy and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for securing Pertain recomp enus and advantages in the said ah mentioned to such

C c 4 ' j-

3?4

How the pro* fits anting from the ter* ritorial acqui-fitions, and the trade of the company, shall be applied*

After the debts due to his Majesty are paid, the surplus profits of the company to be paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

Company impowered to pay per cent

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. [1783.

persons as fall voluntarily advance the sum of one million five bn*

dred thousand pounds, towards carrying-on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas, in the present circumstances of the East India company, it will not be in their power to provide for the say*

went of the said debts due to his, or for the repayment tf

such loan as aforesaid, and for again reducing their bond debt to au

million five hundred thousand poun (which is expedient to bt

done), unless the public should agree to forego for the all for-

ticipation in the profits arising from the territorial acyuifitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, in order that provtfhn \ may be made for such payments as aforesaid; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That until the said debts due to his Majesty shall be paid, the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds repaid, and the bond debt of the said company be again reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and expences attending the fame, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payments of interest, and other outgoings, charges, and expences, of the said company, and for such dividends to the proprietors of the stock of the said company as they shall be intitled or allowed to make, receive, and take, shall from time

to time be disposed of and applied in manner following} that is to say. In the first place, in diminution and payment of the said debts due to his Majesty, until the same shall be fully paid; and afterwards in diminution and payment of the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds, and interest, and for defraying the charges incurred in respect thereof; and then in reducing the bond debt of the said company until the same shall be reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds.

IX. And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid, That after the said debts due to his Majesty shall be paid, and until the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds shall have been repaid, the said united company shall from time to time pay, or cause to be paid, into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, such surplus of the clear revenues and profits of the said company as is herein-before directed to be applied in such payment; which said payments shall be made as often as the said company shall have money which can be appropriated for that purpose; and the same shall be applied* in the first place, for answering and paying all such interest, premium, rate and charges, as shall have grown due in respect of the exchequer bills made out, issued, and circulated as aforesaid; 3P.d in the next place, as far as the fame will extend, for paying off, cancelling, and discharging, all such of the said exchequer bills as shall then remain uncancelled.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said united company to fct apart and apply at Christmas next, so much

money

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84, 85^ 385

money as shall be equal to four pounds per centum on the capi- for the next tal of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, as and for a dividend to the proprietors of the (lock or the said company V1 D for half a year, from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said deficiency of two hundred fifty-five thousand eight Deficiency of hundred and thirteen pounds, appearing in the said annual *55>8l3hm account made up to the first day of March, one thousand seven account"* hundred and eighty-three, shall be carried forward as a charge be carriedfor-in the account of the present year. ward as a

All. And whereas sundry drawbacks of part of the duties of charge in thur customs payable on East India goods,are allowed on the exportation !ac~

of such goods from this kingdom, the debentures for which - un backs are often paid to the East India company as cash, in part of payment of goods sold at the company's Jales: and whereas the said debentures cannot be received and allowed, by the officers of his Majesty's customs,tn payment of any duties of other than

the customs due for the fame species of goofs for which the said debentures are made, by reafoH whereof the said company are often obliged to keep the said debentures for a great length of time; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and Ctause rela-every debentures, for payment of any drawbacks of the duties tivetopjy-of customs on East India goods, shall all times be received from the united company of merchants of England trading, to drawbacks on the East Indies, by the officers of his Majesty's customs, in pay- East India ment of any kind of duties of customs due from the said goods, united company on East India goods, in like manner as if such debentures were paid in for duties of customs dde on the fame kind of goods therein mentioned and contained.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An a<Sl to enable his Majesty to raise a farther sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, to pay off and discharjge the debts due and owing on the civil list.—'To raise 55,000l. as in the land tax act.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity for the use of the

right honourable fir George Augustus Eliott, knight of the mo ft honourable order of the Bath, in confederation of the eminent servicet performed by him to his Majesty and this

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS your Majesty, by your most gracious message to your faith/ul commons, has been pleased to signify your desire of conferring feme fegnal mark of your royal favour upon tpe right honourable fir George Augustus Eliott, knight of the most

honourable

s

*86

A life annuity of 1,5001 per ann. settled on iir George Augustus Eliott, and bitfon Francis Au-guftus Eliott)

to commence from Sept. 13. 1782, and to be paid quarterly.

The annuity to be paid at the exchequer! without tees#

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85. [1783.

honourable order of the hath^ for the very and

services performed by him to your Majesty and this

brave and gallant defence of Gibraltar* and for that to

to the said fir George Augustus Eliott, for the term of bit, and for the life of his fon9 Francis Augustus Eliott, an annuity if one thousand five hundred pounds per annum; but that it net bay

in your Majestys power to grant the, or to settle

nuity beyond the term of your Majesty i own life, the houseto consider of a proper method of enabling your

grant the said annuity, and of settling and securing the fame in the I most effectual manner for the benefit of the said fir George Auguf* I tus Eliott: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subject, i the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, duly conGdering your Majesty's most gracious intention, do moA humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said fir George, his

executors, administrators, and assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, at the receipt of the exchequer, for and during the natural lives, of him, the said fir George, and of his

son, Francis Augufius Eliott, for and during the natural life of the longer liver of them, one annuity, or yearly rent or sum of one thousand (ive hundred pounds of lawful money of Britain, out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the duties and revenues which compose the fund, commonly called Tht Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the fame; but with preference to all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said aggregate fund;) which said annuity, or yearly rent or sum, shall commence and take effect from the thirteenth day of September, which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the first payment to be computed from the said thirteenth day of, which was

in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until the fifth day of July* in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at trse four usual days of payment in the year 5 that is to say, the tenth day of toe

fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils and the fifth day of July, in each and every year, by even and equal portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now being, and the high treasurer and under treasurer of the exchequer, and commissioners of the treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by warrant under their hands, to dire# tb* auditor of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the wm

being,

9

3*7

The warrant for payment of the annuity not to be determinable upon the demise of his Majesty, &c*

83.7 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85.

og, to make forth and pact debentures, from time to time, lying the said annuity, or yearly rent or sum of one thou-nve hundred pounds, as the same shall from time to time e due and payable, without any fees or charges to be ded or taken for paying the fame, or any part there-$ which said warrant, and the debentures to be made forth d passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient authority to the feve*

|nd respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer now for the time being, for the payment of the (hid annuity, or Tj rent or sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, to the fir George Augujhis Eliott, his executors, administrators, v afljgns, at the respective quarterly feast days in this act be-s‘ appointed for payment thereof, without any further or r warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf,

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-d,.That after signing of such warrant, the same shall be good, id, and effectual in law, according to the purport and true ning thereof, and of this act, and shall not be determinable revocable by or upon the demise of his Majesty, (whom God S preserve!) or or any of his heirs or successors, or by or up-the death or removal of any of the said commissioners of treasury, or the lord high treasurer, or by or upon the de-tnation of the power, office, or offices or them, or any of

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commissio-!hat the commissioners of the treasury now being, and the high JJ^furr

jbrer of the treasury for the time being, chancellor and un- chancellor of treasurer, chamberlains and barons of the exchequer, and the exche-jother the officers and ministers of the court of exchequer, q"«» are ~ of the receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, {hin« necef-they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and requir- the\

so do, without fee or reward, all such acts, matters, and execution of gs, as are herein-before directed and required, or shall be this act, with--f!ary to be done and performed by them or any, or either out them, in, order to render this act, and the several payments reby directed, effectual.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the ac- Tbc recc- t ittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of the said fii^offir George

7/ Attgujlus Eliott, his executors, administrators, and af-Augustns

s, or of such other person or persons as shall be intitled or El*ott» h» ex-orized to receive the said annuity, or yearly rent or sum, 52*bcafuffi-any part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient discharge for cient dif-payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to charge, sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said an- Annuity to be ity, or yearly rent or sum, and every part thereof, shall be tax-free, and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other publick rges ‘ whatsoever: and in case any of the officers of the How the an-*pt of his Majesty's exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay naity (kid annuity, or yearly rent or sum, or any part thereof, ac- recovert ding to the true intent and meaning of this act, or to do any ft necessary to enable the said fir George Augujluz, his

u executors.

388

[Preamble.]

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86. [1783.

executors, administrators, or assigns, to receive the same, then the said George Augufeus Eliott, his executors, administrators or assigns, may from time to time sue, prosecute, and implead such officers, or any of them, their executors and administrators, by bill, plaint, or altion of debt, and shall or may recover judgements, and sue out executions thereupon, against such of* ficers respectively, their heirs, executors, or administrators, for so much of such sum or Turns of money then due and owing upon the said annuity, yearly rent or sum, or any part thereof, as shall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer at the time or times when demands shall have been legally made of the payment of the said annuity, yearly rent or funr, or any part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the refusal or neglect to do any act necessary to be done by such officer or officers, to enable the said fir George Augustus Eliott, his executors, administrators, and assigns, to receive the same.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on George hri Rodney, and the two next per font to whom the barony of Rodney shall depend, in confederation of the eminent / performed

the said George lord Rodney to his Majesty and the publitk.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty, by your mo ft gracious meftoge tt your most faithful commonshas been pleased to, Tbs your Majesty having taken into your royal confederation the many eminent and fegnal services performed by George Brydges Rodney

Rodney, vice admiral of England, and one of the admirals of lit white, his conduct in the West Indies three in the months of April and May, one thousand hundred ad ' eighty, with a superior French fleet, under the command of the cent de Guichen; and his great and glorious victories over the Spanish fleet, on the fixt. tenth day of January, one thousand seven hundrd

and eighty, on his voyage to the relief of the of Gibraltar;

and over the French fleet in the West Indies, the twelfth k) of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; not only honourable to himself, but greatly beneficial to your Majesty's kingdoms; your Majesty was deferousto bejlow feme confederate and lifting mark of your royal favour, as a testimony of your Majesty's approbation for the said services \ and for this purpose to give and unto the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and to tbt two next Jucteeding heirs male of the body of the said George Brydges

Rodney lord Rodney, to whom the title of lord Rodney Jim defend, for and during their lives, a nett annuity of two thousmi pounds per annum; but your Majesty, not having it in your MW* to grant an annuity to that amount, or to extend the effect of tbt ft# grant beyond the term of your Majeseown life, recommended it

four faithful commons, to confeder of a proper method of

1783 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86. 38$

your Majesty to grant the fame, and of e, [(curing, and settling^ such annuity to the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney. and to the two next persons on whom the title of lord Rodney

shall defend, in such manner as should be thought most effectual for the benefit of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and his family: we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, duly considering your Majesty's most gracious intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That one annuity, or yearly rent or sum a life an-of two thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, shall nuityof *ooook \jc i flu ing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable up- j*rannumftt-on, the duties and revenues which compose the fund, com* Rodney °and nrionly called The Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them, the two next' f after paying, or reserving Sufficient to pay, all such sum and succeeding turns of’money sis have been directed by any former act or acts bcjrs to hl# of parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with preference m c* to all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of, the said aggregate fund;) and the same shall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of air taxes and deductions whatsoever, in manrter abd form following; (that is to say,) to George Brydges Rodney now lord

Rodney, for and during the natural life of the said George Brydges

Rodney lord Rodney, and from and after his decease, unto the

two next succeeding heirs male of the body of the said George

Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, on whom the said title, honour,

and dignity of lord Rodney shall descend, for and during the ir

natural lives; which said annuity, or yearly rent or sum, shall to commence

commence and take effect From the twelfth day of April, which from April ft,

was in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and bJ^id^uar*

eighty-two; the first payment to be computed from the said tcrly^ <*uar#

twelfth day of April, which was in the year of our »lofd one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until the fifth day of

July, in the year of our lord cne thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable

at the four usual days of payment in the year; that is to say,

the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in each and every year, by

even and equal portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commis- *n,e annuity sioners of his Majesty's treasury now being, and the high trea- to be paid at surer and under treasurer of the exchequer, and commissioners the «xche* of the treasury for the time being, and they are hereby autho- wlbout rized and required, by warrant under their hands, to direct the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass debentures, from time to time, for paying the said annuity or yearly rent or sum of two thousand

390 Anno viceGnpo fcertk> Georgii III. c. 86.

[1^3.

faiid pounds, in manner as aforesaid, and as the feme (ballt from time to time, become due and payable, without any feet or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof; which said warrant, and the debentures to be made forth, and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient authority to the several, and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the said annuity, or yearly rent or sum, to the said

Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and the two next succeeding heirs

male-of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney at the respective quarterly feast days in this act before appointed for payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf*

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-The warrant said. That after signing of such warrant, the same shall be good, for payment, valid, and effectual in law, according to the purport and true of the an- meaning thereof, and of this act, and shall not be determinable bedetermfn- or revocable by or upon the demise of his Majesty,) whom God abre upon the long preserve!) or of any of his heirs or successors, or by or demise of his upon the death or removal of any of the feidcqinmissioners of Majesty, &c. the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Commission- That the commissioners of the treasury now being, and the

ers of the high treasurer of the treasury for the time being, chancellor and

treasury, under treasurer, chamberlains and barons of the exchequer, and

theexche-°* ot^er *ke °®cers an^ ministers of the'court of exchequer* quer, See.are and of the receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall*

to do all and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and re-

thjjJE* quiied to do, without fee or reward, all such acts, matters, ind

exeemion^of things, as are herein*before directed and required, or shall be this a St,with- necessary to be done and performed by them, of any or either out feet. of them, in order to render this act, and the several payments

hereby directed, effectual.

The receipt V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of lord Rod- acquittance or acquittandfes, receipt or receipts, of the said Gift* J?cy* ind hl# Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and the two next succeeding heirs shall be a fuf- ma^e l^c body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodty, ficient dif- on whom the said title shall defeend, shall be a good and Just* charge. cient discharge for the payment of the said annuity or yearly sum, without any further or other warrant to be sued for or Annuity to obtained in that behalf; and that the said annuity, or yearly be tax-free, rent or sum, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear fro* How the an- all taxes, impositions, and other charges whatsoever: and in nuity may be case any of the officers of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer recovered. shall rcfufc or neglect to pay the said annuity, or yearly rent of sum, or any part thereof, according to the true intent ing of this act, or to do any act necessary to enable the W George Brydges Rodney lord, and the twp next fiKceediqj heirs male of the body of the (hid George Brydges Rodney h*®

39*

r7®3.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 87.*

Rodneyon whom the said title, honour, and dignity of lord Rodney shall descend, to receive the same, then the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and the two next succeeding heirs nale of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord

on whom the said title shall descend, may, from time to time, sue, prosecute, and implead such officers, or any of them, their heirs, executors, or administrators, by bill, plaint, or altion of debt, and shall and may recover judgements, and sue out exe~ cations thereupon, against such officers respectively, their heirs, executors, or administrators, for so much of such sum or sums of money, then due and owing upon the said annuity, yearly rent or sum, or any part thereof, as shall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer, at the time or times when demands shall have been legally made of the payment of the said annuity* yearly rent or sum, or any part thereof as aforesaid, or for the refusal or neglect to do any. a<5f necessary to be done by such officer or officers respectively. '

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said annuity, yearly rent or sum of two thousand Annuity not pounds, shall be, and the fame is by this a<5fc vested in the said to al,e"^ George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and the two next succeed- for^nger ing heirs male of the body of the said George term than

lord Rodney, to whom the said title, honour, and dignity of during the lord Rodney shall descend; and the fame, or any part thereof,11

shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, p0 e or* disposed, charged, or incumbered, by the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, or by either of the two next succeeding heirs male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord

Rodney, on whpm the said title shall descend, for any greater or larger estate, or time, than during the natural life of the person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging, or incumber* ing the fame, or so as to prevent the fame from defeending to the next or succeeding heir male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, to whom the said title of lord Rodney shall descend, according to the limitation aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for vesting certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditament*, in trustees, for the further securing his Majesty's docks, ships,' and stores, at Portsmouth} and for the more safe and convenient carrying on of his Majesty's gunpowder works and mins, near the town of raver&am.

For further and better securing his Majesty's docks, ships of war, and (Lores, necessary to erect and raise additional fortifications at or near Gof-porti and reciting that his Majesty's gunpowder mills, near Faversham, sn Kent, had been blown up, and it was thought expedient to erect other works and buildings more remote from the said town* and in order thereto, it was necessary to purchase the lands, &c.-after mentioned, in Hampshire and Kent. Enacted that certain pieces of land, and tenementa thereunto belonging, in the parish of Alverstoke, in Hampshire* and certain other pieces ofland, and tenements thereurito belonging, in the pa-rhhes of Luddenham and Piefton, in Kent; and a certain piece of land,

and

39*

'Preamble.

After Aug. 1 i7gjf every person appre*

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 88.

[178).

and tenement* thereunto belonging, in the parish of Faversham, in Km; and certain other pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, in the parish of Davington, in Kent; and also a piece of pasture land, finite In the parish of Faversham; vested in the right honourable Charie* WoU fran Cornwall, Jervoise Clerk jervoife, Robert Thistlethwaite, the fe. nourable Charles Marsham, and Filmer Honeywood, esquires, and their heirs. &c. in trull for the respective owners, till the purchase money, with interest at 5 per cent, from the time of the board of ordnance, ftc. taking possession, be paid. Reasonable compenfadon to be made to the proprietors out of the next parliamentary aids. His Majesty impowsrsd, by fetters patent under the great Tea), to appoint commissioners to determine claims to the said lands, See. and any five or more of them may pro* ceed in a summary way, on oath of witqelTes, inspection of deeds, ftc. and, if the parties require it, by the inquest of twelve men, to enquire into the rights. Sec. of any persons, relating to the premises, and tD*fend for persons, deeds. Sec. Judgements and decrees of commissioners to be catered in books, Sec. Copies thereof to be laid before both houses ot parliament. Commissioners to issue their warrants to sheriffii to fumrnou juries; who are to enquire into the value of lands, &c. Penalty 00 (be-riffs or their officers making default aol. and not less than 101. and aUo on jnrors not more than 101. In' case a sufficient jury shall not sppeir upon return of the warrant, commissioners may adjourn the inquest, sod issue their warrant for summoning other jurors in room of defaulters. Commissioners, after the inquest shall be taken, may adjourn, &c. Con-milHoners to give notice previoos of their respective meetings 14. dap before. If owners make default in appearing, &c. to proceed upon the bet information can be obtained. On payment of thefums assessed by jury, &c. trustees to be deemed seised of the premises for the use of his Majesty. Pumps, wells, &c. to be free. Officers of ordnance, within 30 days alter meeting of next session, in a written declaration, to specify the particular vested lands, &c. which will be wanted for the purposes aforesaid: sad all the lands not so specifred shall be revetted in the former proprietors. Lisda to be purchased in purHiance of this act, shall be liable to the ufoslthbei and taxes: to be paid by the storekeeper of the ordnance. Commissiosm not liable to penalties in flat. *5 Car. %. c. a. 1 Oul. Se Mar. c. 8. 15 sod 14 Gul. 3. c. 6. nor 1 Geo. 1. c. 13. nor to be disqualified from bdig members of parliament*

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An. a ft to extend the provisions of an act* ( An act to

amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogoes, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction) to certain cases not therein mentioned.

WHEREAS divers ill-disposed persons are frequently

bended, having upon them implements for

offienftve weapons, or are found in or upon houses, emb*

houses, fables, cr out houses, areas of houses, inclosed yards or dens belonging to houses, with intent to commit felonies; and *-though their evil purposes are thereby the power of

Majesty's justices of the peace to demand of them for tbdf

good behaviour, hath not been of sufficient effect to prevent them ft* carrying their evil purposes into execution; be it therefore eoaded by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person or persons shall, after the, first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*

t7$30 Anno vifcefirfio ttitio GEORGII III. d. 89. 393

three, be apprehended having upon him, her, oi* them, any fended hav-picklock key, crow, jack, bit, or other implement* with ah in.£ an/ *: intent feloniously to break and enter into any dwelling-house, Eo^ebreak-' warthouse, coach-house, (table, or outhouse; or shall have upon ing, or any him, her, or them, any pistol, hanger, cutlass, bludgeon, or offensive wea* other offensive weapon, with intent feloniously to assault any P?n>w»thfelo* person or persons 5 or shall be found in or upon any dwelling-house, warehouse, coach-houfl?, (table, or outhouse, or in any ed a rogue, inclosed yard or garden, or area belonging to any house, with &c- within an intent to (teal any goods or chattels; every such person or fllc persons shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond, within the in- ®f *7 Geo. tent and meaning of the statute made in the seventeenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to, vagabonds* and other idle and disorderly persons, and to of rection.

CAP. LXXXIIt.

An act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the parish of $airit Clement Danes, in the county of Middlesex, and certain places adjoining thereto i and for removing and preventing nuisances and an* noyances therein.

Geo. 3. c. at. 3 Geo. 3. c. *3. 4 Geo. 3. c. 39. 5 3. c. 56. 6 Geo,

3. c. 54. 11 Geo. 3. c. *1. Former acts repeated. Powfcr of pavings cleansing, and lighting the parish, given to the trtlltees, and a committee *of the inhabitants. Optional streets, viz. Arundel, Norfolk, Surrey, and Howard streets, Batcher row, part of Clement’s lane, back fide of St. dement, Black more, Clare, Holiwell, Vere, and Peter or Dcnzell streets, and so much of Cecil strefct and Wyche street as lies in St. Clement's, and so much of Wyche street as lies in the parish of St. Mary le Strand. Property of the pavements, materials, &c. vested in the trustees,

until the appointment of the committee. Former securitiet to be valid.

Trustees; Charles Howard, earl of Surrey, Thomas Pelham Clinton, earl of Lincoln, Charles Barrow, Francis Barlow, William Baldwin, Johii Browning, Robert Butler, Gibbs Crawfurd, William frcVoh, Samuel Edwards, Charles Grave Hudson, William Kitchiher, Samuel Phipps,

William Sandby, and George Vaughan, efauires, and the reftor of St.

Clement for the time being. Power to elect new trustees. Committed of twenty-one inhabitants to be appointed. Qualification of trustees and committee men to be householders paying to the rate*, and the trustees t6 halve 3001. per ann. real, or 10,0001 personal estate. Committee men td have a real or person&l estate of i,ooool. value. Trustees ailing, not being qualified, to forfeit iool. committee men loci. Committee to pay tljcit own expence*. No alt valid, unless done at a meeting. All acts of ttie committee may be done by the majority. Committee may appoint officers; and shall take security for them. No officer to take any fee other than allowed by committee; or be interested in any corn raft. Officers, collectors, &c. to account. Penalty on officers refuGng to account, Sic, sol. If sufficient distress cannot be had, theoffeiider to be committed, until be shall pay or compound. Commitment of offenders not to discharge their sureties. Committee may employ workmen, carriages, and horses, where the expence of the work does not exceed 40 s. and contract for paving, cleansing, and lighting. No contract to be valid unless confirmed by the trustees. Proviso, that if any trustee be a committee mafi wot to act as to contrafts. No contract to be made but Between Feb. v* end June t. The level of the ftieett not to be altered, or inferior materials ufird. Contrafts already made to be valid. Committee to caofe the works to be examined: and if not done agreeable to the contracts, miy VOL. XXXIV. Dd bring

Anno vicesimo tertio Georchi HI. c. 89. [1783.

bring anions against the contractors. Committee may compound with contractors for the penalties incurred on nonperformance of contracts. Committee annually to affix in the vestry room, os other wise pubtish, extracts of contracts and penalties. Homebolder making complaint of defect in lighting, cleaning, or repairing the pavement, surveyor to view if, and ifaefeoive to give notice to contractor to amend it. Power to call a special meeting x>f the committee upon any such complaint. Oq contracts not being performed, committee may caofe the work to be done by other persons, and deduct, the expence from the money due to the contractor. New streets to be first paved at the expence of the owners, who are to compound with the committee for paving thereof. Property of pavements, lamp-irons, materials, See yelled in committee. Committee may hire ground for depositing materials. Penalty on damaging materials or works 40 s. and not less than xos. Names of streets to be wrote at or near the entrance, and houses and lamp-irons to be numbered. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamas 40 s. for every lamp, and aho make good the damage. Persons carelessly or accidentally breaking lamps, to make good the damage. Committee to make rates/not exceeding if. 6d. in the pound, and also additional rates not 1 s. 6d. in the pound for the optional streets, and 6d. per pound for the other parts of the parilk Houses hereafter to be built, to be a(Te(Ted as others. Empty houses to pay half rate. Church and church-yard, chapels, and other pubOck buildings, to be rated according to the number of square yards of paving belonging thereto, at 6d. per yard per annum. If committee neglect to make the additional rates^ trustees may do it. If the committee omit to make the other rates, the inhabitants to do it. Commencement of rates March 25, 1783. Rates of houses let in separate apartments, and ready* furnished, to be paid by the teiiant, who may deduct the fame out of his rent. Rates of houses let to ambafladora to be paid by the landlords. Agreements between landlords and tenants not to be affected. Poor rates may be inspected by an order of three committee men; and copies, See. taken. Power to recover the rates by distrefe. Rates may be recovered by action at law. Persons quitting houses or premises before payment of the rates, and persons entering in such houses or premises, to be subject to the payment thereof for the tiipes of their occupying the fuse. Persons aggrieved by the rates may appeal to the committee, and the

Sorter sessions. Collector to pay the money into the bank, or to a banker.

lanker to pay money drawn upon him oy the trustees and cpmoktee. Commissioners to account with the trustees relative to optional streeO. Commissioners to account with the committee relative to the other parti of the parish. Former committee to account with the committee appoint* ed by virtue of this act. Arrears of former ratey may be levied. Trolw* to apply additional rate to pay interest and debt. Committee to apply rates for repairing, cleaning, and lighting, and removing nui fauces, & Surplus to be applied towards discharging debt. Separate accounts to be kept of rates to be raised within the optional streets, for paying the prio* cipal and interest due on such streets. Creditors to be paid bybsfloc-Notice to be given to the persons whose bonds are to be paid off. Ne« securities for tool, each may be given, instead of present securitiei fix a larger sum. Power to borrow money to discharge certain debts doeepo" some of the optional streets, and not secured upon the rates. Form security.

B Y virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-third yetf of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, [bat fa forth the title of the act. J We, the trustees of the said parish, do herd* assign to A.B. his executors, administrators, and assigns, in confident*011 of the sum of paid by him to

from this day of in they#

of our Lord until the said sum of

with interest, at the rate of per annum, shall be p*r"»

the rates or assessments by- virtue of the said act made subject and In* to and chargeable with the payment of the principal money due and

395

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgi lit. c. $9.

ing on the credit of [ascertain the part of the parish in respect whereof such money it to be secured,] fol* the purpose of discharging monies due

and owing on the credit or such rates or aflefiineots. x

IDO transfer this assignment, with all my right and title to the princi- porm or pal and int;erect thereby secured, unto C.D. nis executors, adminiltra- transfer tort, and a/signs. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand, this day of

Witness, E, F. A.B.

Transfers to be entered, and shall be valid. Power to borrow money at lower interest, to discharge securities at a higher. Power to raise a rate not exceeding ad. in the pound, towards new paving any streets, after the parochial debt shall be discharged. Signs to be placed flat on fronts of hodfes. Water to be conveyed from hously in pipes. Palisadoes broke or defective, to be repaired at the expence of the owner. Penalty on placing annoyances or obstructions in the streets 10 s. and not less than 58.

&c. No hoards to be erected, without licence from the surveyor or inspector to the committee. Running wheels, &c. or driving carriages, horses. See, on foot pavement. Dirt not to be swept into common fewer,

or within a certain distance of any grate or channel. ’ No person, other than the scavenger, to carry away dust. Sec, No person shall fife, Ikreen, or flack lime. Penalty *os. and not less than 5s. Owners of cinders, dust. See. may carry away the fame for their own use« No night foil to be taken away before twelve or after four, in ftimmer, or five in winter j or to be put or cast in any part of the parish, or within a certain distance thereof. Scavengers to dean streets once every week, c. Inhabitants exempted from office of scavenger, and surveyor of highways,'from hanging out lights, and return of annoyance jury, on account of defective pavements, Sec, Paviours to water companies to transmit rheir names, places of abode, and walk, to the committee. Directions for repairing defective water pipes. Penalty on his neglect. If no regular paviour, notice to be transmitted to clerk to water companies. Committee to be reimbursed expences of relaying pavement broken for repairing water pipes. Lift of streets to be transmitted to water companies. Water company not to be subject so pay the expence of paving or repairing the pave-merit, unless the account be delivered within six calendar months., Committee to state in their account to the water company, the charge of such relaying or repairing the quantity of pavement, Treasurer or clerk to the water company may inspect the accounts and proceedings of the committee relative to paving. Surveyor or inspector to verify his account with any water company upon oath, if required. The provffions of the '

act extended to such part of Cecil street as lies in Saint Martin’s parish, until the debt due on that street be paid o/F. Duke of Newcastle owner of Clare Market, and entitled to certain parts of the pavement. The /hops inside the market houses not to be rated. The (hops outside of the market houses to be rated. Nothing in the act to a/Feft the rights of the duke of Newcastle. Saving the right of W. Kitchiner, esquire, to Carting lane and Somerset street. Trustees impowered to appoint a clerk at a salary. The committee to pay a proportion of the expences of the general commission till March *5, 1784. Proceedings of trustees and committee to be recorded. Not to extend to such part of Drury lane as it in St. Clement Danes., Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress and sale of goods, and applied by the committee. Inhabitants may give evidence. Justices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction.

County of Middlesex, nembered, That on

nr

ySSnttgi towit. v. .... of his Majesty A.B. is convicted before

year of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county or city and liberty, [as the cale shall be,] by virtue of

D da an

Anno vtefitpo tertio Georgii III. c. 90. [|)tj.

in act of parliament, made in the twenty-third mr of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, bp-tuled, [here set forth the tide of the alt, and (yecifjr the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed.]

Given ynder onr hands apd seals, [or, my hand apd $ai,] the day and year aforesaid.

Anions may be brought in the name of one of the tniftees or committee,; pr their clerk; and upon obtaining verdicts, they have power to recow costs. No action to abate on death or removal of clerk. No essoin, fei to be allowed in anions. Per font aggrieved may appeal to the quitted sessions. Rates and proceedings not to be quashed for want of form; not* to be removed by certiorari. Plaintiff shall not recover after tender offuW ficient amends. Distress not deemed unlawful for want of form. E*j-pences of this all to be paid out of the first money which comes to hand? 'Writings not to be subject to ft amp-duties. Limitation of alfcions wirbirf six calendar months. Defendant may plead the general issue, and gbcf the special matter in evidence; qnd if yerdill, See. for him, to havetftb& (oftI, Publick act, V

CAP. XC.

An act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the pan(h of Sskfj] Martin in the Fields, within the liberty of Westminster, and ceitaiff' places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuiiaocet-and annoyances therein.

Geo. %. c. si. 3 Geo. 3. c. s;. 4 Geo 9. c. 39. 5 Geo. 3. c. 50. 6 Gee/ 3. c. 54. 11 Geo. 3. c. as. Former acts repealed. Power of paving," cleansing, and lighting the parish, given to the vestry, and a committed of the inhabitants. Optional streets, viz. Northumberland, Hungerfordjj and all streets, See.in York buildings and Adelphi, also Salisbury, Great}*

Suffolk, and Panron streets, such part of Little Russel street and Grear Drury lane as lie in the said parish. Former securities to be valid* Veftif to appoint a committee. Qualification of committee men a,ooool. rod o«j personal estate. Meetings of committee every fortnight. Committee td pay their own expences. No a£k valid, unless done at a meeting. Act* acts of the committee may be done by the majority. Committee may spa point officers; and shall take security for them. No officer to take sof* fee other than allowed by committee $ or be interested in any contrao. Officers, collectors, Sec.to account. Officers refuting to account* shall forfeit 101, and if they neglect to pay the balance, it may be levied sass distress. If sufficient distrefa cannot be had, the offender to be committed until he shall pay, or compound. Commitment of offenders not to diC charge their sureties. Committee may employ workmen, carriages, and horses, and contract for paving, cleansing, and lighting. No contract to be made but between Feb. 1, and June i, The level of the streets nottp be altered without consent of vestry Or paving committee of adjoining pa* riflies, or inferior materials used. Contracts already made to be vand. Committee to cauf* the works to be examined; and it not done agreeable to the contrails, may bring allions against the contractor*. Committee piay compound with contradtois for the penalties incurred on nonperionp* ance of contracts. Committee annually to pript and distribute extrails of pontralls and penalties. Houft holder making complaint of defective pave* pient, surveyor to view it, and, if defective, to give notice to contrallor* to amend it. Power to call a special meeting of the committee upon tnf (^ch complaint. On coqtralts not being performed, committee may cause till work to be done by other persons, and dedull the expence from tj* pioney due to the contraltor. New streets to be first paved at the expfcjtfs of the owners, who are to compound with the committee for paviaf jhyfeof. Property of pavement?, lamb-irons, materials, &c. vetted ia

' 4 committee.

1783.] Anno viceGmotertio Georgii III. c. 90.

committee. Committee may hire ground for depositing materials. Penalty on destroying or damaging materials. Names of streets to be wrote at or near the entrance, and houses and iamp irons to be numbered. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps so*. for every lamp, and damages, &o. Persons carele&Iy or accidentally breaking lamps, to make good the damage. Committee to make rates, it. in the pound, according to two third* of the annual value, to repair; and to pay debt incurred and interelf, and an additional rate of is. 6d. per pound, of two thirds value in optional streets, and is. 9d. per pound in Panton street, and 6d. in other streets. Houses hereafter to be built, to be assessed as others. Empty hoiiles to pay hajf rate, Sf. Martin's church and church-yard, and other publick buildings, to be rated according to the number of square yards of paving belonging thereto 6d. per yard per annum. If committee neglect to make rates, vestry may do it. Commencement of rates March *5, 9783. Rates of houses let in separate apartments, and ready furniftied, to be paid by the tenant who may deduct the lame out of his rent. Rates of houses let to ambassadors to be paid by the landlords. Poor rates may be inspected by an order of three committee men; and copies, &o. taken. Power to recover the rates by distress and sale. Rates may be recovered by action at law. Persons quitting houses or premifet before payment of the rates, and persons entering in such houses or premises, to be subject to the payment thereof for the times of their occupying the fame. Agreements between landlords and tenants not to be affected. Persons aggrieved by the rates may appeal to the committee, and the

2uarter felhons. Collector to pay the money into the bank, or to a banker.

anker to pay money drawn upon him by the vestry and committee. No collector to keep in his bands more than 50l. longer than three days. Commissioners to account with the vestry relative to optional streets. ComuiilHoners to account with the committee relative to the other parts of the parish, and transfer to them the money in the bank. Former committee to account with the committee appointed by virtue of this act. Arrears may be levied. Vestry to apply additional rate to pay interest and debt. Committee to apply rates for repairing, cleansing, and lighting, and removing nuisances, Sec, Surplus to be applied towards discharging debt. Separate accounts to be kept of rates to be raised within the optional streets, foraying the principal and interest due on such streets. After payment of the debt, (be additional rates to cease. Creditors to be paid by ballot. Notice to be given to the persons whose bonds are to be paid off. New fecyrities for ipol. each may be given, instead of present securiries for a larger fuiy- Power to borrow money to discharge certain debts dye upon some of the optional streets, and not Teemed upon the rates. Form of security.

BY virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, (.here set so*th the title of the act,] We, the vestry men of the said parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, do hereby assign to A.B. his executors, adroiniftra* tors, and assigns, in consideration of the sum of paid by him to from this day ot ' in the year of our Lord

until the said sum of with interest, at die

rate of per annum, shall be paid, the rates or assessments

to be rated or assessed by virtue of the said act within [ascertain the street or streets, or other place or places, in respect whereof such money is to be seemed J for the purpose of discharging monies due and owing on the credit of fuph rates or assessmentil

Securities may be transferred. Form of transfer.

IDO transfer this assignment, with all my right and title to the principal and interest thereby secured, unto C.D. his executors, administrators, and assigns. In witness whereof I have hereunto fc( my baud, this day of

397

S. P.

A.B. Tiansfen

Anno vicelkoo tertio Georgii III% c. 90. [1783.

Transfer* to be entered. Power to borrow money at lower interest, ta discharge securities at a higher. Power to raise a rate not exceeding s<W in the pound, towards new paving any street, after the parochial debt be discharged. The committee to pay a proportion of the expcncra the general commission till March 25, 17S4, The Adelphi to be optional. Signs to be placed flat on fronts of houses. Water to bfcsm* veyed from houses in pipes. Palisadoes broke or defective to be reptird at the expence of the owner. Penalty on placing annoyance^or obstrwe-tions in the streets 10 s. and not less than 5 s. No hoards to be erected, without licence from the surveyor or inspector to the committee. Penalty on running wheels, &c. or driving carriages, horses. on foot part* neat sot. and not less than 5s. Dirt not to be swept into common fewer, or within a certain distance of any grate or channel. No person, other chan the femveoger, to carry away dust, Owners of cinders, dot, Sec. may carry away the fame for their own use. No night foil to be takes away before twelve, or after spur, in summer, or five in winter 3 or to be put or cast in any part of the parish, or within half a mile thereof. Penalty tos. and not less than 10s. Scavengers duty to attend once every week in each street. Inhabitants exempted from office of scavenger and surveyor of highways, from hanging out lights, and return of annoyance jury, on account of defective pavements. See. Paviours to water comps* nies to transmit their names, places of abode, and walk, to the cotxnuft-tee. Direction* for repairing,defective water pipes. Penalty on his neglect. If no regular paviour, notice to be transmitted to clerk to water companies. Committee to be reimborfed expences of relaying pavement brakes for repairing water pipes., Lift of streets to be transmitted to water coo* panics. Water company not to be subject to pay the expence of pftviag or repairing the pavement, unless the account be delivered within lx calendar months. Committee to state in their account to the water company, the charge of stich relaying or repairing the quantity of pavement, arc. Treasurer or clerk to the water company may inspect the accounts and proceedings of the committee relative to paving. Surveyor or inspector to verify his account with any water company upon oath, if required. Vestry may appoint a surveyor. The provisions of this act extended to such parts of Little Russel street and Great Drury lane, as vt not situate in St. Martin's parish/ Proctedings of vestry and committee to be recorded, and to be ft tried annually. Not to extend to New ftrset, or such part of Chandos, James street. Cock lane, also Little St. Martial lane, as lie in St. Martin's parish, till debt paid; or to aoy street before any royal palace, around, or building, belonging to his Majesty, ftc. Optional boundary streets, after payment of the debts due thereon, to be under the management of the respective parishes in which they are situate. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered by distress and saie of goods, and applied by the committee. Inhabitants may give evidence. Justites to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction.

county of Mkidkitat, % TJE it remembered, That on

City and Liberty of f itlC ytlT

WestminSer, to wit, of the rrign of his Majesty A.B. is convicted before

of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said eoonty,

» or city and liberty, [as the case shall be,] by virtue of

an act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the title of the act^ and fyedff the offence, and the time and place when and wheit the fame was committed.]

Given under our hands and seals, [or, my l^and and seal»] the day and year aforesaid.

1

Committee obtaining rerdi&s, shall have pqwer to recover costs. No action to abate on death or removal of clerk. No efioinj Sec, to be afloved

ia

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c.^r. 39$.

[Publick act.]

it ariose. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Rates nd proceedings not to be quashed for want of form; or to be removed >y certiorari. Plaintiff shall not recover after tender of sufficient amends, hitress not deemed unlawful for want of form. Expences of this act to >e paid out of the first: money received. Writings not to be subject to tamp duties. Limitation of actions six calendar months. Defendants may >lead the general issue, Sec.and if he obtain verdict, Sec. may recover treble costs.

CAP. XCI.

t

An act for paving and regulating Church lane, in and near the parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and Saint George in the county of Middlesex, and several other streets, avenues, and places, within the same parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and preventing annoyances therein; and for enabling the inhabitants of the said parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, to raise money to defray the expences incurred in repairing the parish church.

Church lane a great thorough fare, and in bad repair. Names of fdrty-two commissioners, with the reftor, churchwardens, and overseers of the poor of Whitechapel, for the time being. On death, Sec. of commissioners, others to be chosen. Notice to be given of such election. Qualification of commissioners, real estate 401, per ann. personal 1,000l. Penalty on acting if not qualified 501. Five commissioners may aft. Commissioners to defray" their own expences. They indy appoint officers, and allow them salaries, and take security from them. Rates to be paid to the collector. Officers to account. On their refufol, to be committed;

On death of officers, or becoming inlolyent, executors to account; and pay the balance, in preference of any other creditor; and may plead or give in evidence such payment; and in case of nonpayment, commissioners may sue for the fame. Commissioners hn powered to pave Church lane, and to raise or lower the ground, Sec. For paving.such part of Church lane as lies within the parish of Saint George. No person to repair pavement but commissioners* paviour. Property of present and future pavement, and materials, vested in the commissioners; penalty on injuring the fame 40 s. Pavement may be taken up, for repairing water-pipes, '

After such repair, notice to be given to the commissioners' paviour; who is to repair and make good the fame. Charges of repairing pavement taken tip to be paid by the persons occasioning the damage. In case of default, how to be recovered. Water company's paviour or workmen to give notice to the commissioners' clerk of their names and places of abode.

Time allowed water companies to repair their pipes after notice. Commidloners of fewer* bow to be summoned, when any repairs of (ewers,

Sec. wanted. Goods and also carriages, obstructing the passage, may be feixed; or the persons causing, or the matter, to be Tummoned, to be pu-niflied in a luminary way before the justice. Penalty on driving wheelbarrows, Sec over the loot pavement, first offence 5 s. second zos. third aos. Hoards may be erected with leave. Foot pavements to be swept every day (Sundays excepted.) Houses to be numbered. Signs, &c. to be regulated. Projections to be removed. Rates, not to exceed 1 s. 6d. in the pound. Landlords to allow one third part of fbe rate. Where houfies, &c. unoccupied, one third only of the rate to be collected. Owners to be rated for houses let in different tenements. For recovering the rates by distress, if none; or goods removed, the party may be committed for three calendar months, by justices warcant. Places of worship, void (paces of ground, Sec. may be rated at 6d. per ann. each square yard of pavement. Rate* may be recovered by action. Vacant ground to be fenced in, at the expence of the owner* Occupiers quitting without pay- v ing rate, may bWbllowed. Commissioners may mitigate the rates. Per-foos paying the rates exempted from paving. The aft not to make void agreement between landlord and tenant. Trustees under act of 16 Geo.

1. to pay *351. to commissioners finder this act, for paving such part of

Church lane as lies within the parish of Saint George. Impowering the, trustees

Anno vicesimo tettio Georgii III. c. 92—$4

[1783.

trofiees of the parish of Saint Geom, under their aft 16 Geo. III. to raile *15l. by an assessment. Commissioners may act as justices. Com* million era may borrow money at interest, or raise money by Tale of an*

' nuitiesj not exceeding 3,000l. Commissioners* order to entitle the contributor to the payment of his interest and annuity; charged upon fte rates. Annuities deemed indefeaSble estates; not chargeable to the land tax. Annuities may be assigned toutqtutus. Monies may be faised by

[Publick act.]

fa\t of annuities, in the place of those that have ceased, for the payment of the interest money. Impowering the commissioners to pave the foot and carriage ways of other streetl, in caffe a majority of the inhabitants shall request it s and assess them at is. 6d. per pound per annum. Accounts of optional streets to be kept separate. Penalties may be mitigated. Commissioners who are justices may aft. Justices may administer oaths. Actions may be instituted in the name of the treasurer. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefUons. Penalties and forfeiture bow to be recovered and applied. Distrefsnot to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender of fufRcient amends hath been made. Writings to be without stamps. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Books may be read in evidence. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Act jd George III. cap. 53, concerning Whitechapel church, recited. Impowered to raise nool. which bad been expended. Trustees under former act impowered to raise 1700l. more to defray the remaining debts, by sale of annuities. Not to exceed 10l. per cent. Expences of this act to be paid, half out of the money raised by this act for the church, the other by the paving rate. Limitation of actions, six calendar months. Defendant may plead the general jfluc, and give the special matter, See. in evidence 3 and if he obtain a verdict. See. to recover treble costs.

CAP. XCII.

An act for nuking and maintaining a navigable canal from a place near Rider's Green, in the county of Stafford, to Broadwater fire engine, and fix collateral cuts from the same, to several coal mines; and also a navigable canal from or near the town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry canal at or near Fateley, in the parish of Tamworth, in the said county of Stafford, with a collateral cut to the lower part of the said town of Birmingham.

CAP. XCIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an passed in the -

cond year of the reign of his present for amending,

widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from the south end of Sparrows Herne on Bushy Heath, through the market towns of Watford, B Saint Peter's, and Tring, in the county of Hertford, by Peitipher's, to the turnpike road at Walton, near. in the county of

Bucks.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of several acts of parliament, therein so far ot

the fame relate to the repairing and amending of the roads W‘ ingfrom Leeds, through Bradford and Horto*, and through Bowling and Wihfey, to Halifak, and also the roads called Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Lane, in the west riding of tbt county of York. e

1783.] Anno ykefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 95 - 100, CAE. XCV.

Am *8 to enlarge tin term and powers of two acts, made ip

the fourteenth and twentyfxtbyears of the reign of king George

the Second, for repairing the roads from Done after, through iRrrybridge, to the south fide of Cross; and also

finpm Ferrybridge to Wetherbyand frotrr thence to bridge, in the county of Fork 5 so far as the same relate to the roifd between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to ijiroughbridge.

Cap. xcvi.

Att act for enlarging the term and powers of aft an in the fiff year of the feign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act Jbr repairing and widening the roads from Dyed Way to Semerton, and front Gawbridge to Fords, and from

afream of water called Ford, to in, in the

county of Somerset.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for continuing and amending two of the ninth and twenty seventh years of his late for repairing and

widening the road from Saint Dunjtans near the city

of. Canterbury, to the water-fide at, in the county

&Xent.

4W

Cap. xcviir.

An act for tontinuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of the second year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Cross and the turnpike gate on Abberly, in the counties of Salop and Worthier.

CAP. XCIX.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an made in the second year of his present Majesty's for repairing, widen-

ing, and altering the road from Sandon, in the county of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the county of C/>$/?rr, and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors; and from Wet Icy Hecks to Teats, in the said county of Stafford.

CAP. C.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the -ere (fan act of the third year of his present for repair-

ing the roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said bridge to Henley Bridge, in the county of

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. ioi—106. [1783.

CAP. Cl.

An act for continuing and enlarging* the term and powers an act*

made in the third year of the reign of his preJ'ent Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from, in the county of Chester, to Bur fern and under, in the

county of Stafford, and other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. CII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of made in tbt

first year of the reign of his present, An act

for making, widening, and repairing a road from the north-east fide of the GoswellStreet Road next Islington% in the county of Middlefety and near to the road called New Ready over the fields and grounds, toStreet Ready opposite to the Doghouse Bary and at and from the Doghouse Bar to the end of Chiswell Street, by th Artillery Ground.

Cap. cm.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Wether-by to Knaresborough, in the county of York.

CAP. CIV.

An act for amending and widening the road from the paffagf sr ferry over the river Severn at Newnham, the county of Gloucester, through the parishes tf/Newnhatn and Little Dean, to a place called Saint White’s, adjoining his Majesifs foreji if Dean, in the said county.

CAP. CV.

An act for continuing and amending an ally of the third year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Stafford, to in the county of ford, and several other roads in the counties of Salop and Stafford.

CAP. CVI.

, An act for completing and keeping in repair the road from the Ram if, Wyin the town of Cirencester, the county of Gloucdte> through the town of Tetbury, to Oldfield, WoefieW

Corner, near the sixteenth mile in the Bath, and s road from thence through the fia ©/"Cold Aflnon Swanf*

wick, to or near Lam bridge, in the parish of Bath Easton,

near the city of Bath; and for continuing the present road the said corner to or near the monument upon Lansdown, until the intended road from tbt said corner to or near Lambridge U made fit for travelling. '

' _ a

ijj.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. toy— i iof

CAP. CVII.

In ail to revive and render tnore effectual an act in the

thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty king George the Se-tend, for repairing the road from in the

county of Leicester, over Charley, otherwise For eft,

through the town of WhitvAck, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the road leading from the town of Loughborough, to the town of Ashby de la in the said

county, comes in from Ryley, near to a place called Snafe Gate

CAP. CVIII.

In 9ail far enlarging the term and powers of an afff made in the

second year of the reign of his king George thy

Third, intituled An an act for widening, repairing, and a* mending the road from Hefket by Tews to Cocker* mouth; and from thence, by over Whinlatter, to Kef*

wick, in the county of Cumberland; and from, by

Dummail Rays and Ambleside, to Kirby in in the county of Westmoreland; and from Grots, near

in Kendall aforesaid, to the lake called, in the

county of Westmorland; and from Keswick aforesaid, to ttyc Jown of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland*

CAP. CIX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an a8, passed in the second year of his present Majesty's , foy altering, widen-

ing, and amending the road from the north gate of the city of Winchester, over Worthy Cow, through

and other places, to Newtown; and also the road froo) Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through, to the

present turnpike road at And, in the county ^Southampton. 1

CAE. CX.

In ail for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, mode in the

seventh year of king George the and the eighth year of king George the Second, for repairing the road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, and for paving 5 and

elfo of an ail, made in the twenty-ninth year of king George the Second,to enable the respective trustees of the turnpike roads leading to Highgate Gate House and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new road from the great northern road at Islington to the Edgware road near Paddington; so far as the fame is by the said ail directed to be under the management of the of the said two first-mentioned acts»

Anno vicesimo lerdo Georgii III. c.iifi {1783, CAP. CXI.

An aftfir continuing the term*and altering and enlarging the pm*

irs of two acts made in tie sand twenty-fifth yean If tlx reign of bit late Majesty> for repairing the highways betweea Sheppards Sbord%and HorJUy Upright leading down

Bagdown Hilly in the county or Wilts% and other ruinoui parts of the highways thereunto adjacent*

END of Part II. Vol. XXXIV

