Statutes at Large

FROM THE

20th to the 23d Year of King George II.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Efq;

THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM THE

20th to the 23d Year of King George II.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES

during that Period.

VOL. XIX.

By DANBY PICKERINfc, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq;

Reader of the Law Ledure to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE,,

printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, attheCrols-Keys, oppofite ScDunftan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1765.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all fuch A6ls as are extant in print, from the Twentieth to the Twenty Second Year . of King George II. inclufive.

Anno 20 Georgii II.

Cap. i. Tj'OR the further continu-X1 ing an a<ft made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled. An at1 to impower his Majejly to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Majejly Jball fufpeft are confpiring ogainjl his perf on and government.

Cap. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven.

Cap. 3. For repealing the feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights ; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and for railing the fum of four millions • four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties.

Cap. 4. To continue, explain, and amend an adt made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft to enable his Majejly to make rulesy orders, and regulations, more ejfeftually to prevent the fpreading of the dijlem-per which now rages amongjl the horned cattle in this kingdom.

Cap. 5. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland 5 and for applying a certain fum of money therein mentioned, towards the Vox,. XIX.

fupply for the fefvice of the year * one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven.

Cap. 6. To continue and make more effectual two a<fts of parliament; one pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, and the other in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the highways between the Bear Inn in Reading and Punt-field in the county of Berks5 and for amending other roads in the laft adt mentioned.

Cap. 7. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an a (ft pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for repairing the roads leading from the wefiern part of the pari/J) ^Shenfield, to Harwich, in the county of Eflex, and the road leading from Chelmsford in the faid county, to Sudbury in the county of Suffolk; and from Margretting to Malden in the county of Eflex, and from Colchefter to Langham in the fame county; and for repairing other roads adjoining to the fame roads.

Cap. 8. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an adt pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing, widening, arid amending the road leading fropi Warrington to Wigan in the county of Lancajler\ and alfo for amending and repairing the road leading from a place called Earl's Kill, in a	Warrington

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Warrington aforefaid, to the toll-bars in Wallgate, in Wigan aforefaid.

Cap. o. For repairing the high road leading from the north end of the Cow Cawfey, near the town of New-caflle upon Tyne, to the town of Bel-ford, and from thenfe to Buckton Burn, in the county of Northumberland.

Cap. i o. For granting to hisMajefty fe-veral rates and duties upon coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned ; and for railing the fum of one million, by way cif lottery, to be charged upon the faid rates and duties.

Cap. ii. For punilhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 12. For repairing the high road leading from the city of Durham, in the county of Durham, to Tyne Bridge in the faid county.

Cap. 13. For repairing the road from Sunderland near the Seay to the city of Durham, in the county of Durham.

Cap. 14. For opening, cleanfing, repairing, and improving the haven of Soutbivould in the county of Suffolk. '

Cap. 15. For repairing, improving, and maintaining the publick conduits, and other water-works, belonging to the town of Southampton,

Gap. 16. For enlarging the term and powers granted by feveral aits of parliament palled for repairing the highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, and from Wymondham to Hetherfet, and from the mouth of Wigmore Lane to Hall Walk Gate in Attleborough, in the county of Norfolk; and for amending the other roads adjoining to the highways directed to be repaired by the faid former aits, and making the faid aits more effeitual. .

6

Cap. 17. For enlarging the term and.

flowers granted by two aits of par— iament, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots upon every pint of ale and beer brewed and vended within the town of Dundee, and the liberties and fuburbs thereof, for the purpofes in the faid aits and th» prelent ait mentioned.

Cap. 18. For the better prefervation and improvement of the river Wcar9 and port and haven of Sunderland9 in the county of Durham.

Cap. 19. For the better adjulting and more eafy recovery of the wages of certain fervants; and for the better regulations of fuch fervants, and of certain apprentices.

Cap. 20. For relief of fuch of his Majelty’s loyal fubjeits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whofe titledeeds and writings were deftroyed or carried off by the rebels, in the late rebellion.

Cap. 2i. For holding the fummer aflizes, and feflions of the peace, for the county of Norfolk, in the city and county of Norwich, until a new Ihire houfe can be built for the faid county of Norfolk \ and for building a new Ihire houfe on the caftle hill in the fame county $ and , for railing money on the faia county for that purpofe.

Cap. 22. For building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the parilh of Walton upon Thames in the county of Surrey, to Shepperton in the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 23. For repairing the road lead • mg from Girencefier in the county of Gloucejler, to Birdlip's Hill in the faid county.

Cap. 24. For the better fecuring the payment of lhares of prizes taken from the enemy, to the royal hof-pital at Greenwich; and tor preventing the embezzlement of goods and ftores belonging to the faid hofpital.

Cap. 25. For repairing the high road

leading

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

leading from the town of Stockton upon Tees, to Darlington, and from thence through Winflon to Barnard Caftle, in the fame county.

Cap. 26. For reviving and continuing an aft parted in the fixth vear of the reign of hislate majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for laying a duty of two penny Scots, or one fixth part of a penny Sterling, upon ever Scots pint of beer or ale vended or fold within the town of Brunt-ifland, and liberties thereof, for in-creafing the pubHci revenue of the faid town, and for other purpofes therein, mentioned.

Cap. 27. For founding and building a chapel in Wednesfield, in the parilh of Wolverhampton, in the bounty of Stafford.

Cap. 28. For repairing the road leading from Catherick Bridge, in the county of York, to Yarm in the faid county ; and from thence to Stock-ton in the county of Durham ; and from thence through Sedgefield, in the faid county of Durham, to the city of Durham.

Cap. 29. To confirm an agreement made by the reftor and veftry-men of the parilh of Saint fames, within the liberty of Wefirmnfier, for enlarging the churchyard of the faid parilh; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 30. For allowing perfons impeached of high treafon, whereby any conniption of blood may be made, or for mifprifion of Ibch treafon, to make their full defence by council.

Cap. 21. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers granted by an adt palled in the twelfth year or his lateMajefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the roads from the city of Gloucefter to the city of Hereford; and for repairing other roads in the county of Gloucefter.

Cap. 32. For uniting the two colleges

of.Saint Salvator and Saint Leonard, in the univerfity of Saint Andrews, purfuant to ^n agreement for that purpofe.

Cap. 33. To enable the parifhioners of the parilh of Saint Andrew Hol-born, in the city of London* nd county of Middlefex, to purchafe a convenient piece of ground, for an additional burying-ground, for the ufe of the faid parilh ; and to enable the faid parifhioners to raife fuch fum and fums of money, as lhall be neceflary for that purpofe.

Cap. 34. To enable his Majesty to allow to the refiduary legatees of Sir Jofeph Jekyll knight, late m after of the rolls, deceafed, part of the legacy given by his will to the ufe of the Sinking fund.

Cap. 35. To indemnify perfons who have omitted to regifter their letters of attorney, appointing them agents for prizes, within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpofe.

Cap. 36. For granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money out ot the Sinking fund, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven; and alfo for enabling his Majesty to raife a further fum of money for the ufes and pui> pofes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the fup-

filies granted in this feflion of^par-iament; and for applying a certain fum of money, for defraying the charge of the allowances to fe-veral officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horfe guards, and three regiments of horfe, lately reduced, for the year one thoufana feven hundred and forty feven; and for continuing the bounties on the exportation o tBritiJb and/r/jicoarfe linens.

Cap. 37. For the cafe of Iheriffs with regard to the return of proofs. Cap. 38. For the relief and fupport of maimed and difabled feamen, a 2	and)

Digitized by

A TABLEof the STATUTES.

and the widows and children of fuch as (hall be killed, (lain, or drowned, in the merchants fervice.

Cap. 39. For granting a duty to his Majesty to be paid by diftillefs, upon licences taken out by them for retailingfpirituous liquors.

Cap. 40. To revive, continue, and amend an aCt made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An aft for clearings deptbeningy repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth ; and for depthen-ing and making more navigable the fever al rivers emptying themfelves at the faid town; and alfo for preferving Jbips wintering in the faid baven9 from accidents by fire.

Cap. 41. For veiling in his Majesty the eftates of certain traitors, ana for more effectually difeovering the fame, and applying the produce thereof to the ufe of his Majesty, and for afeertaining and fatisfying the lawful debts and claims thereupon*

Cap. 42* To enforce the execution of an a£t of this feflion of parliament, for granting to his Majesty feyeral rates and duties upon houfes^ windows, or lights.

Cap. 43. For taking away and abo-lifhing the heretable jurifdiCtions in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making fatisfac-tion to the proprietors thereof; and for reftoring fuch jurifdiCtions ta the crown; and for making more effectual provifion for the admini-ftration of juftice throughout that part of the united kingdom, by the King’s courts and judges there; and for obliging all perlons aCting as procurators, writers, or agents in the law in Scotland totakethe oaths; and for rendering the union of the two kingdoms more complete. Cap. 44. To extend the provilions of an ad made in the thirteenth year

of his prefent Majefty’s reign, in-* tituled. An aft for naturalizing fuch foreign protefiantsy and others therein mentioned, as are fettledy or Jhall fettle in any of his MajeJWs colonies in America, to other foreign protc-ftants who confcientioufly lcruple the taking of an oath.

Cap. 45. To continue feveral laws relating to the manufactures of fail-cloth and (ilk; to give further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices, and for better fecuring the payment of the faid duties; ana declaring that prize (hips lawfully condemned (hall be deemed Britifb built (hips ; and for allowing prize goods to be landed and fecured in proper ware-houfes, without payment of any duty, until it canbe determined whether they are fit for exportation or home confumption. Cap. 46. To prevent the return of luch rebels and traitors concerned in the late rebellion, as have been, or (hall be pardoned on condition of tranfportation; and alfo to hinder their going into the enemies country.

Cap. 47. To continue feveral laws for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and firft compofed or written and printed in Great Britain; for preventing ex-aClions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river of Thames weftward, and for afeertaining the rates of water carriage upon the faid river ; and for better fecuring the lawful trade of his Majesty’s fub* jeCts to and from the Eaft Indies; and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty’s fubjeCts, trading thither under foreign commif-fions; and relating to rice,to frauds in the cuftoms, to the clandeftine running of goods, and to copper ore of the Briti/b plantations; and for the free importation of cochi-

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

neal and indico; and for punilh-ment of perfons deftjoying turnpikes, or locks or other works erected by authority of parliament.

Cap. 48. To indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and promotions within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that pur-pofe.

Cap. 49. For declaring valid fuch alts as have been done by Thomas Pan-lin, as one of the principal land coal-meters of the city and liberty of Weftminfter, between the twenty ninth day of September laft and the eighth day of November following.

Cap. 50. For taking away the tenure of ward holding in Scotland, and for converting the fame into blanch and feu holdings; and for regulating the cafualty of non-entry in, certain cafes; and for taking away the cafualties of fingle and life-rent efeheats, incurrred there by homing and denunciation for civil caufes; and forgiving to heirs and fucceffors there a fummary procefs againft fuperiors; and fordifeharg-ing the attendance of vaffals at head courts there; and for ascertaining the fervices of tenants there; and for allowing heirs of diizie there to fell lands to the crown for erecting buildings, and making fettle-ments in the highlands.

Cap. 51. To enlarge the time limited by an aCt of the laft feflion of parliament for restraining the ufe of the highland drefs, and to enable heirs of tailzie, guardians, tutors,

* curators, and truftees in Scotland to fell lands to the crown.

Cap. 52. For the King’s moft gracious, general, and free pardon.

Private Afts.

Anno 20 Georgii II.

I.	An aCt to enable Richard JVayn-houfey and his heirs male, to take 2nd ufe the furname of Emmotty

and no other, purfuant to the will of Chrijlopher Emmotty efquire, de-ceafed.

2.	An a<5t for fale of part of the fettled eftate of Harry earl of Stamford, in order to difeharge feveral incumbrances affecting the fame.

3.	An aCt for fettling the eftates of Thomas earl of Leictjler, and Edward Coke efquire, commonly called lord , Coke, his only fon, in the county of Norfolk, on the marriage of the laid Edward lord Coke with the lady MaryCampbellyOnzof thedaughters of John late duke of Argyll, de-ceafed.

4.	An aCt for fettling the eftates of William lord Byron and Elizabeth Shaw fpinfter, an infant, on their intermarriage.

5.	An aCt to enable Sir Thomas Par-kyns baronet, and Jane Parkyns (with the confent of their guardians and truftees) to make a conveyance by way of fettlement, on their intermarriage, notwithftand-ing their minority.

6.	An aCt for railing money by leafing or fale of the eftates late of Thomas Taylor efquire the father, and Thomas Taylor efquire the fon,deceafed, to difeharge the debts and incumbrances affeCling the fame, and for making a partition of fuch eftates, or fo much thereof as (hall not be fold for the purpofes aforefaid.

7.	An aCt to enable Lillie Smith, and his heirs by Valentina h\$ wife (formerly Valentina Aynfcombe) to take and ufe the furname of Aynfcombe, purfuant to the will of Thomas Ayn~ fcombe efquire, deceafed.

8.	An aCt to enable Edmund Garfor thy formerly called Edmund Dringy and his heirs, to take, ufe, and bear the furname and arms of Garforth.

o.	An aCt to confirm a decree of the

f court of the dutchy of Lancajler% concerning certain marih lands, called Sutton Marjhy in the county of Lincoln, and a conveyance, from a 3	Lafceils

Digitized by LjOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and near Birmingham, in the coun-

LafceHs Metcalfe *(quire, of the fame to the corporation of the prefldent and governors of the hofpital founded at the fole.cofts and charges of Thomas Guy efquire. jo. An ad for the faie of the redory of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, London, the eftate of Thomas Kynajion clerk, comprized in his marnage fettlemcnt, and for purchafing another eftate, to be fettled to the ttfes of the faid fettlement. ji. An ad for vetting the.eftates of dodor Simon Burton deceafed, in the counties of Wilts and South-ampton, in truttees, to raife money for the payment of feveral debts and incumbrances, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

12.	An ad for confirming and efta-blifhing certain articles of agreement between the heirs at law and devifees of Jocelim late earl of Lei-after, deceafed, for the fettlement and difpofition of the real eftate of the faid earl, and for rendering the faid agreement more effedual for the pqrpofes thereby intended.

13.	An ad for railing money out of khe fettled eftates of Richard Oakeky efquire, in the counties of Salop and Qxford, for the payment of feveral debts and incumbrances, and for providing a recompence for the fame, in fuch manner as is therein mentioned.

14.	An ad for vetting part of the * fettled eftate of HenryTalbot efquire,

in the county of Warwick, in him, in fee Ample, difcharged of the ufes of his marriage fettlement, upon his fettling other lands, of greater value, to the fame ufes.

15.	An ad for fale of the eftates of William Moore efquire, in the counties of Suffix, Surrey, and Stafford, for payment of debts and legacies.

j6. An ad to impowerAnne Colemore widow, and her afiigns, during the life of Thomas Colemore merchant, to make building leafes of lands in

. ty of Warwick.

17.	An ad to enable the guardian of Elizabeth Sambroeke and Diana Sam-brooke, infants, to join with Mary Sambrooke their fitter in making building leafes of divers houfes and tenements in the county of Middle-fex.

18.	An ad to impower the guardians of William Mitchell, and other infants, to make leafes of their eftates in the feveral counties of Hunting-deny Surrey, Middlefex, Cambridge* Leicefter, Kent, Somerfet, and Norfolk, dxmnu their minorities.

19.	An ad tor making a fettlement of the real and perfonal eftate of Thomas Garrard efquire, deceafed, purfuant to his intention declared in his life-time, and at the defire, and with the confent of bis fix fons*

20.	An ad for vetting feveral eftates of Thomas Rolt efquire, in truftees, to be fold for railing money, to dif-charge incumbrances affeding the fame, and other debts; and for fe-curing an equivalent, in refped of the fettled part of fuch eftates, for the benefit of his wife and infant fon; and for the providing portions for his daughters, and for other purpofes.

21.	An ad for fale of the real eftate of Richard Powys efquire, deceafed, for payment of his debts and daughters portions, and for other purpofes therein exprefled.

22.	An ad for fale of certain eftates in Tewin and Datchworth in the county of Hertford, belonging to Jane, Anne, Mary, and Sufanna Awdrey, Kemeys, infants, purfuant to an agreement entered into by their truftees for that purpofe.

23.	An ad for fale of the fettled and other eftate of John Curtis, in the county of Norfolk, and applying part of the money arifing thereby in payment of legacies and debts,

/	and

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and applying other part of foch money in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled to the like ufes, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

24.	An aft for veiling the capital meffuage, called Great Ftogmore, with the lands and grounds thereunto belonging, deviled by the will of Mary, late dutchefs of Northumberland, in truftecs, to be fold for the purpofes therein mentioned.

25.	An aft for fale of certain eftates in the counties of Hereford, Monmouth^ and Gloutejler, of Robert Gvoillym enquire, and Robert Gwil-lym his fon, for difeharging incumbrances affecting the fame, and for fettling, in lieu thereof, other lands and hereditaments in the county of Lancafier, and for other purpofes therein mentioned. ,

26.	An ad for veiling a farm and lipds in Cullumpton, in the county of Devon, late the eftate of Robert Drew gentleman, deceafed, in truftees, in order to convey the lame to Henry Cruwys gentleman, pur-fuant to an agreement with Mary Drew widow, and for difeharging a mortgage on the faid eftate.

27.	An ad for fale of the eftate of Edward Majlers deceafed, for payment of his debts, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

28.	An ad to diffolve the marriage of Corbyn Morris efquire, with Elizabeth Fan/hawe his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

29.	An ad to impower Mary Stilling-ton widow, to execute a power veiled in Jofeph Stillington efquire, her latehufband, deceafed, for railing money to complete the inclofure of the common fields and common grounds in the manor of Keif eld, in the county of Tori.

30.	An ad to enable Thomas Bnjhell efquire, and his defeendants, to

take and ufe the fumame and arms

of Fettiplace.

31.	An ad for naturalizing Mark Liotard, Henry Ubthof] and John David Ziegell.

32.	An ad for naturalizing Albert Vandenvtlde merchant.

Anno 21 Georgit II.

Cap. 1. For continuing the duties * upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majcfty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight

Cap. 2. For granting to bis Majefly a lubfidy of poundage upon all goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom; and for railing a certain fum of money by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the faid fubfidy; and for repealing fo much of an aft made in the twentieth year of his prefent Maje-fty’s reign, as enafts, That prize goods and merchandize may be exported without paying any duty of cujlom or excife for the fame.

Cap. 3. To revive and make perpetual two afts of parliament $ one made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An aft to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrejls\ and the other made in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, to explain, amend, and render more ef-feftual the faid aft.'

Cap. 4. To prohibit aflurance on (hips belonging to France, and onnnerchandizes or effects laden thereon, during the prefent war with France.

Cap. 5. For repairing the high road from the town of Bowes in the county of York, to Barnard Cafle in a 4	the

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES!

the county of Durham, and from thence through Staindrop to Newgate in Bijhop Auckland, and from Newgate along GjM Chair to Guand-le/s Bridge, and from thence by Melderflon Gill, otherwife Coundon Gill, to the turnpike road near Sunderland Bridge, in the county of Durham.

Cap 6. To punilh mutiny and de-fertion; and for the better payment of the aripy and their quarters.

Cap. 7. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a landtaxtoberaifedin Great Britain, for the feivice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight.

Cap. 8. For impowering George Montgomerie, and Thomas Byrd, efquires, and Ezra Patching, to complete an undertaking, for furnilhing the inhabitants of the feveral parifhesand places of Stratford, JVeJlham, Bow, Bromley, Mile-end. Stepney, and other parifhes and places adjacent, with water; and for better fecuringtheir property in fuch undertaking.

Cap. 9. To indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that pur-pofe.

Cap. 10. For explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an aft parted in thelaft feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for repealing the feveral rates ana duties Upon houfes, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majefly other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and for raifing the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds hy annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties.

Cap. 11. For further regulating the proceedings upon courts-martial in the fea fervice; and for extending the difcipline of the navy to the p*ews of hisMajefty’s (hips, wreck-

ed, loft, or taken ; and for continuing to them their.wages upon certain conditions.

Cap. 12. For holding the fummer affixes for the county of Buckingham at the county town of Buckingham.

Cap. 13. To reftify a miftake in an aft made this femon of parliament, intituled. An aft for punijbing mutiny and defertion \ and for the better payment of the army and their quarters•

Cap. 14. For permitting tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majesty’s plantations in America, without paying the inland duties charged thereupon by an aft of the eighteenth year of his prefent Ma-jefty’s reign; and for enlarging the time for feme of the payments to be made on the fubfeription of fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, by virtue of an aSt of this fefiion of parliament.

Cap. 15. For enlarging the tertqfand powers granted by an aft parted in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the roads from the town of Man-chejler, leading through Newton, Failfworth, and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancajler, to Auflerlands, in the parifh of Saddle-worth, in the county of York \ and for making the fame more effectual. '

Cap. 16. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft parted in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, For repairing the road from Hertford Bridge Hill, to the town of Bafineftoke 5 and alfo the road from Hertford-Bridge Hill aforefaid, to the town of Odiham, tn the county of Southampton; and for making the faid aft more effectual.

Cap. 17. To render more effeftual an aft made in the twentieth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled.

An aft for relief of fuch of his Maje-fly's loyalfubjefts in that part of Great

Britain

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the

Britain called Scotland, wbofe title deeds and writings were dejlroyed or carried off by the rebels in the late rebellion.

Cap. it. For draining and preferving certain fen lands in the feveral parishes of Money, XJpwell, Wtlney, Downbam, Witcham, and in a certain extraparochial place in Byal Fen, within the ifle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

Cap. ig. For the more effe&ual trial and punilhmentof high treafon and xnifprifion of high treafon, in the highlands of Scotland; and for abrogating the prafticeof taking down the evidence in writing in certain criminal profecutions; and for making fome further regulations relating to (heriffs depute and flew-arts depute, and their fubftitutes; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 20. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft palled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the Feveral roads leading from Birmingham, through the town of Wednefburyy to a place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge; and from thence tp the end of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the townfhip of Bilfon\ and from Great Bridge, through Dudley to King-Swinfordy and to the further end of Brittel Lane, in the counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcefler. Cap. 2i. For erefting workhoufes, for the better employing and maintaining the poor within the burgh of Buri Saint Edmunds, in the county of Suffolk; and for the better repairing and paving the ftroets and highways there.

Cap. 22. ror enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft palled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An aft for repairing the roads leading from the town of

STATUTES.

Bromfgrove to the town ^Dudley, in the county of Worcefler; aiuf from the feud town of Bromfgrove to the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick; fo far as the faid aft relates to repairing the roads leading from the town of Birmingham to the town of Brrnf-grove, in the county of Worcefler; and for making the fame more effectual*

Cap. 23. For granting to his Majesty the Aim of one million out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight; and for applying a fum ot money remaining in the exchequer, arifen by the rates and duties on houfes which determined at Ladyrdoy, one thoufand feren hundred and forty feven; and for the further appropriating the fup-lies granted in this feflion of par-liament, and for applying a certain fum of money for defraying the charge of the allowances for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, to feveral officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horfe guards, and three regiments of horfe lately reduced. Cap. 24. For building a church in the town of Liverpool, in the county

Iialatine of Lancajler, and for en-ightening and cleanfing the ftreets of the faid town, and for keeping and maintaining a nightly watch there.

Cap. 25. For repairing the roads leading from Sutton Cole field common to the town of Walfall and from Sneals Green to Walfally and from Walfall to Park Brook, which divides the parifhes of Wolverhampton and Walfally and from Gibbet Lane to Wolverhampton, and from Compton to the end of the county of Stafford, and from Wolverhampton to the WergSy and from thence to Shiffnally and from the Wergsto Hales Heathy and from Waiver-

hampton

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

hampton to Cannock Wood in the road to Litchfield•

Cap. 26. For explaining, amending, and enforcing an a ct made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for prohibiting the wearing and importation of cambricks and French lawns.

Cap* 27. For repairing the high road from Piersbridge to Kirkmerrington in the county of Durham, and from thence to the turnpike road at Tud-hoe Lane end in the faid counfy.

Cap. 28. To explain and amend an adt pafled in the fourteenth year of his Majesty** reign, intituled, An oft for the prefervation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England; and fo much of an adt palTed in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary* intituled, An aft for the better repairing and amending the highways, and for fettling tin rates of the carriage of goods, as relates to the fettling the rates of the carriage of goods.

Cap. 29. For the further relief of the orphans and other creditors of the city of London ; and for other pur* pines therein mentioned.

Cap. 30. For encouraging the making of indico in the Britijh plantations in America.

Cap. 21. For relief of infolvent deb-tors.

Cap. 32. For the relief of the annuitants of the wardens and commonalty of the myftery of Mercers of the city of London.

Cap. 33. To continue and amend fe-veral laws for the relief of debtors with refpedt to the imprifonment of their perfons; and to rectify a it)iflake in an adt palled in the iaft feflionof parliament for continuing feveral laws therein mentioned; and to continue two adts, the one pafled in the nineteenth year, the other in the twentieth year of his

prefent Majefty’$ reign, to prevent the fpreading of the diftetnper a -mongft the horned cattle.

Cap. 34. To amend and enforce fo much of an adt made in the nineteenth year of his Majesty's reign, as relates to the more effectual difarming the highlands in Scotland\ and reftraining the ufe of the highland drefs; and to mafters and teachers of private fchools and chaplains; and to explain a clau/e in another adt made in the fame year, relating to letters of orders of cpif-copal minifters in Scotland; and to oblige perfons allowed to carry arms, and the diredtors of the banks there, and certain perfons belonging to, or pradtifingin the courts of feuion and judiciary, to take the oaths; and to repeal fome claufes in an adt made in the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, whereby certain encouragements are given to landlords and tenants in Scotland, who (hould continue in their duty and loyalty to his faid late Majefty; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Private Afts.

Anno 21 Georgii II.

1.	An adt for naturalizing Cafar de Miffy and Charles de MiJjy.

2.	An adt for vetting the fettled eftate of the right honourable Francis earl Brooke, in the county of Southampton, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing thereby, in the purchafe of other hereditaments of equal or greater value, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

3.	An adt for hnpowering Granville Lovtf&t Gower, commonly called lord Trentham, to raife portions for younger children; and alfo to explain and amend certain powers for making jointures in the fetflement

made

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of th* STATUTES.

made on his marriage with Eliza-	tue of a decree of the court of

betb his late wife.	Chancery.

4. An all to enable James Stanley ef- 12. An alt for the fale of certain

Suire, commonly called lord	lands in the parishes of Barking and

trangt, eldeft fon and heir appa-	Dagenham, in the county of Effex,

rent of Edward earl of Derby, and	part of the eftate of the late Sir

his iffue by Lucy his wife (late Lucy	Orlando Humfreys baronet, deceaf-

Smith) to take and ufe the firname ed, for the purpofes therein men-of Smith* and bear the arms of tioned.

Smith and Hertz.

5.	An aSt for veiling the fettled eftate late of the honourable Robert Bynge efquire, deceafed, and Elizabeth his wife, in the county of Hertford, in truftees, to be fold; and for applying the money ariiing by fuch foie, for the purpofes therein mentioned*

6.	An alt for inrolling the will of George late vifeount Lanesborough in the kingdom of Ireland, and making the exemplification thereof evidence in all courts in Great Britain and Ireland.

7.	An all to confirm and eftablilh an agreement for inclofing and dividing certain common fields in the hamlet of Badbury in the county of Wilts.

8.	An all to enable Robert Burton* lately called Robert Lingen, and the heirs male of his body, to take and ufe the fomame of Burton only, purfuant to the will of Thomas Bur-ton efquire, deceafed.

9.	An alt to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of the manors of Wooking,Cbabham, and Bag* Jbott, and other lands and hereditaments in the county of Surrey, to Abel Walter, efquire, and his heirs.

jo. An all for naturalizing Anthony Andref David Andre, and others, xi. An aH for veiling a moiety of the late Sir George Strode* s eftates, in the counties of Dorfet and Somerfet, in the right honourable Francis earl Brooke, a9 the fame is now held and enjoyed by him, purfuant to Sir George Strode*s will, and the partition of the foid eftates made by vir-

13.	An all for veiling divers manors, lands and hereditaments in the county of Suffolk, late the eftate of Thomas Carthew efquire, deceafed, in his’ executors, to enable them to convey the fame, purfuant to articles entered into for the purchafe thereof.

14.	An aH for fale of the eftate late of Henry Fleetwood efquire, deceafed, in the county of Lancajler, for railing money to difeharge the incumbrances affeltingthe fame, and for laying out the furplus of the money anfing by fuch fale, in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the ufes of a former fettlement.

15.	An all for veiling certain eftates of Thomas Lloyd efquire, and Anne his wife, in truftees, to be fold for difeharging incumbrances affeding the fame, and for fettling other e-ftates to the ufes of their marriage fettlement.

16.	An all for veiling the eouity of redemption of divers meuuages, lands, and hereditaments in King-fort upon Hull, and the county of York, late the eftate of George Daw-fon efquire, deceafed, in Roper Daw-fon, his eldeft fon and heir, upon his undertaking to difeharge the feveral incumbrances affeHing the fame, and to make a provifion for his brothers and fillers.

17.	An ad for confirming an agreement between James Fox and John Bridges efquires, for exchanging certain lands in the pariih of Cob-hum, in the county of Surry, and for rendering the foid agreement

more

Digitized by L^OOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

more effectual for the purpofes the founding and maintaining a thereby intended.	fchool and alms-houfes at Rugby in

18. An aft for fale of the fettled eftate	the county of Warwick, to be ap-

• of George Chafin efquire, in the	plied in rebuilding the faid fchool,

counties of Southampton and Surrey,	or purchafing one or more meflu-

for paying off and difcharging feve-	age or mettuages, together with

ral debts and incumbrances, and	fome ground adjoining thereto, and

for fettling lands in the county of	for the better fupport of the faid

Somerfet\ in lieu thereof, to the like	charity.

ufes.	24. An aft for vetting the ettates of

19.	An aft for vetting the fettled e-	Richard Williams a bankrupt (which

ftate late of Jojeph Banks the elder	were fettled, on his marriage with

efquire, decealed, in the parifh of	Sarah Williams his prefent wife) in

Saint James, within the liberty of	the aflignees under the commiffion

Wefiminfier, in truftees, in order to	of bankruptcy awarded againft him,

make (ale thereof, and for laying	to be fold for payment of his debts,

out the money arifing by fuch fale	and for making a provifion for the

in the purchafe of lands to be fet-	faid Sarah Williams, and her ifliie,

tied to the fame ufes.	in fuch manner as therein is men-

20.	An aft for confirming certain ar- tioned.

tides of agreement between the 25. An aft for inclofing, dividing, creditors of Hugh Naijh efquire, and	and exchanging the common fields,

the truftees named in an aft of par^ common paftures, common mea-liament of the eleventh year of his dows, and other grounds, in the prefent Majefty, for vetting the real	manor and townlhip of Faceby in

and perfonal ettates of the (aid Hugh	Cleveland, in the north riding of the

Naijh in truftees, for the benefit of	county of York, and for providing

his creditors, and for other purpo-	certain recompences to the impro-

fes therein mentioned.	priators and vicar of Faceby, in lieu

21.	An aft for repealing of part, and of tythes.

for explaining and amending other 26. An aft to confirm and eftablifh parts of an aft patted in the eigh-	an agreement, for inclofing and di-

teenth year of the reign of his pre-	viding a large open common pa-

fture ground called Somergangs,

. efquire, for raijing money towards the 27. An aft for confirming and eftab-purclyafe of the manors of Dalby and	lilhing agreements,for inclofing and

Broughton in the county of Leice-	exchanging lands in Holton, in the

fier, contracted for purfuant to the	county of Lincoln, and for render-

will of Anthony Keck bis Grandfa-	ing the fame more effeftual for the

ther, and for other purpofes therein	purpofes thereby intended,

mentioned.	28.	An aft for inclofing certain com-

22.	An aft for fale of part of the e-	mon pafture grounds, within the

ftate late of Corbet Kynafon efquire,	manors and parifties of Langwitb

deceafed, for the payment of debts	and Plejley, and the hamlets of Sto-

affefting the fame, and for other	ney Houghton and Shirhrook, in the

purpofes therein mentioned.	faid parifties, in the county of

23. An aft for railing money out of	Derby.

An eftate in the county of Middle- 29. An aft to enable Richard Weddell fix* given by Lawrence Sheriff, for efquire (lately called Richard El-

otherwife Somergams, in the parilh of Drypool, in the county of York.

cod)

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

cock) and his ifliie, to take and bear the firname and arms of Weddell* purfuant to the will of Thomas Weddell efquire, deceafed; and for im-powering the faid Richard Weddell, and thole in remainder after him, to make leafes of the eftates devifed to him and them by the faid will.

30.	An aft for naturalizing John Thor-beeke.

31.	An ad for naturalizing Peter Neau.

Anno 22 Georgti II.

Cap. 1. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain* for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine.

Cap. 3. Declaring the authority of the commilfioners appointed by his Majesty under the great feal of Great Britain* for receiving, hearing, and determining appeals in caufes of prizes.

Cap. 4. For repairing and widening . the road leading from the well at the north-weft end of the town or village of Farnborougb in the county of Kent, to a place called Riverhill, in the parifti of Sevenoaks* in the faid county.

Cap. 5. For punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 6. For repairing, enlarging, and preferving the harbour of EUenfoot in the county of Cumberland.

Cap. 7. For repairing the road from the Weft Cowgate near the town of Newcaflle upon Tyne* through the weft end of Kenton* Pont Eland* Higham Dykes* Newham Edge* Bel-fay Mill* and South Middleton* to the

north fide of the river Wanfpeck* in the county of Northumberland.

Cap. 8. To continue two a&s of par* liament, one of the firft and the o-ther of the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and enlarging the road leading, from the houfe called The Sign of the Bells* in the parifh pf Saint Margaret in Rochefter* to Maidflone* and other roads therein mentioned in the county of Kent ^ and for rendering the fame more effedtual.

Cap. 9. For repairing the road from North Shields in the county ofNorthumberland* to the town of New-caftle upon Tyne.

Cap. 10. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots* upon every Scots pint of beer and ale which (hall be fold or fended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for fale, within the town of Anftrutber Eafter, and liberties thereof.

Cap. 11. For draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds in the feveral parifhes of Sutton* Mepall* JVitcham* Chatteris* Doding-don* and a place called Byal Fen* in the IJle of Ely* and county of Cambridge*•* and alfo in the parifhes of Scmerjham and Pidley with Fenton in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 12. For continuing and making more effedtual two ads of parlia-liament, the one paffed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, and the other in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from Sherbrook Hill near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith in the county of Derby* through the town of Stock-port in the county of Chefter* to Manchefter in the county of Lan-eafter \ and for amending other roads adjoining to the road directed to be repaired by the firft mentioned adt.

Cap,, 13. For laying a duty of two

pennies

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, which (hall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or Ibid, within the town of kingborn, and liberties thereof.

Cap. 14. For continuing and making more efFedtual two adts of parliament, for repairing the highway between a certain place called Kil-burn Bridge in the county of Mid-dlefex and Sparrows Herne in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 15. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an adt pafled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Maiefty, for repairing the feveral roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Leominjler in the county of Hereford; and for making the laid adt more efFedtual.

Cap. 16. For draining and improving certain fen lands within the manors and parithes of Upwell and Outwelly and the parilhes of Denver and Welney, in the IJle of Ely, and counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

Gap. 17. For effedtually amending and repairing the road leading from Wamford Bridge in the county of Northampton, to the town of Stamford in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 18. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an adt pafled in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the feveral roads leading into the city of Hereford.

Cap. 19. For the more efFedtual draining and preferving of feveral fen lands, and field lands, in the bounds and precindts of Whittlefea in the Ifle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 20. For making more efFedtual an adt pafled in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, for the better preferving the navigation of the rivers Avon and Broome-, and for

cleanfing, paving, and *enHghtefl~ ing the ftreets of the city of Bri/fo/9 fo far as the fame adt relates to the paving and enlightening the £rid ftreets; and for the regulating hackney coachmen, halliers, draymen, and carters, and the markets, and fellers of hay and draw, within the faid city and liberties thereof.

Cap. 2i. For explaining and amending an adt pafled in the feventeenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for raiftng andefia-blijbing a fund for a provifion for ibe widows and children of the minifters of the church of Scotland, and of the heads, principals, and majlers of the univerfities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, and Edinburgh.

Cap. 22. For the better afeertainin^, recovering, and colledting certam duties commonly called petty cu-* ftoms, or wharfage, payable upon the importation and exportation of goods and merchandizes into, or out of the harbour of the borough and town of Weymouth and Mel-combe Regis in the county of Dorfet\ and alfo of ballad and harbour-duties payable in refpedt of (hips and veflels coming into, and going out of the faid harbour, and for the better repairing and keeping in repair the faid harbour and the wharfs, and other publick buildings and works within the faid borough and town.

Cap. 23. To charge the (inking fund with the payment of annuities, in difeharge of navy, vidtualling and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures, to the amount therein mentioned.

Cap. 24. For remedying inconveni-encies which may happen by pro. ceedings in adtions on the ftatutes of Hue and cry.

Cap. 25. To explain and amend fo much of an adt made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for eJlabHJhing a

general

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

gtmral fofl	offite f her

dominionsj and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the fervieeof the war, and jefij s occafions; as relates to horfes or furniture to be let to perfons riding pod.

Cap. 20. For repairing and widening the feverai roads leading into the town of Refs in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 27. For the more effectual preventing of frauds and abufes committed by perfons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linnen, fuftian, cotton, iron, leather, furr, hemp, flax, mohair, and filk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot preflers, and of all perfons employed in the faid feverai manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages.

Cap. 28. For continuing two aCts of parliament, the orxev pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for amending the feverai roads leading from the city of r ifloI\ and the other pafled in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefly, to explain and amend the fame aCt; and for making the faid aCts more effectual; and alfo for repairing other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 29. For making an authentick roll of valuation for the (hire of Argyll.

Cap. 30. For encouraging the people known by the name of Unitas Fra-trum, or United Brethren, to fettle in his Majcfty's colonies in America.

Cap. 31. For opening and making a new road from the eaft end of New Street in the parifh of Saint John, Soulhtvark, to and through the feverai places therein mentioned; and for keeping the faid road in repair for the future.

Cap. 32. For enlarging the term aqd powers granted by an aCt pafled in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the high road leading from Borough Bridge in the county of York, through North Allerton in the fame county, to Croft Bridge on the river Tees ; and from thence through Darlington in the county of Durham, to the city of Durham; an<l for making the fame more effectual.

Cap. 33. For amending, explaining, and reducing into one aCt of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Majesty’s fhips, veflels, and forces by lea.

Cap, 34, For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aCt made in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An afi for making a new road, and far repairing and amending the ancient road between the towns of Wifbech and March, in the Ifl^ of Ely and county of Cambridge.

Cap. 35. For repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Kingjlon upon Thames in the county of Surry, to a place called Sheet-bridge, near Petersfield in the county of Southampton; and alfo the road from Hindhead Heath, through Fernhurjl Lane and Midhurjl, to the city of Chichejler in the county of Suffix.

Cap. 36. For the more effectual preventing the importation and wear of foreign embroidery and brocade, and of gold and filver thread, lace, or other work made of gold or filver wire manufactured in foreign parts.

Cap. 37. For the better fecuring his Majesty’s duties arifipg upon coal, culm, and cinders, exported beyond fea.

Cap. 38. To prevent the mifehiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in

any

Digitized by v^ooQle

any one place, or carrying too great auantities of gunpowder together from one place to another.

Cap. 39. For enlargirtg the powers granted by an aft paued in the fix* teenth year of the reign of his pre-fent Majefty, for repairing the road from Borough-bridge, in the county or York, to Catherick in the fame county* and from thence to Pitrfe-bridge on the river Tees.

Cap. 40. For enlarging and maintaining the harbour of Ramfgate, and for cleanfing, amending, and preferving the haven of Sandwich.

Cap. 41. For rectifying miftakes in the names of feveral of the com-miflioners appointed to put in execution the aft for granting a land tax for the year one thoufand fe-ven hundred and forty eight, and for appointing othercommiflioners, together with thofe named in the faid aft, to put in execution an aft for granting a land tax for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, and for directing the names of collectors of the faid tax to be certified to the receivers general ; and for the relief of the borough of Honiton as to arrears of the land tax, and the houfe and window taxes, for the years one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight.

Cap. 42. For granting to his Majesty the fum of one million out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raife a further fum of one million for the ufes and pur-pofes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this fefllon of parliament 5 and for applying a certain fum for defraying certain charges and allowances to the officers and private gentlemen of the reduced troops of horfe guards ;J and for

continuing the bounties on th$ exportation of Britijb and Irijb fix*-nens; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders loft, burnt, or other-wife deftroyed.

Cap. 43. For the further enlarging the term and powers granted ana continued by two afts of parliament, the one pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of her late ma— jefty Queen Anne* and the other in the twelfth vear of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, For repairing the roads from the city of Worcefter, through the borough <?/T)roitwich to Dyers Bridge near Bromfgrove, in the county of Worcefter; and alfo for repairing the roads from Dyers Bridge through the town of Bromfgrove to Spadef-bourn Bridge, and from Droitwich to BradleyBrook, in the fame county.

Cap. 44. To enable fuch officers, mariners, and foldiers,as have been in his Majesty’s fervice fince his acceflion to the throne, to exercife trades.

Cap. 45. For the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale filhery, and for continuing fuch laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto; and for the naturalization of fuch foreign proteftants as (hall fcrve, for the time therein mentioned, on board fuch Ihips as (hall be fitted out for the faid filhery.

Cap. 46. To continue feveral laws tor preventing exaftions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river Thames weftward, and for afcertaining the rates of water carriage upon the faid river; and for continuing, explaining, and amending the feveral laws for the better regulation of attornies and folici-tors; and for regulating the price and affizc of bread; and for preventing the fpreadingof the diftem-per amongft the horned cattle; and

Digitized by v^ooQie

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

alfo for making further regulations with refpedt to attornies and folici-tors; and for further preventing the fpreading of the diftemper amongft the horned cattle; and for the more frequent return of writs in the counties palatine of Chejler and Lan-caller; and for afcertaining the me-tnod of levying writs of execution againft the inhabitants of hundreds; and for allowing Quakers to make affirmation in cafes where an oath is or (hall be required.

Cap. /• 7. For the more eafy and fpee-dy recovery of fmall debts, within the town and borough of South-wark,> and the feveral parifhes of of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Ber-mondfey, Cbrifi Church, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rother-hithe, in the county of Surry, and the feveral precinds and liberties of the fame.

Cap. 48. Toafcertain and eftablifhthe method of proceeding to and upon outlawries for high treafon, and mif-prifion of high treafon, in Scotland.

Cap. 49. For making a free market for the (ale of fi(h in the city of IVeJhqinfler; and for preventing the foreftalling and monopolizing of fi(h; and for allowing the fale of ii(h, under the dimenfipns mentioned in a claufe contained in an ad of the firft year of his late Ma-jefty’s reign, in cafe the fame are taken with a hook.

Cap. 50. For the better repairing the highways, and cleanfing the ftreets, within the parifh of Saint Leonard Shoredith, in the county of Middlesex ; and for better enlightening the open places, ftreets, lanes, paflages, and courts there; and regulating the nightly watch, and bedels, within the faia parifh.

Cap. 51. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by an ad patted in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing Vol. XIX.

the high road leading from the town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence through Wiojlon to Barnard Cajlle in the fame county, and for the effedual amending of the fame.

Cap. 52. For .vetting the feveral e-ftates of James late earl of Derwent-water and Charles Radclijfe deceaf-ed, comprized in feveral fettle-ments therein mentioned, in truf-tees, for an abfolute ettate of inheritance, for the benefit of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, and for raif-ing certain fums of money out of part of the faid eftates, for the relief of the children of the faid Charles Radclffie.

Private Afis.

Anno 22 Georgii II.

1.	An ad for enclofing and dividing Eajl IVoodhey Down, and the open and common fields of Eajl JVoodhey and Hollington in the county of Southampton, purfuant to an agreement entered into for that purpofe.

2.	An ad for enabling John Griffin Whitwell efquire, and his ifliie, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Griffin.

3.	An ad to enable Samuel Grundy (now called Samuel Sivinfen) and the heirs male of his body, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Sivinfen.

4.	An ad for naturalizing Martin Klencke, John James Grand, and Anthony' Columbus.

5.	And ad for naturalizing Gabriel Guillon.

6.	An ad for confirming an order and rule of the court of Common Pleas, for affeflingeertain lands and tenements in the manor of Betlow, to the parochial rates and levies of and in the parifh of Tring, in the county of Hertford.

7.	An ad for confirming and eftab-lifhing an agreement for dividing and inclofing certain open field*

b	and

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and lands in the manors of Waker-ley and Wittering, in the county of Northampton.

8.	An ad for confirming articles of agreement and award for incloting and dividing the heaths, waftes, fields, and common grounds in the townfhip of Norton juxta Twicro/s, in the countv of Leicefler.

9.	An ad for fettling a certain yearly payment to the redor of Broughton in the county of Bucks, for the ' time being, in lieu of tythes, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

10.	An ad for explaining and amending a power given by the marriage fettiement of Rickard Luther efquire, and Charlotte his wife, and for making the fame more effedual for the benefit of the children of that marriage.

ir. An ad for empowering the committee of the eftate of John Rogers efquire, a lunatick, to make fur-renders and leafes of the freehold and leafehold eftates of the faid lunatick, during his lunacy.

12.	An ad to enable and oblige Charles Fitz Roy efquire, and Frances ' his wife, and the iffue of her body, to take and ufe the additional fur-name, and bear the arms of Scudamore.

13.	An ad for authorizing and im-powering Thomas Harrifon to take and ufe the fumame of Kimpfon, in performance of a condition contained in the will of Thomas Kimpfon clerk, deceafed.

14.	An ad to enable Jofeph Fojler Barham efquire, and his iflue, to take and ufe the furname of Barham, purfuant to the will of Henty Barham efquire deceafed.

15.	An ad to diflolve the marriage of Samuel Rajh gentleman, with Dorothy Fuller, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

16.	An ad for naturalizing George William Renner, and Frederick Ckri-Jlopher Pritzler.

17.	An ad for naturalizing Magdalen Aldworth.

18.	An ad for naturalizing Charles Louis Courant.

19.	An ad for diverting the crown of the reverfion in fee fimple of and in the manors of Spalding and Hoi-bech, and of feveral lands, tenements, and hereditaments to the fame belonging, in the county of Lincoln, and of and in a piece or parcel of ground in the parifh of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the county of Middlefex, and the buildings thereon, expedant on certain eftates tail, and for verting the fame in certain other perfons therein named, to the intent the fame may be barred by proper methods in law, for the purpofe therein mentioned.

20.	An ad to enable Charles earl of Peterborpw, or the other heirs of entail, to fell lands in the counties of Kincarden and Aberdeen, for payment of debts charged thereupon, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

21.	An ad to enable the bifhop of London, or his fucceflors, to demife or fell the capital mefiuageor man-fion houfe called London Houfe, for the benefit of the bilhoprick of London.

22.	An ad for applying part of the perfonal eftate of Gilbert late lord bifhop of Salisbury, for the purchasing of lands or rents in perpetuity in Scotland, to be fettled to feveral charitable ufes and purpofes in his will mentioned.

23.	An ad for confirming and eftab-lirtiing an agreement between Henry lord Tcynham and Sir Francis Curfon baronet, for a partition 6f the eftate of John Powell efquire, deceafed, and for rendering the faid agreement more effedual for the

purpofes

6

Digitized by

A TABLE of the

purpofes thereby intended, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

24.	An aft for ratting money upon the fettled eftate of William lord vifeount Vaney for the payment of his debts.

25.	An aft for fale of the inheritance of part of the fettled eftate of Charles lord vifeount Faney in the county of Devon, and in the county of Limericky in the kingdom of Ire-landy for diicharging debts and incumbrances; and alfo for fettling another eftate in the county of Berksy in lieu thereof; and for fe-curing a rent charge to Mary vif-countefs Faney as a compensation for her eftate for life, in the pre-mifles in the county of Devon.

26-	An aft to enable the making of leafes and fetts of mines of the e-ftates of Sir Richard Vyvyan baronet, an infant, in the counties of Cornwall and Devony during his minority.

27-	An aft for felling the manors, advowfon, reftory, woods, lands, and hereditaments, devifed by the will of Sir John Williams knight, deceafed, for the purpofes therein mentioned ; and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled in lieu thereof.

28.	An aft for dilcharping the eftate of IVilliam Levlnz efquire, in Billy, Ranby, and Stirropy in the county of Nottingham, from a yearly pay-' ment of thirty pounds given by Sir Crefwell Levinz knight, for charitable ufes, and for charging the fame on his eftate at Grove in the fame county.

29.	An aft for veiling the undivided fifth part of divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Sujfexy the eftate of Ebenezer Marlow, and William Marlow his fon, an infant, in truftees, in truft, to fell the fame for the purpofes therein mentioned.

STATUTES.

30.	An aft for vetting part of the foiled eftate of Nathaniel Cotton 6oftor in phyfick, lying in the county of Hertford, in truftees, in truft, to fell the fame, and to lay ant the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of another eftate to he fettled to the ufes of his marriage Settlement.

31.	An aftfor veiling the inheritance .of the real eftate late of John Lock-wood gentleman, deceafed, in truftees, for the payment of the incumbrances charged upon the fame, by virtue of and under his will.

32.	An aft for fale of part of the fet-< tied eftate of Nicholas Glynn efquire,

deceafed, for difeharging incumbrances, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

33.	An aft for veiling the fettled e-ftate of Walter Hawkfwortb efquire, in the county of #n£, in him and his heirs, and for fettling the manor of Hawkfwortb in the fame county, in lieu thereof, to the like ufes.

34.	An aft for difpofing of part of the real eftate of William Robinfon Lytton dquirCy deceafed, direfted by his will to be fold for ratting portions for his daughters, in order to difeharge incumbrances affefting the fame, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

35.	An aft for fale of part of the e-ftate of Francis Gwyn efquire, in the county of Devony for raifing money to difeharge his fillers portions, and other incumbrances affefting the fame, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

36.	An aft for fale of a meffuage, and certain freehold and copyhold lands and hereditaments in Twick-

. enham in the county of MiddlefeXy the eftate of Mary Middleton widow, and others, and for veiling the money arifing thereby, in trustees, for the fame ufes to which the faid eftate now Hands fettled.

37.	An

Digitized by

37.	An a& for indofingand dividing certain commons ana waftes, within the manor and parifh of Wat-Ungton in the county of Norfolk.

38.	An a d to enable Robert Lynch ef-quire, to afliime and take upon him the name of Blqffe.

39.	An aft for naturalizing Frederick Chriflopher Kempe.

40.	An ad for naturalizing Peter Au-riel.

41.	An ad for fale of feveral eftates in the counties of Mayo and Rof~ common, in the kingdom of Irelandy belonging to Henry late lord vif-count Dillon, for payment of debts, arid other purpofes therein mentioned.

42.	An ad for felling the fettled ef-tate of Catherine, commonly called lady Lymington, for difcharging feveral debts and incumbrances, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

43.	An ad for fale of part of the fettled eftate of John Raymond, a bankrupt, and for applying part of the money arifing by luch fale as part of the faid bankrupt’s eftate, liable to diftribution amongft his credi-

tors, and for laying out the refidue in the purchafe of another eftate, to be fettled as therein is mentioned.

44.	An ad for fale of divers lands and tenements in Twickenhamy in the county of Middlefexy devifed bv the will of Paul Mansfield deceafed, purfuant to an agreement for that purpofe, and for the benefit of his grand children.

45.	An ad for confirming and eftab-Jifhing certain articles of agreement for inclofingand dividing the common fields and common grounds in the tything of Broad Blunfdon in the county of WiUsy and making the fame more effedual for the purpofes therein mentioned.

46.	An ad for annexing the redory of Glafton in the county of Rutland, to the office of mafter or keeper of the houfe or college of Saint Peter in the univerfity of Cambridge.

47.	An ad for authorizing and im-powering Thomas Brereton efquire, and his heirs, to take and ufe the fumame of Salusbury.

48.	An ad for naturalizing Emanuel Bowler.

The End of the TABLE.

Digitized by L^OOQle

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno vicefimo GEORG 11 II. Regis.

AT	the parliament	begun and holden at Weft-

jLjl niinfter, the jirfi day of December, Anno Dom. 1741,	in the fifteenth year of the reign of our

fovereign Lord George the Second, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, , defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by federal prorogations to the eighteenth day of November, 1746, being the fixth fejfion of fent	parliament.

CAP. I.

An all for the further continuing an all made in the laft bf parliament, intituled. An adt to impower his Majesty to fecure and detain fuch petfons as his Majesty (haU fufpedt are confpiring againft his perfon and government. EXP.

WHEREAS a wicked and unnatural rebellion being begun ih that part of this kingdom called Scotland, by divers of his Majesty's	fubjeds, encouraged	by his enemies abroad, in order to fet

a	popijb pretender upon the throne, to the utter	the

tejlant religion^ and the laws and liberties of this frie	an

ad	paffed in the lajl fejfton of parliament, intituled. An aft to im- jjGts. x.c.i.

power his Majesty to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Majesty (hall fufpeA are confpiring againft his perfon and government} and the find ad is thereby declared to continue until lie nineteenth day of April, in the year of our Lord one	feven	hun-

dred and forty fix: and whereas one other off paffed in the fame i9Geo.*.c.i7. fum of	parliament,intituled.	An ad for continuing an aft of this ’

prefent felfion of parliament, intituled, An ad to impower his Majefiy to fecure and detain fuch perfons as bis Majefty Jhall are conjpiring againft his perfon and government •, whereby it was enabled, That the fatd firft mentioned ad,- and all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, and authorities therein contained, Jhould continue and remain in full force and vigour, from and after the nineteenth day of April, for and until the twentieth day a/' November, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fortyfix, and Voi.. XIX.	B	no

Digitized by L^OOQle

7 & 8 W. 3

c. 18.

See so Geo c. 4*. siGeo.i.c,

Anno viccfimo Georgii IL c. 2,3.	„	[1747.

jm &«jf/r;	whereas it is necejfary for the pubtick fafety* that the

jaid firft recited afl Jbould be further continued: now, for the better prefervation of his Majesty’s facred perfon, and for fecuring the peace of this kingdon* in this particular coniun&ure, a gain ft all traiterous attempts and confpiracies whatfoever 3 be it enacted, &c.

The firfl afl continued till so Feb, 174.6*

CAP. II.

An aA for granting an aid to bis Majefty by a land tax to be railed in Great Britain, for the fenrice of the year one thoufand feven hundred Snd forty feven. Exp. At 4s. m the pound.

CAP. III.

An aft for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon houfes* windows* and lights \ and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houfes* windows, or lights •, and for raiftng the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities* to be charged on the faid rates or duties.

WHEREAS by an a ft of parliament made and pajfed in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majefty King ,, William the Thirds of glorious memory, intituled* An adt for granting to his Majesty (everal rates or duties upon houfes, for mak-,0# ing good the deficiency of the clipped money; it was amongft other things enabled* That for and during the term of feven years* to commence and be accounted from the twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and ninety fix, and no longer, there Jbould be charged, levied* and paid unto his faid late Majejly, his heirs and fuccejjors* for and upon every dwelling-boufe inhabited* which then was* or that hereafter Jbould be erefled within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon T weed, the annual or yearly fums therein mentioned j that is to fay,

For every fuch dwelling-boufe inhabited* then ere fled* or which Jhould thereafter be ere fled* within the faid kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweeu, the yearly fum of two JhiUings.

And for every fuch dwelling-houfe inhabited* having ten windows* or more* and under the number of twenty* the fum of four JhiUings yearly, over and above the faid yearly fum of two JhiUings.

And for every fuch dwelling-boufe inhabited, having twenty win* dows* or more* the yearly fum of eight JhiUings* over and above the faid yearly fum of two JhiUings.

IVbicb faid fums of money were* by thefaid afl* dire fled to be charged upon* and paid by the inhabitants or occupiers of fuch dwelling-host)is* and not the landlords who lett or demifed the fame* and were to bo raifed* levied* collefled* anfwered* and paid unto bis Mqefty* at fuch times, and in fuch manner and form* and by fuch ways and means* 2	and

Digitized by

Google

1747*] Anno vicefrnio Georgii II. c. 3.	3

Uffrf */»<£rr fuch penalties and forfeitures, jwi applied to fuch ufes and purpofes,	are mentioned and prefcribed in the faid aft: and where-

as by one other aft pajfed its the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his faid late Majefiy, (intituled, An ad for making good the * w* deficiencies of feveral funds therein mentioned, and for enlarg- *10# ing the capital flock of the bank of England, and for raifing the publick credit) the faid rates and duties granted by the before recited aft, were continued until the firjl day of Auguft, one thoufand fevett hundred and fix-, and by one other aft pajfed in the firjl year of the reign of her late majefiy Queen Anne, (intituled, An ad for mak- * Ann*, ft. *• ing good deficiencies, and for preferving the publick credit) c. 13. ' the faid rates and duties upon houfes, granted and continued by the two afts of parliament before recited\ were further continued until the firjl day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and ten; and by one other aft made and pajfed in the fifth year of the reign of her faid late majefiy Queen Anne, (intituled, An ad for continuing 5 Ann*, c. ip the duties upon houfes, to fecure a yearly fund for circulating exchequer bills, whereby a fum not exceeding fifteen hundred thoufand pounds is intended toberaifed for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s ocqafions) the faid rates and duties upon houfes, granted and continued by the feveral afts before recited, were made perpetual for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned, fubjeft to redemption by parliament, and divers provifions and direftions are contained in the feveral before recited afts, for raifing, levying, col-lifting, and paying the faid rates and duties, and for applying the fame to the ufes and purpofes fpecified in the faid afts: and whereas by an aft pajfed in the eighth year of the reign of her faid late mate-Jly Queen Anne, (intituled, An ad for continuing part of the au- g Ann*, ties upon coals, culm, and cinders, and granting new duties	’

upon houfes having twenty windows or more, to raife the fum of fifteen hundred thoufand pounds, by way of a lottery, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ten) it was, amongfi other things enafted, That for and during the term of thirty two years, to be accounted from the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, there Jhould be charged, raifed, colkfttd, levied, and paid unto her Majefiy, her heirs and fuccejfors, for and upon every dwelling-houfe inhabited, that then was, or .thereafter Jhould be erefted or built within the kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty windows, or more, and under thirty windows, the yearly fum of ten Jhillings; and for every fuch dwell-ing-houfe having thirty windows, or more, the yearly fum of twenty Jhillings: which faid new or additional duties, as to fuch houfes as are in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, were dir efted to be paid by the refpeftive occupiers or inhabitants of fuch ehvelhng-houfes, over and above the feveral duties amounting to ten Jhillings per annum, chargeable upon houfes there, by virtue of former afts of parliament in that behalf: and by one other aft made and pajfed in the fifth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George 5 Geo. 1. c!i$. the Firfi, of glorious memory, (intituled, An ad for redeeming the fond appropriated for paymient of the lottery tickets which were made forth for the fervice of the year one thoufand feVen hun-

B 2	"	dred

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c, j. [<747-

drcd and ten, by a voluntary fubfcription of the proprietors into the capital (lock of the South Sea company; and for railing a fum of money to pay off fuch debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned \ and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament; and to limit times for profecutions upon bonds for exporting cards and dice) the faid new or additional duties upon houfes were made perpetual^ for the ufes and purpofes tbore-in mentioned, fubjeCt to redemption by parliament; and divers previ-Jions and directions are contained in the two lafi recited adls, for the raifingy managing, collecting, and paying the faid additional duties, as in and by the faid ads, relation being thereunto had, may more fulh appear: and whereas the revenue ari/ing by the faid feveral and reJpeCtive rates and duties upon houfes hatnfor feme years pafl greatly decreafedy and the fame is fill likely to diminijb ; we your Majefty’s Amended by »o mo^ dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, Geo. c. 41, in parliament aflembled, think it will be for the advantage of nGeo.i.c.10. the publick to repeal the prefent rates and duties upon houfes, and in lieu thereof to grant unto your Majefty the feveral new rates and duties herein after mentioned, as well for fecuring a certain fund for payment of fuch incumbrances as are now charged upon the faid rates and duties upon houfes, as to enable your Majefty to raife a certain fum of money towards the fupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven; and therefore do moft humbly befeechyour Majefty that it may beenaded, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lord* fpiritual anil temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alfem-The rates up- bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the °n houfes to twenty fifth day of Marchy which (hall be in the year of our March°T747 ^°rc* onc t^ou^an(* feven hundred and forty feven, all the rates 7* and duties, and additional rates and duties upon houfes, granted, continued, and made perpetual by the feveral adls of parliament herein before recited, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then and from thenceforth all the powers and authorities given or granted by the faid feveral adls, lb far as the fame relate to levying, fecuring, colledling, or recovering the faid rates and duties upon houfes, and all penalties and forfeitures relating thereto, (hall alfo ceafe, determine. Arrears, &c. and not be put in execution; fave only and except in all cafes recoverable, relating to the recovering any arrears, which may at that time remain unpaid, of the laid rates and duties upon houfes, of to any penalties or forfeitures in refpedl thereof which (hall have arifen or grown due and payable to his Majesty, or may have been incurred, upon or at any time before the laid twenty fifth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and forty (even; I	any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwith-

r	(landing.

The Hites laid H* And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That upon houfes from and after the faid twenty fifth day of Marchy one thou-by this aft, fand feven hundred and forty feven, there (hall be charged, railed, levied, and paid unto nis Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-

fors.

Digitized by L,ooQle

5

1747*1 Anno vicefimo Georgii If. c.3.

fbrs9 the feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights, herein after mentioned; that is to fay.

For and upon every dweDing-houfe inhabited, which now is, or hereafter (hall be erefted within that part of Great Britain called England, the yearly fum of two (hillings.

And for every window or light, in every dwelling-houfe within and throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, which (hall contain ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, or fourteen windows or lights, the yearly fum of fix pence for every window or light, in fuch houfe.

And for every window or light, in every dwelling-houfe as aforefaid, which (hall contain fifteen, fixteen, feventeen, eighteen, or nineteen windows or lights, the yearly fum of nine pence for. each window or light in (uch houfe.

And for every window or light, in every fuch dwelling-houfe as aforefaid, which (hall contain twenty windows or lights, and upwards, the yearly fum of one (hilling for each window or light in fuch houfe as aforefaid.

. to be paid , over and a-

III.	Provided neverthdefs, and it is the true intent and meaning of this aft, that the faid feveral and refpeftive yearly fums the duty before charged upon every window or light, contained in every cf lg. on 7 dwelling-houfe in England as aforefaid, (hall be paid over and houfes. above the faid duty of two shillings upon houfes before mentioned ; which faid feveral rates and duties by this aft granted as aforefaid, (hall be appropriated to the feveral ufes and purpofes

herein after mentioned, fubjeft neverthelefs to the provifo or condition of redemption herein after contained in that behalf.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Rates to be That the faid rates and duties by this aft granted as aforefaid, Paid <luajtcr-fhall be paid quarterly, at the four mod ufiial feafts or days of 7* payment in the year; that is to fay, the feafts of the nativity of

§aint John the Baptift, Saint Michael the Archangel, the birth of our Lord Chrift, the annunciation of the blcfled virgin Mary,	.

by even and equal portions; the firft payment thereupon to be ipade at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John the Baptift, which lhall be in the year of our Lord one thoiifand feven hundred and forty feven.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Charged only the rates and duties by this aft granted as aforefaid, (hall be upon the tc-charged only upon the inhabitants or occupiers for the time be** nant#

ing of the refpeftive dwelling-houfes, in which fuch*windows or lights are contained, his, her, or their executors or administrators refpeftively, and not on the landlord who lett or demifed the fame, except in fuch cafe as is in this aft hereafter mentioned.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Commiffion-That for the better execution of this aft, and for the ordering, J^0ro teconw railing, collecting, levying, and paying of the feveral fums of miffior :rs for money hereby granted, all and every the perfons named or ap- this aft.

B 3	pointed.

Digitized by

Time and

place of com

miffioners

fneetin$.

pommiflion-ers to divide themfdves.

and ifliie precepts to a(Te(T-prs, kc.

Day to be pre fixed for bringing certificates, kc.

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c.3.	[*747*

pointed to be commiflioners for putting in' execution an aft of this prefent feflion of parliament (intituled. An aft for granting1 an aid to bis Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred andforty feven) or by any other aft or afts of parliament thereby referred unto, or who mail hereafter be named or appointed commiflioners for putting in execution any future aft or afts of parliament for granting an aid to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, by a land tax in Great Britain, (hall be commiflioners for putting in execution this prefent aft, and the powers therein contained, in all and every the refpeftive counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque-ports, towns, and place refpeftively, within Great Britain as aforefaid; which faid commiflioners, in order to the fpeedy execution of this aft, (hall, in their refpec-tive counties, (hires, ftewartries,ridings,cities, boroughs, cinque-ports, towns, and places for which they are appointed commif-fioners refpeftively, meet together at the moft ufual or common place of meeting, within fuch of the faid counties, (hires, ftewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque-pbrts, towns, and places refpeftively, on or before the eighteenth, day of Aprils one thousand feven hundred and forty feven; and in like manner to meet yearly, and every year, at fuch day or time as (hall be appointed for the firft general meeting of the commiflioners, to be appointed by any future aft or afts of parliament for granting an aid to bis Majefty by a land tax, or on fuch other day as the faid commiflioners (hall think proper to appoint before the thirtieth day of April yearly; and the faid commiflioners, or fo many of them a $ (hall be prefent at the firft general meeting, or the major part of them, may, by their confents and agreements, divide, as well themfelves as other the commiflioners not then prefent for the execution of this aft, in hundreds, lathes, wapentakes, rapes, wards, towns, and other places within their limits, privileged or not privileged, in fuch manner as to them (hall feem meet ; and (hall direft their feveral or joint precept or precepts to fuch inhabitants, and fuch number of them as they in their difere-tion (hall think moft convenient to be prefentors and afleflors, requiring them to appear before the faid commiflioners, at fuch time and place as they (hall appoint, not exceeding ten days 5 and at fuch their appearances, the faid commiflions, or fo many pf them as (hall meet, (hall openly read, or caufe to be read unto them, the feveral rates and duties in this aft mentioned, and openly declare the effeft of their charge unto them, and how and in what manner they ought and fhould make their certificates and affeflments aepording to the feveral rates aforefaid; and (hail then and there prefix another day for the faid perfons to appear before the faid commiflioners, and bring in their certificates in writing under their hands, to be verified upon theix oaths, and not otherwife, of every dwelling-houfe inhabited and charged by this aft, within the limits of thofe places for which they are to aft, and of the number of windows or lights in e^ch houfe, together with the names and (irnames of the

feyer<4

Digitized by v^,ooQle

7

*74?•]	Anno viccfimo Georgii II. c. 3.

feveril occupiers or inhabitants of each refpe&ive dwelling-houfe, and of the feveral fums of money they ought to pay by virtue of this alt, without concealment or favour, upon pain of forfeiture of any fum, not exceeding five pounds, nor Jef* than forty (hillings, to be levied as by this aCt is appointed, and (hall alfo then return the names of two or more able and fufheient Perfons to be perfbns, within the bounds or limits of thofe parithes or places returned for where they (hall be afleflbrs refpeCtively, to be collectors of the collectors, feveral rates and duties granted to his Majesty by this aCt, for whole paying unto the receiver general now appointed, or for the time being to be appointed by his Majesty, or by the com-miffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, his deputy or deputies, in manner following, fuch money as they (hall be charged withal, the parilh or place by whom they are fo employed (nail be anfwerable 5 and every the parifb an-afiedor, fo as aforefaid appointed or to be appointed, (hall, be- fwerable for fore he take upon him the execution of the laid employment, ^Sbrs to take the oaths mentioned and required to be taken by an aCt made in the parliament held the firft year of the reign of King oaths. William and Queen Mary, intituled. An aft for abrogating tbs oaths of allegiance and fupremaey, and appointing other oaths, which oaths any three or more of the commiffioners in the county,

(hire, ftewartry* city or place where the faid afieffinent is to be made, have hereby power, and are hereby required to administer, as alfo all and every fuch other oaths, as are by this aCt required to be taken by any officer or perfon whatfbever.

VII.	And be it further egaCted by the authority aforefaid. The rates to That the rates and duties charged by this a & (hall be afeertain- beafeeftained, ed, and the certificates thereof returned to the faid commifiion- and ccrtifi-ers, on or before the fourth day of June yearly; and upon the June” delivery and return of fuch certificates or afieffinent? unto the yearly, faid commiffioners, they, or any three or more of them, (hall, at lead ten days before any of the rates and duties by this aCl granted (hall become due and payable, iffiie out and deliver their warrants or eftreats, under their hands and feals, to fuch col- Commiflion-leCtors as aforefaid, for the fpeedy collecting and levying of the	*th ”jrto

faid rates and duties, as they (hall refpeCtively become due and warrants, payable, and all monies and rates due thereupon, according to the intent and directions of this prefent aCt; of all which the and concCfors feid collectors are hereby required to make demand of the parties to make de-chargeable therewith, or at the places of their lad abode, with- mand of the in ten days after the find duties hereby granted (hall refpeCtively ratcs» become due and payable, and upon payment thereof, to give acquittances under their hands (without taking any thing for fuch acquittances) unto the feveral perfons who (hall pay the (ame; and that fuch acquittaoces (hall be a full and perfect discharge to every fuch perfon who (hall pay the fame, againft his Majesty, his neirs and fucceflors; and the faid collectors are Collectors hereby required to pay in all fuch fums of. money as they (hall when to pay receive, within twenty days after the receipt thereof, at fucb place w thc mowcs*

3 4	as

Digitized by Google

Commifiion-ers to hallen

ments and collettions to f he commif-fipners.

8	Anno	viccfimo Georgix II. c. 3*	[174.7.

as the commiffioners (hall appoint, unto the refpeCtive receiver general, his deputy or deputies, who are hereby impowered and required to call upon and haften the collectors to make the laid payment \ and in default of fuch payment to levy, by warrant under the hands and feals of any three or more of the com-the collegers, miffioners, upon the collectors, by diftrefc and fale of his or their incafe of non- 8°°^s an^ chattels, fuch fum and fums of money as he hath re-payment.”011 ceiv€d» and as ought by him to have been paid, and is not paid by reafon of his failure in doing his duty, according to the direction of this aCt.

Collectors to VIII. And be it further enaCted, That for the better charg-giye copies of Ing the duties arifing by this aCt, the collectors of the faid duties «nent«and* ^a^ caufe a copy of the refpeCtive afleflments given to them, and men * an	the colleCtion made by them, for fuch divifion, pari(h, or

place for which they were appointed collectors refpe&ively, to be fairly written and figned by them, but with fuch alterations therein as (hall be neceflary, by reafon of any new houfes erected or the number of windows in any houfe being increafed, or by reafon of the change of inhabitants or occupiers of any houfe, or otherwife, or a true duplicate thereof, figned as aforefaid, to be delivered unto three or more of fuch commiflioners for the refpeCtive counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, towns, di-vifions, or places for which they were appointed collectors, re-fpeCtively, within the fpace of ten days after the firft meeting of the commiffioners yearly.

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, *r>to examine That the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, the certifi-	(hall, and they are hereby authorized and required ItriCUy to

cates, See.	perufe the certificates or afleflments, which by this a€t are before

directed to be annually delivered to them, and alfo to examine the affeflors and prefentors thereof; and if the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, within their feveral limits or divi-fions, (hall, at the time of the delivery of fuch certificates or afleflments, or within ten days after, have certain knowledge or and on fufpi- caufe to fufoeCt that any dwelling-houfe or houfes, or the names char°e To*1* 0f any perfons which ought to be charged by this aCt, areomit-fummon tbe te^ m ^ certificates, or the full number of windows in any occupier. houfe not fet down, or that any dwelling-houfe is under-charged, or not duly charged, according to the directions of this act, the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, (hall have power to fummon the perfon or perfons inhabiting fuch dwelling-houfe to appear before them at a day and place to be prefixea, to be examined touching the rates and duties aforefaid, or touching Perfon fum- other matters which may any way concern the premifles; and if monednotap- any perfon or perfons fummoned to be fo examined (hall negleCt pearing, to to appear, not having a reafonable excufe for fuch his default, pay double cvery perfon f0 making default (hall pay unto his Majesty double the lum of the rate he (hould or ought to have been fet at; and moreover the faid commiffioners, to whom fuch certificates or af-feflinents (hall be delivered, or any three of them, or any other three commiflioners of the refpeCtive counties, (hires, or (iewaN

Commiflion-

rate.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1747*1 Anno vicefimo Georoii II. c. 3.

tries, where fuch affeflment (hall be made, (hall have power, and are hereby required, by aH lawful ways and means, to examine and enquire into and concerning the number of windows or lights in any dwelling-houfe thereby charged, or of any dwell-ing-houfe omitted to be charged, and thereupon to enlarge, alter, abate, or dimintfh the faid afleffments fo delivered to the laid commiflioners, fo that fuch rate or rates may be fet and impofed upon every fuch dwelling-houfe as (hall be according to the true intent ana meaning of this aCt; and the faid commif-fioners, or any three or more of them, fhali, after fuch perufal and examination thereof, fet their hands to the faid refpeCtive af-feflments, teftifying their allowance thereof, and (hall likewife nominate and appoint two of the perfons named in the faid certificate or affeflment to be collectors, or any other two fuch persons as they (hall think able and refponfible, for the refpeCtive divifions and places for which they were fo prefented 5 and (hall forthwith deliver, or caufe to be delivered, fuch affeflment fo by them allowed of, unto the refpeCtive perfons by them nominated to be collectors for the year enfuing, who are hereby ftriCtly enjoined and required to collect and pay the feveral rates and duties fo rated and affeffed, and to give acquittances according to the directions herein before contained for and touching the colledors of the faid duties hereby granted, and under the (Several penalties and forfeitures hereby inflicted upon collectors for negleCt or non-performance of their duty.

X. And be it enaCted, That the commiflioners for putting this aCt in execution, (hall caufe true duplicates of the (aid aflefl-ments to be made out, within three months at fartheft after the twenty fifth day of March yearly (the appeals being firft heard ?nd determined) and delivered unto the refpeCtive receivers general, and alfo tranfmitted into the offices of the King’s remembrancer, in the exchequer in England and Scotland refpeCtively; for which duplicates the proper officers (hall give acquittances gratis, fo as every of them may be duly charged to anfwer their refpeCtive collections and receipts; and that the faid duplicates (hall be made for the fame hundreds, wards, pari(hes, or places, for which diftinCt duplicates are and have been ufually made out for the land tax; and that in every fuch duplicate, the faid commiflioners (hall caufe to be inferred the names and iimames of the feveral affeffors and collectors for every fuch hundred, ward, pari(h, or place as aforefaid; and that the refpeCtive receivers general (hall pay the feveral films of money, by them received by virtue of this aCt, into his Majesty’s receipt of exchequer, by quarterly payments, upon the feveral days herein before appointed for payment thereof, or within forty days after; and in cafe any fuch receiver general or his deputy, (hall pay any part of the monies, paid to him or them by any collector by virtue of this aCt, to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, other than into the receipt of his Majesty’s faid exchequer, and at or within the refpeCtive times limited by this aCt (except the ne-pfffary charges pf receiving, levying, managing, paying, and

accounting

9

Commiflioners to examine into the number of windows charged, and ffttle the rate*.

Commiflioners to fign the afleflrnents, and nominate collectors.

Comraiffioners to give in duplicates to the receiver general.

Duplicates to contain the afleflors and collectors names.

Receivers general to pay the monies quarterly into the exchequer, &c.

Digitized by CaOOQle

r

IO

Anno vicefimo Georgii II.

ing, &c tun.

C-3-	•

accounting for the fame, as is herein after directed) then fuch receiver general (hall, for every fuch offence of himfelf, or his Penalty 5001. deputy, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds to him or them that (hall fue for the fame in any court of record, by bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efioin, protection, or wager of law Surveyors is to be allowed; and that if any furveyor of the faid rates and making duties, appointed or to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall knowing* «r°£? cbarg* ly or wilhilly, through favour or malice, under-rate or over*

'	’	rate, or omit to charge any perfon or perfons, liable to thepay^

ment of the rates and duties , by this ad granted, or (hall be guilty of any corrupt or illegal practices in the execution of his office, fuch furveyor (hall, for every fuch offence as aforefaid, to forfeit jool. forfeit the fum ot one hundred pounds, and be difmiffed from *c#	his faid employment.

Allowance to XI. And be it further enaCtcd, That every receiver general the feveral of- (hall have an allowance of two pence in the pound, for all mo* fice^levy. nies which (hall be by him paid into the receipt of the exchequer, the that gvery collector (hall have three pence in the pound for what money ne (hall pay to the receiver general, his deputy or deputies; and that for the careful writing and tranferibing the laid afleffments, warrants, eftreats, and duplicates in due time, the clerks of the commiffioners who (hall refpeCtively perform the fame, (hall, by warrant under three or more of the commif* fioners hands, have and receive from the refpeCtive receivers general, their deputy or deputies, three halfpence in the pound of all fuch monies as he (hall have received by virtue of fuch war* rants or certificates, who is hereby appointed and allowed to pay the lame accordingly; provided the faid wairants or eftreats be made out, and the duplicates delivered to the (aid receiver gene* ral, and into the refpeCtiye offices of the King’s remembrancer,, as aforefaid, within the times limited by this aCt, and not other* wife ; and if any perfon or pe/fons (hall refufe to pay the feveral fum and fums appointed by this aCt for fuch perfon to pay, upon demand made by the officer or collector of the place, according to the precept or eftreats to him delivered by the commiffioners appointed by this aCt, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch officer and collector, who are hereby thereunto authorized and required, for non-payment thereof, to diftrain the perfon or perfons fo refufing, by his or their goods or chattels, and the di-ftrefs fo taken to keep by the fpace of four days at the cofts and charges of the owners thereof ; and if the faid owners do not pay the refpeCtive fums of money due by this aCt within the faid four days, then the faid diftrefs to be appraifed by two or more of the inhabitants where the faid diftrefs is taken, and there to be fold by the (aid officer, for payment of the faid money, and the overplus coming by the faid fale (if any be) over and above fee broke open the charges of taking and keeping the faid diftrefs, to be imme* by warrants diately reftored to the owner thereof; and moreover, it (hall and may be lawful to break open (in the day-time) any houfe, upon warrant, under the hands and feals of three or more of faid cotittpiffipners, palling to their afliftance the conftablc,

tythingmap,

The rate to be levied by fUftrefc, &c.

Htmfes may

Digitized by Google

IX

1747*] Anno vicefitno Georgii II. c. 3.

tythingman, or headborough, within the counties, (hires, ftcw-artries, cities, towns, and places where any refufal, negleft, or refiftance (hall be made j which faid officers are hereby required to be aiding and aflifting in the premises, as they will anfwer the contrary at their peril; and if any perfon or perfons appointed to pay any of the duties charged by this aft, (hall refufe or negleft to pay the faid fum or fums fo appointed to be paid, by the fpace of twenty days after demand, as aforefeid, where no fufficient diftrefs can or may be found, whereby the fame may be and for want levied, in every fuch cafe, three or more of the commiflioners of diftrefs, the by this aft appointed, for any fuch city, countv, or place, are J?oJ^ttedT hereby authorized by warrant under their hands and feals, to commit fuch perfon or perfons to the common gaol, there to be kept without bail or mainprize, until payment (hall be made.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Notice to be That the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, coUe^ors^oT (hall, and they are hereby required to give the colleftors of the thc time and faid rates and duties hereby granted, notice at what time or place of ap-times, place or places, the appeals of any perfon or perfons, peak* who (hall think themfelves aggrieved, by being over-rated by the faid afleflors, may be heard and determined; which day or days of appeal, fo to be appointed by the faid commiflioners,

(hall be within thirty days from the refpeftive quarterly days by this aft appointed for payment of the faid rates and duties; and Collectors to every fuch colleftor is hereby alfo required, within ten days after give notice 14 fuch notice from the faid commiflioners, to caufe publick notice the church, to lie given in every pari(h church or chapel of eafe belonging to any fuch pari(h within his diftrift or divilion, immediately after divine fervice, on the Lord’s day (if any fuch divine fervice (hall be performed there within that time) of the time and place fo appointed by the faid commiflioners for hearing and determining appeals, as aforefaid; and (hall alfo caufe the like no- Not-cegt be tices to be fixed in writing upon the door of each of the faid fixed on the refpeftive parifh churches, or chapels of eafe belonging to any doors of fuch pariflies, on the fame day, that all perfons who (hall think churches, themfelves over-rated may know when and where to make their appeal to the faid commiflioners; and the faid commiflioners, or Commifliou-any three or more of them, (hall examine the parties complain- ers to exa-ing, upon his or her oath, concerning the number of windows or minc upon lights in the dwelling-houfe or houfes for which he or they is or are refpeftively charged; and upon due examination or knbw-ledge thereof, (hall abate, defalk, encreafe, or enlarge the faid afllffment; and the fame fo encreafed or enlarged, on non payment thereof, (hall be eftreated bv them into thc exchequer in manner aforefaid; and every perfon fo intending to appeal to the faid commiflioners (hall and is hereby required to give notice Appellant to thereof in writing to one or more of the afleflors of the parifh wherein he is rated, of fuch his intention to appeal, that fuch no 1CC* afleflor or afleflors may then and there attend to juftify the faid frffefiincnt.

XIII.

Digitized by

Google

12	Anno	vicelimo	Georgii II. c. 3.	[1747.

Appeals once XIII. And it is hereby declared, That all appeals once heard, to be heard and determined by the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, or the major part of them then prefent, on the day or days by them appointed for hearing appeals as afore-faid, mall be final, without any further appeal upon any pretence whatfoever.

Noperfons to XIV. And be* it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, be exempted. That no letters patents granted by the King’s majefty, or any of his royal progenitors; or to be granted by his Majesty to any perfon or perfons, cities, boroughs, or towns corporate within this realm, of any manner of liberties, privileges, or exemptions from fubfidies, tolls, taxes, afieffinents, or aids, (hall be con-(trued or taken to exempt any perfon or perfons, city, borough, or town corporate, or any the inhabitants of the fame, from the burden and charge of any fum or fums of money granted by *	this ad, apd all Non-objlantes, in fuch letters patents, made or

to be made in bar of any ad or ads of parliament for the fupply or afliftance of his Majesty, are hereby declared to be void and of none effeft; any fuch letters patents, grants or charters, or any claufc of N$n-obJlante, or other matter or thing therein contained, or any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding. Parents See. XV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, of minors ’ That where any perfon or perfons, chargeable with any rates made liable, or afTeflments by this ad impofed, (hall be under the age of one to.	'	and twenty years, in every fuch cafe the parents, guardians, and

tutors of (uch infants refpedively, upon default of payment by fuch infants, (hall be, and are hereby made liable to, and charged with the payments which fuch infant ought to have made; and if fuch parents, guardians, or tutors (hall negled or refufe to pay as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to proceed again# them, in like manner as agaiqft any other perfon or perfons making default of payment, as herein before is mentioned; and all parents, guardians, and tutors making payment as afore? faid, (hall be allowed all and every the fums paid for fuch in? fants upon his or their accounts.

Collectors on XVI. And be it further enaded and declared. That if any non-payment colledor that (hall, by virtue of this ad, be appointed for the of monies, receipt of any fums of money thereby to be affefled, (hall negled or refufe to pav any fum or fums of money which (hall be by him received as aforefaid, and to pay the fame as in and by this ad is direded, and (hall detain in his or their hands any money received by them, or any of them, and not pay the fame at the commif- fuch time as by this ad is direded, the commiffioners of each fioners to com-county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, city, or town refpedively, or (Cn and*feize any t^rcc or morc °f them, in their refpedive divifions are here? bis eftate. ** by authorised and jmpowered to imprifon the perfon, and feize and fecure the eftate, as well freehold as copyhold, and all other eftate, both real and perfonal of fuch colledor to him belonging, or which (hall defeend or come into the hands or pofleffion of Jiis heirs, executors* or adminiftrators, wherefoever the fame cau be difeovered and found ; *nd the faid commiffioners whp

(h*H

0

Digitized by

1747-1 Anfio Victfimo GtoRon II. c. 3.	13

(hall fo feize and fccurc the eftate of any collector or collectors, CoramifRon-(hall be, and are hereby impowered to appoint a time for a ge- cr?iJ£eap/°irlt neral meeting of the commifliorters for fuch county* (hire, nci^mee^g, ftewartry, riding, city, town or place, and there to caufe pub- &c. lick notice to be given of the place where fuch meeting (hall be appointed, ten days at lead before fuch general meeting; and the commiflioners prefent at fuch general meeting, or the major part of them, in cafe the monies detained by any fuch collector or collectors be not paid or fatisfied as it ought to be, according to the directions of this aft, (hall be, and are hereby impower- and to make cd and required to fell and difpofe of all fuch eftates which (hall of thc be for the caufe aforefaid feized and fecured,or any part of them,cftatc#-to fatisfy and pay into the hands of the receiver general the fum that (hall be fo detained in the band of fuch collector or collectors, their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators refpeCtively.

XVII.	And be it further enaCted, That in all privileged and In privileged other places being extraparochial, and not within the conltable- places die wicks or precinCts of the refpeftive afleflors to be appointed by ^nt virtue of this aCt, the faid commiflioners, or any three or more j^effors,

of them, (hall, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint two fit perfons, living in or near the faid privileged or other places as aforefaid, to be afleflors for the faid places, and to make and return their faid afleflinents, in like manner as by this aft is appointed in any parifh, tything, or place; and alfocolle&or*. to appoint two or more collector or collectors, who are hereby required to colleft and pay the fame, according to the rates appointed by this aft, for collecting and paying all fums of money payable by this aft.

XVIII.	Provided alfo. That no perfon inhabiting in any city. None obliged borough, or town corporate, (hall be compelled to be an afleflor to collect,

or collector of or for any part of the rates and afleffments here- *c-.out °fthe by granted in any place or places out of the limits of the faid Um,t,# city, bfcrough, or town corporate.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, CommifGon-That the commiflioners that (hall be within any county, (hire, Crs toaflefi" ftewartry, city, or place within the refpeftive limits, or thema- commiffion-jor part of them, (hall rate and aflefs every other commiflioner *r8 an<* aff*f-joined with them for or in refpeft of the rates and duties here- fQrt*

by granted, fo as the refidence and ufual dwelling-place of fuch commiflioner fo to be aflefled, be within the divifion of fuch commiflioners by whom he is aflefled; and the commiflioners within their divifion (hall alfo aflefs every afleflor, for all and Angular the premifles for which by this aft he ought to be rated and aflefled; and as well all fums aflefled upon eveiy the faid commiflioners and afleflors, as afleflinents made and let by the afleflors aforefaid, (hall be levied and gathered as the fame (hould and ought to have been, if fuch perfons had not been named commiflioners.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That no (lay No ftay of of profecution, upon any command, warrant, motion, or order profecution. or direftion by Non vult ulterius proftquit (hall be had, made, admitted.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Commiffion* ersto fine per* ions refilling to do their duty.

Commiflion-ers to call for the receivers general accounts }

and in cafe of failure to levy.

Commiflion-ers concerned to have no voice in con-troverfies, &c.

Complaints to be determined by the commiflion-crs.

Collectors to

five in a fche-ule of ar-rears, 8cc.

to be returned into the exchequer, See,

Anno vicefimo Georgii IL c. 3.	[1747.

mitted, received, or allowed by any court whatfoever, in any fuit or proceeding, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, or otherwife, for the recovery of all or any the pains, penalties, or forfeitures upon any perfon or perfdns by this aCt inflicted, or therein mentioned, for or in order to the conviction or difability of any perfon offending againft this aCt.

XXL And be it further enaCted, That if any affeflor, collector, or other perfon appointed by the faid commiffioners, (hall wilfully negleCt or refufe to perform his duty in the due and fpeedy execution of this aCt, the faid refpeCtive commiffioners, or any three or more of them, may and (hall, by virtue of this aCt, impofe on fuch perfon or perform fo refuting or neglecting their duties, any fine not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds, nor lefs than five pounds for any one offence; the fame to be levied and certified as aforefaid, and given in charge to the refpeCtive receivers general amongft the rates aforefaid; and the (aid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, may and (hall, from time to time call for, and require an account from the refpeCtive receivers genera', of all the monies received by them of the faid collectors, and of the payment thereof into his Majesty’s exchequer, according to the directions of this aCt 5 and in cafe of a failure in the premiffes, the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby required to caufe the fame to be forthwith levied and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this aCt; and in cafe of any controverfy arifing between the faid commiffioners concerning the faid rates or af-feffments, the commiffioners that (hall be concerned therein (hall have no voice, but (hall withdraw during the debate of fuch edntroverfy until it be determined by the reft of the commiffioners; and all queftions and differences that lhall arife, touching any of the faid rates and duties, (hall be heard and finally determined by three or more of the commiffioners, upon complaint thereof to them made by any perfon or perfons thereby grieved, without further trouble or fuit in law; and the faid receiver general, his deputy or deputies, (hall give acquittances gratis to the faid collectors, for all monies by them received in purfuance of this aCt; which acquittances (hall be a full dif-charge of the faid collectors refpeCtively; and the faid collectors (hall make and deliver to the faid receivers general, their deputy or deputies, a perfect fchedule fairly written in parchment, under their hands and feals, figned and allowed by any three or more of the faid refpeCtive commiffioners, containing the names, firnames, and places of abode of every perfon within their refpeCtive collections, that (hall make default of payment of any of the fums that (hall be rated or afleffed on fuch perfon, for fuch rate or duty by virtue of this aCt, and the fum and Jums charged on every fuch perfon ; the fame to be by him returned into his Majesty’s faid courts of exchequer in England, and Scotland refpeCtively, whereupon every perfon fo making default of payment, may be charged by procefs of court, according to the courfe thereof in that behalf; and all and every the proper officers

refpeCtively

Digitized by Google

1747*] Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 3.	15

refpedtively herein concerned, (hall, and they are hereby required to take care, from time to time, that fuch procefs be duly iffued and made effedtual, fo that all fuch Turns as (hall be in arrear and unpaid as aforefaid, may be fpeedily recovered and paid into his Majesty’s exchequer.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enaded. That all con- Conftables, (tables and headboroughs, tythingmen and other his Majesty’s kc. to aifiSu officers, lhall, and are hereby required and enjoined to be refpedtively aiding and affifting in the execution of this adt, and to obey and execute fuch precepts or warrants as (hall be to them directed in that behalf, by the refpedtive commiffioners hereby appointed, or any three or more of them.

XaIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, CoHedtor to That all monies due and payable by this adt, (hall be paid by Pa7 t0 thc the particular colledtors of the refpedtive counties, (hires, ftew-artries, cities, boroughs, towns, pariffies, and places who *

(hall colledt the fame, unto fuch receiver genera], to be appointed as aforefaid to receive the fame, or the deputy or deputies of fuch receiver general, to be appointed under his hand and Teal, whereof notice (hall be given by the receiver general unto the commiffioners, or any three or more of them, within their re-fpedtivt divifions, within twenty days after their firft general meeting, and fo, from time to time, within twenty days after every death or removal of any deputy, if any fuch (hall happen; and the receipt of fuch receiver general, his deputy or deputies, or any of them, (hall be a fufficient difcharge unto every fuch colledtor.	*

XXIV.	And be it further enadted. That the particular col- Colle&on not

ledtors, for payment of any fums by them received, unto fuch togo above 10 receiver general, or his deputy, (hall not be obliged to travel ™C8 above ten miles from the place of their habitations.	paym

XXV.	And for the better preventing fuch unjuft vexations, as might be occafioned by fuch perfons as (hall be appointed receivers general of any of the fums of money granted by this adt, and to the intent the receivers general may return a true account into his Majesty’s (aid courts of exchequer in England and Scotland refpedtively, of fuch fums of money as (hall be received by them and every of them, their and every of their deputy and deputies; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any fuch receiver general (hall return or certify unto the Receivers ge-faid courts, any fum or fums of money to be in arrear or unpaid, neral fetting after the fame have been received either by fuch receiver general, Pcrt^s **J*~ or his deputy or deputies, or any of them, or (hall caufe any^r> c* perfon or perfons to be fet infuptr in the faid courts, for any fum or fums of money that hath been fo received, that then every fuch receiver general (hall forfeit to every perfon and perfons that (hall be molefted, vexed, or damaged, by reafon of fuch unjuft certificate, return, or fetting infuper^ double the damages to forfeit that (hall be thereby occafioned \ the faid damages to be recover-ed by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information ; in which no SCS| cflbin, protedlion, or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor any

more

Digitized by Google

and to the King double the turn.

Receivers chargeable with the arrears of their accounts, &c.

CommWfion-ers exempted from the penalties of 25 Car. 2. c. 2.

Penalties how to be levied.

Houfes exempted.

Surveyors and infpettors to be appointed.

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. C.$.	[1747.

more than one imparlance; and (hall alfo forfeit to his Majeffy, his heirs and fucceffors, double the fum that (hall be fo unjoft-ly certified or returned, or caufed to be fet infuper.

XXVI.	And it is hereby provided, declared, and enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no receiver of any the rates and duties granted by this ad, or any heirs, executors, or admini-ftrators of fuch receiver, (hall, in any accounts of the monies wherewith fuch receiver (hall be chargeable (unlefs fuch account be declared and palled in the exchequer, within two years at the fartheft after the end of the year for which fuch rates and duties (hall be payable) be allowed or admitted to fet infuper, dr charge any county, divilion, or place, for any monies granted by this ad, which (hall be in arrear and unpaid, but that the fame (hall remain a debt upon every fuch receiver, to be ali-fwered by him and his fecurities, his and their heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, lands, tenements, goods, and chattels re-» fpedively; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no commiflioner Or commimoners, who (hall be employed in the execution of this ad, (hall be liable for or by reafon of fuch execution, to any of the penalties mentioned in an ad made the five and twentieth year of King Charles the Second, for preventing of dangers which may happen from popifti rccufants.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That all penalties and forfeitures, to be incurred for any offences againft this ad, for which there is no particular way of levying herein before preferibed or appointed, (hall be levied by warrant under the hands and feals of three or more of the refpedive commif-fioners of the divilion or place where any fuch offence was or (hall be committed, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, rendering the overplus to the owner thereof after a d£-dudion of reafonable charges for diftraining the fame.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared, That fuch dwelling-houfes only where the occupier or occupiers thereof, by reafon of his, her, or their poverty only is or are exempted from the ufual taxes, payments, and contributions towards the church and poor, (hall be conftrued or un-derftood to be ekeepted out of this ad, or difeharged of the rates and duties hereby granted, and that only in fuch cafes where the dwelling-houfes fo Occupied are cottages, not containing above nine windows or lights in the whole \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX.	And for the better afeertaining and colleding the faid feveral rates and duties upon houfes, be it enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, or the faid commilfioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three 6r more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, from time to time, to conftitutc and appoint fuch perfon or per-

Digitized by v^ooQle

'»747-1 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c.3.	17

Ions as his Maiefty, his heirs and fucceflfors, oi* the faid com-miffioners of the treafury, or high treafurer for the time being, fhall think meet, to be the officer or officers for the furvey and infpection of the rates and duties by this adt granted, within the faid kingdom of Great Britain, and for viewing and numbering the feveral windows or lights in each houfe, and for the infpec-ting and examining the afleffments or certificates thereof, made and to be made from time to time in purfuance of this acft, and doing all.things belonging to the fame; which officers, or any of them, (hall have full power to examine and fupervife the a(-ftflhrients of the houfes, windows, or lights rated in every parilh and place, as aforefaid; and at feafonable times, with a conftatye, headborough; tythingman, or other officer of the re-fpedtive parirties or places within Great Britain, who are hereby required to affift fueh officers accordingly, to view and examine whether there be any more windows than are certified and rated in fuch aflfeffinent, and fhall have liberty to pafs through any houfe or houfes, in order to go into any court, yard, or backfide thereunto belonging, and externally to view and infpedt the windows or lights in any fuch houfe or houfes, that cannot be conveniently feen or numbered, without palling through fuch houfe or houfes; and fhall alfo have liberty to make like view, examination, and infpedtion twice in the year during the continuance of this adt; and if upon or after fuch view or examination and infpedtion of the afleffinents, as aforefaid, fuch officer or officers fhall find that any perfon or premifles are under-rated, or not rated and chargea, as by this adt is directed and appointed, fuch officer or officers (hall certify the fame to the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, within the divifion, hundred, parilh, or place wherein fuch negledt or failure (hall happen to be, which faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, fhall and are hereby required to caufe fuch rate or rates to be fet upon every fuch perfon and premifles as fhall bt according to the true intent and meaning of this prefent adt

XXXI.	And be it alfo enadted and declared, That where a houfe inha-any houfe (hall be inhabited by two or more perfon or perfons, bited by % fa-or family or families, fuch houfe (hall neverthelefs be fubjedlto, milies how and (hall in like manner pay the rates and duties charged 0ntaxab c* • houfes, windows, or lights, by this adt, as if fuch houfe was inhabited by one perfon or family only.

XXXII.	Provided always, That each diftindt chamber or Appartments apartment, in any college or hall in any of the univerfities ofm colleges. Great Britain, fhall be fubjedt to the fame rates or duties as if

it were an entire houfe paying to church and poor.

XXXIII.	And be it enadted and declared by the authority ^ns °fc°^rt# aforefaid, That every edifice in any of the inns of court or c#

Chancery, being feverally in the tenure or occupation of any perfon or perfons, (hall be fubjedt to the fame rates and duties for

the number of windows therein, as if it were an intire houfe 5 and every houfe, whereof the keeping only is committed or left and houfes left to the care or charge of any perfon or fervant, who doth not fervantt1^* Vol. XIX*	C	pay

Digitized by v^ooQle

I

iQ	Anno	vicelimo	Georgii	IL	c.	3.	[1747;

pay to the church and poor, (hall be fubjed to the like rates and duties, for the windows or lights therein, as if it were inhabited by the occupier, or by a t$pant, and to be paid by the refpec-tive occupiers or tenants of the fame.

Arrearsbfcol-	XXXIV. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore-

ledtors to be faid, That in cafe there (hall be any arrear of thfe faid rates or re.aiicifed. duties on houfes, windows, or lights, by reafon of the failure of any fuch collector or collectors, as atorelaid, for which any parilh or place (hall be anfwerable, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the commiflioners for the (aid rates and duties, to caufe fuch arrear to be re-aflefled within the faid parilh or place refpeCtively, on all fuch houfes, windows, or lights, as are liable to the payment of the faid rates and duties, and to caufe the fame to be raifed, and (for default of payment) to be levied by fuch ways and means, as the rates and duties on houfes, windows, or lights, are by this aCt directed to be raifed and levied in fuch parilhes or places refpeCtively, and to caufe the money fo raifed or levied to be paid to the receiver genera] of the faid rates and duties, or into the exchequer, for the refpeCtive ufes and purpofes whereunto fuch arrears (if they had been duly paid by the faid collectors) are hereby appropriated.

In what cafes XXXV. And be it enaCted and declared by the authority landlords are aforefaid. That where any dwelling-houfe is or (hall be Jett in different apartments, to feveral perfons, and the landlord of fuch houfe pays other taxes and parifh rates for the fame, fuch landlord (hall be deemed and taken to be the occupier of fuch dwelling-houfe, and be charged with, and liable to pay the (aid rates ?md duties for the fame, as one entire houfe.

Collectors ea- XXXVI. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That thering by a ~ 0° collector or collectors of the (aid rates and duties by this aCt falfc book, &c. granted, (hall colleCt or gather the fame by any rate or book, other than fuch rate and book as (hall be figned and allowed by the faid commiflioners as aforefaid ; and that in cafe any fuen collector or collectors (hall colleCt the fame bv any other rate or book, or ihall receive fuch rates and duties from any perfon or perfons not charged therewith, or (hall colleCt from any perfon or perfons more money than is actually charged in fuch rate or book, and not pay the whole money by him collected, or fraudulently alter any fuch rate or book, after the fame hath been figned and allowed by the faid commiflioners as aforefaid ; every fuch collector or collectors (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit forfeit sol. the fum of twenty pounds, to be levied as by this aCt is directed. Surveyors to XXXVII. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore-examine, See. (aid, That the furveyors appointed or to be appointed as afore-the rates'be- faid, for the faid rates and duties, (hall be, and they are hereby fore figned by impowered to infpeCt and examine the rates and aueflments for commiflion. any parjfh or placC5 before the commiflioners (hall have figned and allowed the fame, and to alter, and amend fuch rates and afleflinents, if he or they (hall fee juft caufe for fo doing; and if any fuch furveyor or furveyor* (hall, after the faid rates or af-2	'	fefiments

Digitized by v^ooQle

1747-] Anno vicefimo Gjeo&gii II. c. 3.	19

fefTmcnts are figne*l $nd allowed as aforefaid, find, or difcoveir Omifllons upon his or their furvey, that any dweliing-houfe6, windows, or lights, which fhould and ought to be charged with the laid wayCof(ur« * rates and duties, have been omitted to be charged therewith, or charge, arc underrated, fuch fgrveyor or furveyors fhall certify the fame in writing under his hand, by way of lurcharge, to any three or more of the (aid commiffioners, in order to have fuch omifficm or under-rate certified in the faid affeflhaent; and fuch commiffioners are thereupon to caufe the fame to be rectified, and the faid rates and duties levied accordingly.

XXX VIII. And to obviate any doubts which may arife about the charging of windows or lights within the meaning of this when two or more windows or lights are fixed in one frame 5 it is further enabled, That when a partition or divifion between windows in fucb windows or lights is or (hail be of the breadth or fpace of frames how to twelve inches, the window or light on each fide of fuch parti- ** charged, tion oi* divifion, fhall be deemed as a drftinft window or light, and be rated accordingly5 and that all windows in frames which are or fhall be extended fo far as to give light into more rooms than one, fuch windows (hall be reckoned and charged as fo many feparate windows, as there are rooms enlightened thereby.

XXXIX. And whereas it hath been found by experience, that the duties upon houfes granted by former afts of parliament, have been greatly leffened by means of perfons frequently flopping up windows or lights in their dwelling-houfes, in order to evade the payment of the faid duties, and opening the fame again 5 it is hereby further enacted, That if any occupier of any dwelling-houfe fhall open Windows any windows or lights which have been flopped up as aforefaid, °Pcnc<1 with* after the affeffments are fettled, and the warrants for collecting the faid rates and duties are figned by the faid commiffioners, * without firft giving, or caufing to be given notice thereof in Writing to the furveyor of the laid rates and duties, every fuch occupier or occupiers of fuch dwelling-houfe or houfes, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty shillings for each re^ccftive window Penalty, or light opened as aforefaid; to be levied as by this a<5t is directed.

XL. And whereas it hath often happened, that ftveral affeffments, and duplicates of the duties on houfes, granted by the faid before recited afts of parliament, have not been made out in due time, to the prejudice of the faid revenue, for want of a fufficient number of aft-, ing commiffioners in the parifhes or places where fuch affeffments or duplicates ought to have been made; it is hereby further enacted, Commdfion* That in all fuch cafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the crf.*?/Je faid commiffioners, appointed for putting this adt in execution, h^ito fiea living in any neighbouring parilh or place within the feme coun- afleffments ty, and they are hereby impowered, to make out and fign fuch &c. afleflments or duplicates, which are or (hall be wanting for any fuch parifhes or places as aforefaid.

XLI. And whereas it may frequently happen, that perfons quitting their dwelUng-houfes, may remove to other parifhes or places without firfl difeharging or joying the rates and duties charged upon

C 2	him.

Digitized by

no	Anno	vicefimo	GeoRGII	II. C.3.	[1747.

hirriy bery or thorn for the houfe or houfes they fo quitted, whereby the Jaid rates and duties by this aft granted will be lofty unlefs fuch perfon or perfons fo removing can after fuch removal be compelled to Tax how re- pay the fame; it is hereby enadted and declared. That the com* coverable miflioners adting by virtue of this adt, within fuch parifh or cu ^er re* °C" P^ace where fuch rates and duties are charged upon, and unpaid moves/ * W the perfon or perfons removing as aforefaid, (hall (ign and caufe to be trahfmitted a certificate thereof to the commiffioners adting within the parifh or place where the perfon or perfons making fuch default of payment (hall happen tcJ refide j which commiffioners, or any three or more of them, (hall and are hereby impowered to raife and levy the faid rates and duties charged upon the party or parties removed as aforefaid, and caufe the monies fo raifed and levied, to be paid to the collectors of the parifh or place from whence the faid perfon or per-fons did or (hall remove, fo as the fame may be paid and applied according to the true intent and meaning of this adt.

Officers to XLII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, take inftruc- That the faid furveyors, and all other officers and perfons who tions from the (hall be employed in the execution of this adt, (hall obferve treafury. and follow fuch orders, inftrudtions, and diredtions, as they (hall, from time to time, receive from the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them novfr being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the trdafury for the time being, for the better execution of the powers and authorities by this adt granted.

Treafliry to	XLIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enadted by the autho-

appoint fala- rity aforefaid. That out of the monies, from time to time, arifen nes.	or to arife, of or for the faid rates and duties on houfes, win-

dows, or lights, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, to fettle and appoint fuch falaries and allowances for the fervice, pains, and labour of the furveyors and other officers to be employed in the • execution of this adt, and otherwife in relation thereto ; and alfo to difeharge fuch incident charges and expences as (hall ne-ceffarily attend the execution of this adt, as the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more them, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall think fit and reafonable in that behalf.

Book of entry XLIV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, to be kept. That there (hall be provided and kept in the office of tbe auditor of the receipt of exchequer at lVeJlminJier% a book or books, in which all the monies, hereby appointed to be paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid monies, fo appointed to be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer's a-fotefaid, (hall be the yearly fund for the fevcral purpofes herein after mentioned.

XLV. And

Digitized by LjOOQle

1747*]	Anno	vicefimo	Georgii	II. c. 3.	21

XLV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Appropria-That all and every the annuities, which by this ad (hall	^

granted and made payable, in refped of the principal fum of four millions, to be raifed in fuch manner and form as is herein after dire&ed, as alfo of the additional capital of fen pounds, herein after direded to be added to every one hundied pounds, advanced towards railing the faid fum of fourmillions, until redemption thereof by parliament, (hall be charged, and chargeable upon, and payable out of the feveral rates and duties by this ad granted to his Majesty; and the faid feveral rates and duties (hall be and are hereby appropriated for that purpofe accordingly.

XL VI. And whereas feveral perfons$ natives or foreigners, bo- Subfcribers dies politick or corporate, have fubferibed and agreed to advance the allowed 41. faid fum of four millions for the publick fervice> for the purchafe of?fT Scnt' in~ annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum \ andtcre * the faid Jubfcribers or contributors have, in purfuance of a refolution of the commons of Great Britain in parliament ojfembled, depofited with the firji or chief cajbier or cajhiers of the governor and company of toe bank of England for the time beings the fum of ten pounds per centum in tart of the principal fums by them rejpeflively fub~

Jcribed as aforefaid, and are defirous to pay the remaining principal fums by them fubferibed, towards raiftng the faid futn of four millions, at fuch times, and in fuch manner as Jball be appointed in that behalf \ be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (Hall and may be lawful to and for all and every fuch contributor or contributors, who have already depolitea with the faid cafhier or caftliers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England% the faid fum of ten pounds per centum as afore-(aid, to advance and pay unto the faid ca(hier or calhiers, at or before the refpedive days or times, and in the proportions herein after by this ad limited in that behalf, the remaining principal fums by them fubferibed towards the faid fum of four millions, for the purchafe of any certain annuity or annuities. Annuities to commence from the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, which	con>T

(hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and to be paid and payable to fuch contributor or contributors, or fuch as he, (he, or they (hall nominate his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns re-fpedively, in manner herein after mentioned ; which annuities before mentioned (hall be computed at the rate of four pounds per annum for every one hundred pounds, and proportionably for any greater or lefs fumfo to be advanced and paid; and the remaining purchafe money for every fuch annuity, at the rate aforefaid.

Is hereby appointed to be paid unto the laid ca(hier or cafhiers aforefaid, at or before the refpedive days or times herein after limited; that is to fay, one tenth part thereof on or before the Times, &c. feventeenth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and for paying the forty fix ; one fifth part thereof on or before the feventeenth day Purchafc-of March then next enfuing; one other fifth part thereof on or money’ before the nineteenth day of May then next enfuing; one other

C 3	fifth	*

Annuities redeemable.

22	Annd	viccfimo	GeorgiI	II.	c.3.	t1747-

fifth part thereof on or before the fourteenth day df July then nfext enfuing; and the remaining fifth part thereof on 6r before the twehty fecond day of September then next fallowing: ail which annuities, fo to be purchafed, (hall be paid and payable *	at two of the mqft ufual feafts or days of payment in the year;

that is to fay, the feafts of the annunciation cif the blefied Virgin Mary, and of Saint Michael the Archangel, by even and equal portions, or within fix days after every of the ,faid feaft days; the firft payment thereof to be due and payable at the feaft day of the annunciation of the bleffed Virgin Mary, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, or within fix dap after the faid feaft day : nevertbdefs, the feid annuities (hall be redeemable according to the purport and true meaning of a provifo or condition hereinafter mention* ed in that behalf, and not otherwife; and the faid cathief or calhiers of the feid governor and company of the bank of Eng-Caftrier of the	^or t'me *s an(J are hereby authorized and se*

bank to give tyuired forthwith to give receipts in writing, figned by himfelf receipts. or themfelvcs, to fuch contributor or contributors, for all (urns of money by them depofited with, or paid unto fuch cafhier or caftuers before the pafting bf this ad; as alfo for fuch other Turn or fums of money as (hall hereafter be advanced and paid to hitn or them by any (uch contributors or payers thereof as Receipts to be aforefeid (which receipts (hall be affignable by endorfcmeiU there-^flignable. upon made at any time before the twenty (econd day of September^ one thoufend feven hundred and forty feven, and no longer;) Oilier to give provided the faid cafhier or cathiers do firft give fecurity to tht fccurity. good liking of any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury now being, or of the high treafurer, or commiffioncrt of the treafury for the time being, for duly anfwering and pay* ing into the receipt of his Majeft/s exchequer, all the monict which he or they have already received, or (hall hereafter recei ve* from time to time, of or for the feid fum, not exceeding four millions, as faft as he or they (hall receive the fame, or any part thereof, and to account for all the monies fo to be advanced and paid to him or them, in his Majesty’s court of exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof.

Book to be XLvII. And it is hereby enafted, That in the office of the kept tor en- accomptant general of the governor and company of the bank of tering contri- England for the time being, there (hall be provided and kept a butors name?, Qr	in which there (hall be fairly entered the names

of all who (hall be contributors for fuch annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum as aforefeid, and of all persons by whofe hands the feid contributors (hall pay in any of the faid fums upon this aft, and alfo the fums fo paid; and the faid accomptant general is hereby alfo authorized and required, upon the full payment of the fum of four millions to the feid Contributors cafhier or cafhiers by fuch contributors as aforefaid, forthwith

wit^anaddi^ t0 p,ace t0 thc crw"t of CVCI7 fuch contributor, in the fame tiona' capital hook	as	are	herein	before direfted to be provided by

pf 101, for the feid accomptant general, for entering the names of all facet every 100 I.	coq*

Digitized by

Google

23

1747.]	Anno	viccfimo	Georoii II. c. 3.

contributors, and the Turns by them paid for the purchafe of the faid annuities, an additional capital of ten pounds, to be added to every fum of one hundred pounds, by them refpedively advanced for the purpofes aforefaid, and fo in proportion fora greater or lefler fum; which faid additional capital (hall be attended with annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and to carry 4I. (hall be charged upon, and paid out of the faid rates, and duties cent, in-by this a d granted, at the fame feaft days, and in the fame man-tereft# ner, as the annuities herein before made payable, in refped of the faid principal fum of four millions, are to be paid and payable, and fiibjed alfo to the lame provifo of redemption by parliament herein after contained in that behalf; and it (hail and Contributors may be lawful for the faid refpedive contributors, their execu- to infpeft the tors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and afltgns, from time to time, 1oolc# 8ratlg* and. at all feafonable times, to have refort to, and infped the (aid book or books without any fee or charge; and the faid ac-comptant general for the time being (hall, on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one tbcufand (even hundred and Duplicate of forty nine, tranunit an attefted duplicate, fairly written on fbe book to be paper, of the faid book or books, into the office of the auditor inj£e cxch*" of the receipt of his Majcfty’s exchequer, there to remain for *****

ever.

XLVHI. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid, Annuities eit-That all and every contributor and contributors upon this ad, Aired to the duly paying the whole confideratioti or purchafe-money, at the contributors, rate aforefaid, at or before the refpedive days and times in thist ad limited in that behalf, for fuch annuity or annuities as afore-faid, or fuch as he, (he, or they (hall appoint, his, her, or their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and af-(sens, (hall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue -of this ad, to have, receive, and enjoy, the refpedive annuity and annuities fo to be punchafed, together with the annuity of annuities made payable by this ad, in refped of the faid additional capital as aforefaid, out of the monies by this ad appro-

Eriated or appointed for payment thereof as aforefaid, and (hall ave good and fure eftates and interefts therein for ever, fubjed only to the provifo or condition of redemption in this ad afterwards contained concerning the fame; and that all the feveral and refpedive annuities, payable in purfuance of this ad, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, on all and every the principal fums for which the fame are payable, (hall free from be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever. taxC8*

XLIX. And it is hereby provided and enaded jpy the autho- Monies paid rity aforefaid. That all and every perfon or perfons who (hall before the become interefted in, or intitled to any annuity or annuities, times limited, part of the faid fum of four millions fubferibed for in purfuance of this ad, who (hall, before the paffing of this ad, have advanced or paid, or (hall hereafter advance and pay to the * faid cafhier or cafhiers, the whole or any part of the remaining purchafe-money, payable in refped thereof, before any of the jftijpedave days or times herein limited or appointed for payment

C \	thereof,

Digitized by v^.ooQle

u

to carry 5I. per cent, in-tereft,

On payment of the whole purchafe money,

the annuities to be tranf-ferrable. Contributors not paying within the tidies limited,

to forfeit the fum advanced.

Chief caftiier and accomp-tant general to be appointed*

Anno vicefimo Georoii II. c. 3.	[1747.

thereof, fuch perfon or perfons (hall be allowed intereft after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for all and every fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be fo advanced and paid to fgch caftiier or caftiiers, by any fuch contributors as aforefaid, from the refpeftive time or times of their aftual payment thereof, to Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven; and the commiftioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiftioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and required to caufe the faid intereft to be paid upon fuch refpeftive fums as (hall be fo advanced ac-accordingly, out of the monies to be contributed in purfuance of this aft; and in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons (hall com-* pleat the payment of the whole purchafe-moncy, payable for any fuch annuities, he, (he, or they (hall have fuch refpeftive fums as they (hall become interefted in, or intitled unto, forthwith placed to the credit of the faid contributors, and made transferrable in the books of the bank of England, by this aft appointed to be kept for that purpofe.

L. Provided, That in cale any fuch contributors zi afore* (aid, who have already depofited with the faid caftiieror caftiiers, one tenth part of his, her, or their purchafe-money, or hisf her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, ‘or affigns, do not advance and pay to the faid caftiier or calhiers, one other tenth part of his, her, or their confideration-money, fo to be paid for fuch refpeftive annuity or annuities as aforefaid, on or before the feventeenth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and one fifth part thereof, on or before the feventeenth day of March, then next enfuing; and one other fifth part thereof on or before the nineteenth day of May, then next enfuing; and one other fifth part thereof,* on or before the fourteenth day of July, then next enfuing; and the remaining fifth part thereof on or before the twenty fecond day of September, then next following 5 then and in every fuch cafe refpeftively, fo much of the confideration-money as (hall have been aftually paid in part thereof only to the faid caftiier or caftiiers for fuch refpeftive annuity, (hall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick 5 .any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. And for the more eafy and fure payment of the feveral annuities by this aft authorized to be purchafed as aforefaid, amounting in the whole to the fum of four millions, as alfo of the feveral annuities payable in refpeft of the faid additional capital, it is^iereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, (hall from time to time, until the faid feveral and refpeftive annuities, after the rate of four pounds per eentumper annum, (hall be redeemed according to this aft, appoint and employ one or more fufficient perfon or perfons, within their %office in the city of London, to be their chief caftiier or caftiiers, and one other fufficient perfon, within the fame office, to be their accomptant general \ and that lb'much of the mpflies, from tijn®

to

Digitized by

*747‘1 Anno vicefimo Georgii II; c. 3,	2g

to time arifing into the faid receipt of the exchequer, for the faid

rates and duties by this aft appropriated for this purpofe as (hall

be fufficient, from time to time, to anfwer the faid feveral and

refpeftive annuities, and other payments direfted to be paid or

difeharged out of the fame, (ball, by order of the commiflioners

of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the

high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury of his Majesty,

his heirs, or fucceffors for the time being, without any further

or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf,

from time to time, at the refpeftive half-yearly jfeaft days of

payment, in this aft before appointed for payment thereof, be

ifliied and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer, to the faid firft Monies for the

or chief calhier or calhiers of the faid governor and company of

the bank of England, and their fucceffors for the time being, the exche-™*11

by . way of impreft, and upon account, for the payment of thequer, &c..

faid feveral and refpeftive annuities to be purchafed upon this

aft, as of the annuities payable in refpeft or the faid additional

capital as aforefaid, at fuch time, and in fuch manner and form,

as are by this aft preferibed in that behalf; and that all and every Cafliiers to

fuch calhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid monies (hall from make pay- #

time totimebeiffued, (hall, from time to time, without delay, ap- naents.

ply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his account thereof

according to the due courfe of the exchequer; any thing herein

contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LII. And it is hereby alfo enafted. That the faid accomp- Accomptant-tant general for the time being, (hall from time to time infpeft general to in-and examine all receipts and payments of the faid calhier or ipeft the ca-eaihiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to pre- Aiiers receipts* vent any fraud, negligence, or delay; and that all and every, perfon and perfons whatfoever, who (hall be intitled to any of Annuities to the faid feveral and refpeftive annuities, after the rate of four be a perfonal pounds per centum per annum, and all perfons lawfully claiming eftate, &c. under them, (hall be poffeffed thereof as of a perfonal eftate, and the fame (hall not be defcendable to the heir, and (hall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife; any law, ftatute, or cuftom to the contrary notwith-' (landing.

LIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, xhe monies That all the monies to be advanced or contributed, or to which contributed tb any perfon or perfons (hall become intitled to upon this aft, for be * ioint or towards the faid fum, not exceeding four millions, together &c* with the additional capital of ten pounds, herein before direfted to be added to every one hundred pounds advanced by fuch contributors, (hall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one capital or joint-ftoefe, on which the faid feveral and refpeftive annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, (hall be attending ; and that all and every perfon and perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money by him, her, or them advanced, or to which they (hall become intitled, as aforefaid, upon this aft, (hall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interpft and (hare in the faid ftpek, and in the annuity

attending

Digitized by Google

26	Anno	vicefimo	Georgii	II.	c.	3.	[ *747*

attending the fame, at the rate aforefeid ; and that the faid whole capital or joint ftock, or any (hare or intereft therein, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, lhali be affignable and transferable. transferrable as this ad diredts, and not otherwife'* and that there (hall conftantly be kept, at all feafonable times, in the of* fice of the faid accomptant general for the time being, within Book to be t^c ^ty of London^ a book or books, wherein all alignments or kept for	transfers of the faid whole capital or joint ftock, or any part

transfers.	thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, at the

rate aforefeid, (hall be entered ana regiftered 5 which entries (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and (hall be j^^dV°tbe ®6ncc* Parhcs naaking fuch alignments or transfers, or if parties tranf-	(hchr parties be a blent, by his, her,'or their attorney or attar-

faring and	nies thereunto lawfully authorized, in writing under his, her,

accepting.	or their hands and (cals, to be attefted by two or more credible

witneffes; and that the perfon or perfons to whom fuch transfer (hall be made do under-write his, her, or their acceptance thereof ; and that no other method of aligning or transferring the (aid ftock, and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good or available m law.

Annuities de- LIV. Provided always. That any perfon or perfons poflcflbd vifcable, &c. ^	with	the	annuity or annuities attending the fame#

or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by wiH ia writing, attefted by two or more credible vtitnefles; but that 4 fuch devifee (hall receive no payment thereupon, till fo much of In default ot the faid wiU, as relates to the faid ftock or annuity, be entered devife, fee. in the faid office ; and in default of fuch transfer or devife, the to executors, £id and annuities attending the feme, (hall go to the executors or adminiftrators ; and that no (lamp duties whatsoever (hall be charged on the faid transfers or any of them} any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

The bank to LV. Provided always, and it is hereby enadted by die au-continue a thority aforefeid, That the feid governor and company of the company till	Gf	England,	and	their	fucceffors	(notwithftanding	the re-

^emnuhies! d^P**0*1 °f or mY &*** own funds, in purfuanceof the a&s for eftablilhing the fame, or any of them) (hall continue a corporation, with all the powers, privileges, a Ad advantages thereunto belonging, for the purpofes in thi9 adt ex prefled, till all the annuities to be purchafed on this a& (hall be redeemed hy parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained ia that behalf; and the faid governor and company, or any members thereof, (hall not incur any difebility, for or by rea(bn of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this adt.

No fee for LVI. And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefeid, payment of That no fee or gratuity whatfoever (hall be demanded or taken contribution- of any of ^is M^jefty’s fubjedts for receiving or paying the faid moncy- contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or other receipts concerning the feme, or for ifluing the monies for pav-Tnnsfereto ing the faid feversl annuities, or any of them; and that no fee be gratis. qt gratuity (hall he 4cnian4ed or taken for any transfer of any

fiuB

Digitized by v^rOOQle

1747*]	Anno vicefimo Georg n II. c. 3.

*7

fum great or final], to be made in purfuance of this adt; upon pain that any officer or perfon offending, by taking or demand* ing any fee or gratuity contrary to this ad, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to tne party grieved; to be recovered with full Penalty* cods of foir, in* any of his Majesty’s courts of record at hVejl-

L Provided always, and be it enaded by the aufoo- Salaries for rity aforefaid. That the commiflioners of the treafury, or any cafhiers, &c. three or more of them now being, or the high treafiarer, or any three or more of the cotirnitffioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall have power, and they are hereby authorized to fettle and appoint fuch allowances (out of the contributions to the an* nuities granted by this ad) as they (hall think juft and reaibn*< able, for the fervice, pains, and labour of the caftiier or caftucr* of the governor and company of the bank of England, for re* eeiving and accounting for the faid contributions; and alio fuch further allowances (out of the faid feveral rates and duties by this ad appropriated) as they (hall think juft and reafonable, for receiving, paying, and accounting for foe feveral and refpedive annuities payable m refped thereof; and abb for the forvice, pains, and trouble of the accomptant general of the faid governor and company for performing the duty and truft incumbent on him by this ad: all which allowances hereby impowered to be made as aforeiaid, in refped of the fervice, pains, and labour t>f any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company,	£

and at their difpofal only; any thing herein contained to the con* tray notwithftandtng.

LVIII. And whereas the find duties upon houfes granted by the firft herein recited oft of the feventh and eighth years of the reign of bts late majejly King William the Third, are (together with Jundry other duties and revenues, commonly called The general or aggregate fond) charged with, and liable to pay feveral annuities and other payments, to feveral corporations and other perfons intitled thereunto; and it mayfo happen, that by repealing the faid rates and duties upon houfes, the funds charged with the payments aforefaid may prove deficient : and whereas by a medium of five years, computed from the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one, the fum of ninety one thoufand four hundred eighty five pounds, and fir pence three farthings, is taken to have been the annual produce of the find rates and duties upon houfes to the faid fund, towards abfwering the feveral payments aforefaid: to the end there* fore that no perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate what* foever, who are intitled to any part, (hare, or intereft in the monies arifing by the faid rates and duties upon houfes, may be fofers, or receive any prejudice by the repealing thereof as afore-/aid; be it enadedl>y the authority aforefaid. That from and 91,4*51. 6 d. after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thouiand feven thfec ftr-hundred and forty feven, there (hall be reftrved and fet apart at ^ fa the exchequer, and applied to the faid General or Aggregate fund annuities on . fo the firft place, out of the monies to strife into the (aid receipt, the aggregate

ef fund.

Digitized by Google

28	Anno viccfimo GeoRGH II. c.j.	[1747.

of or for the rates and duties by this a & granted, the yearly fum of ninety one thoufand four hundred eighty five pounds, and fix pence three farthings, being the afbrefaia medium of what hath been annually produced to the faid General or Aggregate fund, by the faid rates and duties uponhoufes, by, this a£t repealed as aforefaid, towards payment of the feveral annuities, and other payments charged on the faid fund ; any thing herein contain* ed to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

The furplus LIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, monies how That after referving, or fetting apart the faid yearly fum of ninety to be applied, one thou (and four hundred eighty five pounds, and fix pence three farthings, herein before diredted to be applied to the faid General ox Aggregate fund, out of the faid rates and duties by this adt granted as aforefaid, all the reft and refidue of the monies arifing into the exchequer of or for the faid rates and duties, fliall, from time to time, be iflued and applied to fatisfy and pay the feveral and refpedtive annuities, and other charges by this adt charged upon and made payable out of the fame, at fuch times, and in fuch manner, as is herein before diredted in that behalf, until redemption thereof by parliament as aforefaid.

* LX. And whereas a certain annuity, or yearly fum of feventy four thoufand three hundred thirty four pounds, and eleven pence, is now charged upon, and payable to the South Sea company, out of the rates and duties upon coals, culm, and cinders, and the faid additional rates and duties upon houfes, granted by the before recited alt of the eighth year of the reign of her faid late majefiy 1Queen Anne .• and whereas it may fo happen, that by the repealing tie faid additional rates and duties upon houfes, the monies arifing by the Jaid duties upon coals, culm, and cinders only, may not be fufficient to anfwer and pay the faid annuity, or yearly fum of feventy four thoufand three hundred thirty four pounds, and eleven pence, to the faid company; and it being iujt and reafonable, that provifton Jhould be made by this alt, for making good any fuch deficiency that may happen therein, be Deficiencies of it therefore ena&ed and declared by the authority aforefaid. That a^menr of ^ ^ monies ar^nginto t*ie receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, the annuity of or ^or kid duties upon coals* culm, and cinders, as afore-74,^41, iid. faid, ftiall at any time or times, from and after the faid twenty to the South fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven. Sea company, ^ f0 jow or deficient, as not to anfwer and pay to the faid South Sea company the faid annuity or yearly fum of feventy four thoufand three hundred thirty four pounds, and eleven pence, charged thereupon as aforefaid ; in all and every fuch cafe and cafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid commifiion-r ers of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurcr, or any three or more of the com* miflioners of the treafury for the time being, and they are hereby refpedively authorized and required to caufe fuch deficiencies, tobe made as from time to time, happen in the produce of the faid duties. ratcs an<* duties uPon coa^s» culm, and cinder*, to be made good out of any monies arifen or to arife into the faid receipt of ex-Chequer, 0f or fpr ftp r*t$s *nd duties ty this granted (except

29

*747*3 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 3*

cept fuch monies as are or (hall be refcrved and fet apart for the ufe and purpofe herein before mentioned.)

. LXI. Provided always, That whatever monies (hall be iffued The monies out.of the faid rates and duties by this ad granted, for making tobereplaced. good any fuch deficiencies as aforefaid, the fame (hall be replaced by and out of the firft fupplies to be granted in parliament, next after fuch deficiency (hall have been made good; any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

LXI I. And it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, D«ficiencietof That if at any time or times, the proauce of the faid rates and & ^howHo^be duties by this ad granted, as aforefaid, (hall happen to be fomade°good. * low or deficient, as that the monies arifing thereby into the exchequer, (hall not be fufficient to pay and difeharge the feveral and refpedive annuities, and other charges by this ad direded to be paid thereout, at the end of either of the refpedive half yearly days of payment, at which the fame are hereby direded to be paid, then, and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fuch deficiency or deficiencies (hall or may be fupplied out of the overplus monies that (hall or may happen to arife, and be paid into the exchequer in any fubfequent half- years, as the faid feveral and refpec-tive annuities (hall, from time to time, become due and payable ; and in cafe fuch overplus monies (hall not be fufficient to fatisfy the deficiencies hereby intended from time to time to be paid thereout, that then, and in every fuch cafe the deficiencies 10 from time to jime happening, (hall from time to time be anfwered, and made good out of the firft fupplies which (hall be granted in parliament next after fuch deficiencies (hall appear; and in cafe no fuch fupplies fhall be granted within fix months next after fuch deficiencies (hall happen, then the fame (hall be made good out of any the monies which at any time or times (hall be or nemain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furpluffes, excefles, vr overplus monies commonly called The jinking fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former ad or ads of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall, and may be, from time t.o time, ifiued and applied accordingly.

LX1II. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a- Sinking fund forefcid. That whatever monies (hall be fo iffued out of the faidt0 bcreplaced. finking fund, (hall from time to time be replaced by and out of the firft fupplies, to be then after granted in parliament.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a-.Surplus how forefaid, That in cafe there (hall be any furplusor remainder oftobe applied, the monies, arifing by the faid rates and duties, after the faid feveral and refpedive annuities, and other payments or charges by this a<5t direded to be paid thereout, and all arrears thereof are fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved for that purpofe, fuch furplus or remainder (hall, from time to time, be referved for the difpofxtion of parliament, and (hall not be iffued but by authority of parliament, and as (hall be direded by any fu«

ture

Digitized by v^ooQle

Claufe of redemption.

General itfue.

Treble cofts.

Anno vicefimo Gboegii II. c.4, 5.	[*74-7.

ture aA or aAs of parliament; any thing in any former or other aA or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaAcd by the authority afbrefaid, That at any time upon one year's notice, to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Ex~ cbangeoi London, by authority of parliament, at any of thehalfp yearly feaft days, for payment of the faid feveral and refpec-tive annuities, and upon repayment by parliament of the principal fum of four millions, and alfo upon payment of the faid additional capital of four hundred thoufand pounds, amounting together to the principal fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds, for which the faid refpeAive annuities are payable to fuch refpeltive perfoneor corporations as (hall be entitled to the fame annuities, and alfo upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame annuities; then, and not till then, the faid refpeAive an* nukies (hall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed ; and from and after fuch redemption, the monies arifing from the faid feveral rates and duties by this a A granted, as aforefaid, Shall not be iffued or applied to any ufe or purpofe, but as Shall be direAed by any future a A or aAs of parliament; any thing in this, or any former a A or aAs of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding; and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons, ngnified by the fpeaker in writing, to be mferted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange of London, as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be fuffi-cient notice within the-words and meaning of this aA.

LXVI. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aA, or of any matter or thing in this aA contained ; fuch perfon or perfons (nail and may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and if upon the trial a verdi A fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff* or plaintiffs (hall be* come nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. IV.	.

An aA to continue, explain, and amend an aA made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An afft to enable bis Majefy to make rules, orders. and regulations, more efeflualfy to prevent the fpreading of the dtftemfer which now rages amongfl the horned cattle in this kingdom.

Amendment of 19 Geo, %, c, 5.

CAP. V.

An a A for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Mi* jetty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for applying a certain fum of money therein mentioned, towards the fupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and forty (even.

GAP.

Digitized by

Google

1747-] Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 6,—io.	$i

CAP. VI.

An aft to continue and make more effeftual two afts of parliament; one palled in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, and the other in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the highways between the Bear Inn in Reading and Runt field in the county of Berks $ and for amending other roads in the laft aft mentioned*

7be a8s la Atm. and i Geo. %. c. 7. contimud for %i years.

CAP. VII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft palled in the twelfth year of tne reign of his late majefty King George the Firft» intituled, An a&for repairing the roads leading from tbt *weftem part of the pari/b of Sbenfie/df to Harwich in the county rf EJJiex, and the road leading from Chelmsford in the find county, to Sudbury in the count* of Suffolk, and from Margretting to Malden in (be county of EJfex, and from Golcbejler to Longhorn to the fame county 3 and for repairing other roads adjoining to the fame roads.	/

Ybea8 n Geo. i. c. 13. continued for 11 years.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft palled in the thirteenth year of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing, widening! and amending the road leading from Warrington Wigan in the county of Lancafter; and alfo for amending and repairing the road leading from a place called Earl’s Kill, in Warrington aforefaid, to the toll-bars in Wallgate, in Wigan aforefaid*.

The a&t 13 Geo. 1. c. 10. continuedfor 21 years.

Cap. ix.

An aft for repairing the high road leading from the north end of the Cow Cawfey, near the town of Newcaftle upon Tyne, to the town of Bel-fbrd, and from thence to Buekton Burn, in the county of Northumberland.

Certain tolls granted for % 1 years.

CAP. X.

An aft for granting to bis Majefty feveral rates and duties upon eoacbesy and other carriages therein mentioned; and for raijing the fum of one million, by way of lottery, to be charged upon the faid rates and duties.

Moft gracious Sovereigny

WE your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament afiembled, being defirous to raife the neceflary fupplies, which we have granted to your Majefty in this feffion of parliament, in the moft fafe, eafy, and expeditious manner we are able, have voluntarily re-folved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral ana re-fpedive new rates and duties herein after exprefled; and to that cod and purpofe do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadied; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-

Digitized by v^ooQle

3*	Anno vicefihio GeoRGH II. c.io. I1747*

bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, there mall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, for and upon every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh, chaife marine, chaife, chair, and caravan, or by what name foever fuch wheel-carriages now are, or	hereafter may be called or

known, that (hall be kept by or	for any perfbn, for his or

her own ufe, or to be let out to	hire, the refpe&ive annual

rates or duties herein after exprefied; that is to fay,

Duties upon F°r an<* uPon evcry coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh coaches and with four wheels, chaife marine, chaife with four wheels, and other car- caravan, or by what name foever	fuch carriages now are, or

riages.	hereafter may be called or known,	that (hall be kept by or for

any perfbn, for his or her own ufe, or to be left out to hire (other than and except fuch coaches, and other carriages, as now are, or hereafter may be, licenfed by the commiflioners for the duties arifing by hackney coaches) the yearly fum of four pounds for every fuch coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh with: four wheels, chaife marine, chaife with four wheels, and Caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriages now arc, or hereafter may be called or known, fo to be kept as aforefaid.

And for and upon every calafh, chaife, and chair, with two wheels, or by what napie foever fuch carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, to be drawn by one or more horfes, that (hall be kept by or for any perfon or perfons, for his, her, or their own ufe, or to be lett out to hire, the yearly fum of forty shillings for every calafh, chaife, or chair, with two wheels, fo to be kept as aforefaid.

Which faid feveral and refpe&ive rates and duties for and upon every fuch coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh, chaife marine, chaife, chair, and caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, (hall be paid by the perfon or perfons who keep the fame.

No perfon to II. Provided neverthelefs, That no perfon mall be obliged to pay for more pay the faid yearly fum of four pounds for more than five fuch than five car- carriages on which the faid duty of four pounds a year is hereby theyCbe kept* c^arged, to be kept by or for him or her, for his or her own u(e for hire. ™ only > neverthelefs it is the true intent and meaning of this ac5t, that all perfons who (hall keep the fame for fupplying any waiting jobb, by the day, week, month, quarter, or any other time, or otherwife to be lett out to hire, (hall pay the faia yearly fum of four pounds for every fuch coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh with four wheels, chaife marine, and chaife with four wheels, or by what name foever fuch carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, foto be kept by him, her, or them, to be lett out for hire, as aforefaid, though exceeding the number of five ; and that every perfon, who (hall keep any ca-lafli, chaife, or chair with two wheels, or by what name'foever

fuch

Digitized by v^ooQle

33

t?47‘] Anno vicefimoGeorgii II. c. io.

fuch carnages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, to be drawn by one or more horfes, to be let out for hire, (hall pay the faid yearly fum of forty shillings for every calafh, chaife, or chair, fo to be kept by him or her, to be Iett out for hire, as aforefaid, though exceeding the number of five.

III.	And for the better afcertaining, charging, levying, and fecuring the feveral duties by this a<St impofed, and for preventing all frauds concerning the fame; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fuch of the faid duties by this a<ft Duties upon granted, as are or (hall be chargeable upon fuch coaches, ber- c^ch*^c: lins, landaus, chariots, calalhes, chaife marines, chaifes,chairs, Eng^nVto be and caravans, or by what names foever fuch carriages now are, under the ma-or hereafter may be called or known, that (hall be kept by or nagementof for any perfons for his, her, or their own ufe, or to be lett ou^cxci?bin E

to hire in England, IVales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, [and * m ng" (hall be under the management of the commiffioners and offi- 1 cers of the excife in England for the time being > and fuch of the faid duties as are impofed by this a<5t upon fuch coaches, berlins, and thofe in landaus, chariots, calafhes, chaife marines, chaifes, and chairs, Scotjand un-or by what names foever fuch carriages now are, or hereafter d^^keomccn may be called or known, that (hall be kept by or for any per- ie fons for his, her, or their own ufe, or be lett out to hire in Scotland, (hall be under the management of the commiffioners and officers of the excife in S&tland for the time being, who are hereby refpe&ively impowered to appoint proper officers for Commiffion-charging, colle&in*, and receiving the fame; and all monies ^^s^rco!* arifing by the faid duties (the neceflary charges of raifing and °awthe?u-accounting for the fame excepted) (hall, from time to time, be tics-paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Weftminjlcr, diftindly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, for the purpofes herein after mentioned.

IV.	And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid. That pcrfons keep-all and every perfon and perfons, who from and after the faid ing coaches, twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty to giv£ feven, (hall have or keep any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, office.* calalh, chaife marine, chaife, chair, or caravan, or by what

name foever fuch carriage now is or hereafter may be called or	.	%

known, for his, her, or their own ufe, or the ufe of any perfon of or for whom he, (he, or they, is, $re, or (hall be committees, truftees, or guardians, or to lett out to hire, in London,

IVefiminJlcr, or in any parts within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, (hall, within thirty days after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty (even, or within twenty days after he or (he (hall begin to keep fuch coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh, chaife marine, chaife, chair, or caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriage now is, or hereafter may be called or known, give notice in writing at the chief office of excife in London; and all and every perfon and perfons, who from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, (hall keep any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, cala(h, chaife marine, chaife, chair, or Vox.. XIX.	D	,	caravan.

Duties when to be paid.

Notice to be given every* year.

34.	Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 10.	f 1747.

caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriage now is, or hereafter may be called or known, for his or her own ufe, or for the ufe of any perfon of or for whom he, (he, or thejj, (hall be committees, truftees, or guardians, or to lett out to hire in any other part of Great Britain, (hall, within fixty days after the (aid twenty fifth day of March, one thouiand (even hundred and forty feven, or within twenty days after he, (he, or they, (hall begin to keep fuch carriage, and from time to time within twenty * '	days after beginning to'keep any other fuch carriages refpc&ive-

ly, not being in the place of the former, give notice in writing at the office of excife, next to the place where fuch perfon or perfons, for whole ufe the fame (hall be fo kept, (hall reflectively inhabit, of his, her, or their keeping the fame, and of the number of the coaches, berlins, landaus, chariots, calafhes with four wheels, chaife marines, chaifes, or chairs with four wheels, or caravans, and calafties, chaifes and chairs with two wheels, or by what name foever fuch carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, fo by him, her, or them refpec-tively kept as aforefaid, and of the pari(h or place where he or (he refpedtively refides, and (hall at the fame time pay down the refpe&ive annual rates and duties fo impofed as aforefaid, for the keeping the fame.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon or perfons that (hall give, or be obliged to give fuch notice as aforefaid, is and are hereby required at or within twenty days after the expiration of twelve calendar months, after the times of giving or being obliged to give fuch firft notices, to give a frem notice in manner aforefaid, and pay down the refpedive annual rates and duties above mentioned, accord-and the duties ing t0 the number of coaches, berlins, landaus, chariots, ca-paid;	lames with four wheels, chaife marines, chaifes, and chairs

with four wheels, or caravans, and calafhes, chaifes and chairs with two wheels, or by what names foever fuch carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, fo by him, her, or them refpeftively then kept, and in the fame manner to renew fuch notice, ana make fuch payment from year to year, as long as he, (he,or they (ball fo kefep any fuch carriages ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall fo keep any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafti, chaife marine, chaife, chair, or caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriage now is, or hereafter may be called or known, as aforefaid, without giving fuch firft notice, and making fuch payments as aforefaid, or without renewing fuch notice and payments yearly, in manner as aforefaid, he, fhe, or they Penalty, (hall refpe&ively forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds for each offence.

Names of the	^nd	lt ^urt^er cna(^e(J hy the authority aforefaid, That

owners and uPon the payment of the faid refpe<ftive rates and duties fo here-the number of by granted, at the faid refpeeftive offices of excife, by the recoaches, fyeaive owners or proprietors thereof as aforefaid, the names of the perfons fo paying the fame, and the number of the coaches, berlins, landaus, chariots, ealaihes with four wheels, chaife ma-2	rines.

Digitized by v^ooQle

35

1747*1 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. to. tines, chaifes, and chairs with four wheels, and caravans, and calafhes, chaifes and chairs with two wheels, or by what names foever fuch carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, by him or her refpedlively kept, and the name of the parifti or place where he or (he, and any perfon of or for whom he, (he, or they (hall be committee, truftee, or guardian, re-fldes, (hall be entered in a regifter to be kept at the faid refpec-to be regi. tive offices of excife for that purpofe by the perfon fo receiving tertl. the fame: and a receipt (of which an indented duplicate (hall be kept by the perfon receiving the faid money) (hall be given to every perfon fb paying fuch refpe&ive rates by the faid perfon fo receiving the fame; which receipt (hall contain the number ofirormof tjie the faid regifter, the number of the coaches, berlins, landaus, receipt*, chariots, cala(hes, chaife marines, chaifes, chairs, and caravans, or by what names foever fuch carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, fo refpedlively paid for, the fum fo paid, and the time for which fuch fum (hall have been fo paid, and be a difeharge to the refpe<5tive owner for fuch number of coaches, berlins, landaus, chariots, cala(hes, chaife marines, chaifes, chairs, and caravans, wherefoever the lame are refpec-dvely ufed.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, stage coaches* That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend, or be conftrued

to extend, to charge with the faid duty of four pounds per an-num, by this adt impofed upon coaches, and other carriages,

*ny publick ftage coach, which is conftantly employed in carrying paflengers for hire to and from different places within this kingdom, on certain days in every week fixed for that purpofe, and not ufed or lett out to hire by way of by-jobb, for a day, or any longer time,

VIII.	Provided alfo, That this adl (hall not extend to charge an(i

with the faid duty of forty shillings per annnrny by this adt im- chains, ex. pofed upon chaifes and chairs with two wheels, any pod chaife empted. that now is, or hereafter (hall be kept for hire by his Majesty’s poft-mafter general, or by any deputy poft-mafter in Great Bri-tainy authorized by him to keep fuch poll chaifes.

IX.	Provided neverthelefs. That all and every the poll chaifes, p0ft chaifes to fo to be kept by foch poft-mafter general, or any deputy poft- be entered at mailers, for hire, as aforefaid, (hall, within thirty days after the excite of-the (aid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred fice*

and forty feven, or within thirty days after the letting out of

fuch chaifes for hire, be entered by the owners thereof at the

office of excife next to the place where fuch perfons inhabit;

and (hall (befides his Majesty’s arms to be painted upon every and to have a

fuch poft chaife) have fuch figure or mark, of diftindlipn fixed mark.

thereupon, as (hall be appointed by the laid commiffioners for

that purpofe; and in cafe any fuch poft-mafter (hall, from an4

after the (aid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufimd fevea

hundred and forty feven, lett Qut to hire any fuch poft chaife

before the fame (hall have been entered, or lhall have fuch apna

painted, or fuch mark or figure fixed thereupon, as aforefaid,

V %	every

Digitized by LjOOQle

Penalty aol.

Coaches, See. lett out to hire to carry a figure, See.

Penalty 20 1. Licenfed coaches exempted.

Coaches kept for fale not to be taxed.

Penalty on let-ting out fuch coaches.

Profecutions where to be.

Anno vicefimo Georgii U. C. ig.* £1747-

every fuch deputy poft-mafter and poft-mafters dull, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

X. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners to caufe fuch figure or mark of diftin&ion as they (hall think proper to appoint, to be fixed upon every fuch coach* berlin, landau, chariot, calafh, chaife marine, chaife, chair* or caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriage now is, or hereafter may be called or known, that (hall be fo lett out to hire as aforelaia, and in cafe any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall lett out to hire any fuch carriage which (hall not have fuch figure or mark of diftin6tion fixed thereupon as aforefaid, or (hall take off the fame when fixed to any fiich carriage, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and Iole the fum of twenty pounds.

XL And it is hereby further ena&ed. That nothing in this a£l contained (hall extend to charge with any of the faid rates and duties, any coach which (hall be licenfed by the commif-fioners for regulating and licenfing hackney coaches within the cities of London ana Wcjlminjler, and the fuburbs thereof, and have the proper figure or number thereon, and which (hall not be employed in carrying any perfon or perfons more than ten miles from the faid cities reipedtively.

XII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared. That nothing in this ad contained fliall extend to charge with any of the faid duties, any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh, chaife marine, chaile, chair, or caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriage now is, or hereafter may be called or known, kept for fade:, and remaining unfold in the pofleflion of the owner thereof, or of any coachmaker the purchafer thereof; and no fuch carriage (hall at any time, whilft in fuch pofleflion, be employed for his or her own ufe, or for the ufe of any other perfon, other than fuch perfon whofe like carriage (nail be then mending or repairing by fuch coachmaker, or be lett out to hire, on pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty pounds for every time that fuch carriage (hall be fo employed, or lett out to hire as aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforelaid. That all the rates and duties hereby granted, as alfo all forfeitures and offences made and committed againft this ad, or any claufe or article therein contained, (hall be heard, adjudged, and determined by fuch perfon and perfons, and in fuch manner and form,as hereafter in and by this ad is direded and appointed; thatis to fay, all profecutions for the recovery of the duties hereby granted, and alfo for all forfeitures and offences made and committed within the immediate limits of the chief office of excifein London, (hall be heard, adjudged, and determined by the faid commiflioners of excife, or the major part of them, or by the commiflioners for appeals, or the major part of them, in cafe of appeal, and not otherwife; and all profecutions for the recovery of the duties hereby granted, and alfo for all forfeitures and offences made and committed within all or any other.the counties, (hires, ftewartries, cities, towns, or places within the kingdom of Great

6	Britain,

Digitized by

Google

37

1747O Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. ro.

Britain, (haH be heard and determined-by any two or more of the juftkes^f the peace refiding near to tfie place where fuch forfeitures (hall be made, or offence committed ; and if the party finds himfelf aggrieved by the judgment given by two or more juftices, he (hall and may appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next quarter feifions, who are hereby authorized and impoweced to hear and determine the fame, whofe judgement therein (hall be final; which (aid commiffioners for appeals, and Commiflion-regulating this duty, and the faid commiffioners of excife, and cr«» &c: upon all juftices of the peace aforefaid refpeftively, are hereby autho- famrarTthe0 sized, and ftrkMy enjoined and required, upon complaint or in-	C

formation upon oath, exhibited and brought of any forfeiture F made, or offences committed, contrary to this aft, to fummon the party accufed, and upon his appearance, or contempt, to proceed to the examination of the matter of faft, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confeftion of the party, or by the oath ofoneor more credible witnefs orwitneffes (which oath they, or any two or more of them, have hereby power to adminifter) to give judgement or fentence thereupon, and * e and to award and iffue out warrants under their hands, for the judgement, levying of fuch forfeitures and penalties as are by this aft im-&c. poied9 for any fuch offence committed, upon the goods and chattels of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made of the faid goods and chattels, if they (hall not be redeemed within four- and for want teen days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any be j and of diftrefs, to for want of fufticient diftrefs, to imprifon the party offending c®mnJit thc till fatisfaftion be made.	offender.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enafted, That all forfeitures Forfeitures and penalties mentioned in this aft (all neceffary charges for the how to be dif-recovery thereof being firft dedufted) (hall be employed, onepofcd, &c. moiety thereof to and for the ufe of his Majeftv, and the other

moiety thereof to the difcoverer or informer of the fame.

XV.	Providecj always, and be it enacted by the authority a- None to be

forefaid, That in every cafe where the duty or duties required by profecuted, this aft to be paid, by any perfonchargeable with the fame, (hall	paW1-

be paid, and entry made as aforefaid, before any information &c# before * laid of fuch entry or payment not having been made, although information not ftriftly within the time for that purpofe mentioned, no per- given.

fon having made fuch payment and entry, (hall be afterwards profecuted for not having made fuch payment or entry within the time limited by this aft.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- succeflors of thority^forefaid. That if any perfon having made due entry and deceafed per-payment of the duty for any coach or coaches, or other car-fons, who riage or carriages mentioned in this aft, according to the true Jotie^not^to intent and meaning thereof, (hall die before the end of the year be charged for for which fuch entry and payment (hall be made; in every luch the refidue of cafe, it (hall be lawful for every perfon claiming title to any fuch the year, coach or coaches, carriage or carriages aforefaid, by, from, or

tinder fuch deceafed perfon, to make ufe of fuch coach or coaches, carriage or carriages, for or in refpeft whereof fuch entry and

D 3	N	duty

Digitized by

Google

S8

ines coming in.

Appropriation of the duties.

Anno vioefimo Georgii II. c. 10. t* 74-7-

duty (hall have been made and paid as aforefakl, during the residue of the year for which fuch payment (hall have been mode, in like manner, as fuch deceafed p?rfon might have done, if

living.

Books to be X Vll. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaki, keptforenter- That there (hall be provided and kept in the o&ce of the auditing the mo- tor Qf thc faid receipt of exchequer at IVcJlminJlir, a book or books, in which all the monks hereby appointed to be paid into the faid receipt, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable there to his Majesty, his heirs or fuo-ceifors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money £6 appointed to be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as atoro-faid, ihall be the yearly fund for the ufes and purposes herein after mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefiud. That all and every the annuities which by this a& (hall be grants ed and made payable, in refpeft of the principal fum of one million, to be raifed towards the fupply, for thq fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, in fuch man* ner and form as herein after is direfted, until redemption thereof by parliament, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the faid rates and duties by this aft granted to his Majesty j %aftd the faid rates and duties (hall be* and are hereby appropriated for that purpofe accordingly. t,ooo,ooo 1. to XIX. And whereas it is intended\ That; the /aid fum of one mU be raifed by	lion /hall be raifed by way of a lottery, for the purchafe of annuities

after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, in manner hereafter mentioned; be it therefore enabled by the authority a-forelaid. That the annuities becoming due and payable to the contributors to the lottery herein after mentioned, (heir execu^ tors, adminiftrators, and afligns, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, in refpeft of the faid principal fum of one million, in manner hereafter in this aft exprelTed, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo hereinafter to be charged contained in that behalf, (hall be charged upon the faid rates and ** the rates, duties, from the feaft day of the nativity of Saint John the Bap-?

tift, which (hall be in the year of our Lord on$ thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and (hall, from time to time, be paid half yearly, at the feafts of the birth of our Lord Chrift, and the nativity of Saint John the Baptift, by even and equal portions, the firft payment thereof to be due and payable for the half-year ending at the feaft of the birth qf our Lord Chrift, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That for or towards railing the faid fum of one million, it (hail and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons, nativesorforeigners* bodies politick or corporate, to contribute by paying at or be* fore the refpeftive times by this aft limited in that behalf, to any receiver or receivers to be appointed for that purpofe, as is herein after mentioned, the fum of ten pounds, or divers entire fums of ten pounds upon this aft $ and (bat every fuch contiir

butor

lottery, for purchafe of annuities at 4 h per cent.

A^y perfon may advance so 1. or more.

Digitized by CjOOQle

39

1747*3 Anno viccfimo Georgii II. c. ro.

tutor or tdventurtr for every fuch fum of ten pounds, which he, fhe, or they Aall fo advance, (hall be interested in fuch lot or jfhare of and in the joint (lock of annuities, eftabli(hed by this act, as is herein after mentioned and appointed in that behalfj and the fame entire fums of ten pounds each, are hereby appointed to be paid unto fuch receiver or receivers* at fuch time or times, and in fuch proportions at a time, as are herein after mentioned in that behalf; that is to fay, one fourth part there- Times of ad. of, upon foch day as Aall be appointed by the commidinners of vancing the the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the fums# high tneafarer, or any three or more of the commifltoners of the treafury for the time being $ one other fourth part thereof on or before the twenty third day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven; one other fourth part thereof, on or before the twentieth day of jfugu/1 then next enfuing; and the remaining fourth part thereof, on or before the fixteenth day of Othbtr> then next following,

Managers to be appointed by the treafury* There (hall be printed 50,000 tickets. Where any ticket (hall be a prize, the ticket of the like number ihafl be a prize of like value. Treafury to appoint receivers, and take fe-carity. Managers to examine the books of tickets, and deliver them to the recerren. Receivers Aall deliver tickets to the contributors; of which 7*150 Aall be fortunate; and (hall be written upon in manner following,

•vbc. upon two, 10,000!. upon three, 50001. upon five, *0001. upon fifteen,

10001. upon thirty one, 500b upon one hundred and fifty one, tool, upon three hundred and ninety eight, 50I. upon fix thoufand five hundred and forty five# sol. which fuma* with 5001. to the firft drawn ticket, and 1000 L to the lad drawn* will amount to 141,9001. which being added to 157,100 b on the remaining 41,8 co blank tickets, at 61. each* amount together to 500,0001. which with the like fum payable in refpe^l of the 50,000 corresponding tickets, amount together to t,000,0001. to be converted into annuities. Manner of drawing the lottery. Prizes to be entered in a book. A lid of the prizes to be printed. Counterfeiting of tickets* certificates* or the numbers of them, felony. Guardians may ad-eenrure infants money in the lotttry; fo as (bch infants names be in the receipts and tickets. Limitation of fale of chances, &c. Perfons felling * flares in tickets of which they are not pofiefled* to forfeit 500 L The tickets to be exchanged for certificates. EXP.

XL. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Accomptant That the faid accomptant general ot the bank of England for general to give the time being, to whom the faid certificates are to be diredled ^ms^named as aforefaid, mall, upon receiving and taking in the faid certi- in the certifi* ficates, or any of them, give credit to the perfons named there- cates $ in, in a book or books, to be by him provided and kept for that purpofe, for the principal turns contained in every fuch certificate; and the perfons to whofe credit fuch principal fums Aall be entered in the faid book or books, his, her, or their executors and adminiftrators (hall and may have power to affign may ^ and transfer the lame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, transferred* to any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate and carry 4 wbatfoever, in other books, to be prepared and kept by the faid ^rre^cnt*in* accomptant general for that purpole; and the principal fums fotcre dfigacd and transferred, Aall carry the faid annuity of four

D 4	pounds



Digitized by Google

Certificates to be cancelled, and rotes given in lieu thereof.

Chief cafhier and accompt-a it general to be appointed.

Monies fbr payment of the annuities to be iflu$d from the exchequer by way of irn-preft, &c.

Calhiers to make payments.

Accomptant general to in-ined the ca-fljicrs receipts

Anno viccfimo Georg 11II. c. 10I	.	[1747:

pounds ptr centum per annum, and (hall be taken and deemed to be (lock transferable by this adl, according to the powers and authority herein after mentioned, until the redemption thereof as aforefaid; and the faid accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being, is hereby authorized and dire&ed to cancel and file the certificates, as they (hail from time to time be received and taken in by him, and to give the perfons bringing in the fame a note under his hand, teftifying the principal money for which they (hall have credit in the (aid book or books, by reafon or means of the certificates fo received, taken in, and cancelled as aforefaid, and of the annuities attending the fame.

XLI. And for the more eafy and fure payment of the feveral and refpedlive annuities, amounting in the whole to one million, by this adl authorized to be purchafed as aforefaid ; it is hereby further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of the bank of England^ and their fucceflors, (hall from time to time, until the faid feveral and refpedlive annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, (hall be redeemed according to this adl, appoint and employ one fuf-ficient perfon or perfons within their office in the city of Londm> to be their chief or firft cafhier or cathiers, and one other fuffi-cient perfon, within the fame office, to be their accomptant general ; and that fo much of the monies, from time to time arifing into the receipt of the exchequer, for the faid feveral rates and duties by this adl appropriated for this purpofe, as (hall be fufficient, from time to time, to anfwer the faid ieveral annuities, and other payments diredted to be paid or difeharged out of the fame, (hall, by order of the commiffioners of his Majefly's treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpedtive half yearly feaftdays or days of payment, in this adl before appointed for payment therebf, be iflued and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer, to the faid firft or chief cafhier or ca(hiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon account for the payment of the faid feveral annuities to be purchafed upon this adl, at fuch times, and in fuph manner and form, as are by this adl preferibed in that behalf; and that all and every fuch caftlier and cafhiers, to whom the faid monies (hall from time to time be iflued, (hall from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his account thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer ; any thing therein contained to the contrary not with-ftanding,

XLII. And it is hereby alfo enadted, That the faid accompt-• ant general for the time being, (hall from time to time, infpedl and examine all receipts and payments of the faid caftlier or ’ caftiiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay; and that all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, wtyo (hall be intitled to any of

Digitized by

Google

I747-1 Anno viccfimo Georgii II. c. 10.	4t

the (aid federal and refpeftive annuities, after the rate of four Annuities to pounds per centum per annumy and all perfons lawfully claiming fcftApe^nal under them, (hall be pofiefled thereof as of a perfonal edate,c and the fame (hall not be defcendible to the heir, and (hall not -be liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife; any law, datute, or cudorti to the contrary notwith-danding.

XL11L And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, The monies That all monies to be advanced or contributed, or to which any contributed to perfon or perfons (hall become entitled upon this aft, for or to-wards the (aid fum not exceeding one million, (hall be deemed,1	*	c*

reputed, and taken to be one capital or joint dock, on which the (aid feveral and refpeftive annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annumy (hall be attending; and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money by him, her, or them advanced, or to which they (hall become intitled as aforefaid, upon this aft, (hall have, and be deemed to have a proportional intefed and (hare in the faid dock, and in the annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid ; and that the faid whole capita] or joint dock, or any (hare or intered therein, and the proportional annuity attending the (same, (hall be aflignable and transferable as tins aft: transferr&ble* direfts, and not otherwifej and that there ihall condantly be kept at all feafonable times, in the office of the faid accomptant Book to be general for the time being, within the city of London, a book kept for trans-or books, wherein all alignments or transfers of the faid whole fcrs* capital or joint dock, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, ar the rate aforefaid, (hall be entered and regidcred; which entries (hall be conceived in proper Entries to be words for that purpofe, and (hall be (igned by the parties mak- figned by the ing fuch affignments or transfers ; or it fuch parties be abfent, parties tranf-by bis, her, or their attorney or attomies thereunto lawfully au-	*nd

thorized, by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, ^ •' to be atteded by two or more credible witnefles; and that the perfon or perfons, to whom fuch transfer (hall be made, do underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of afligning or transferring the faid dock, and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, of any intered therein, ihall be good or available in law.

XLIV. Provided always. That any perfon or perfons poflef- Annuities de-fed of (rich dock, with the annuity or annuities attending the viieable,&c. fame, or any edate or intered therein, may devife the fame by will, in writing, atteded by two or more credible witnefles; but that fuch devifee (hall receive no payment thereupon, till fo much of the faid will, as relates to the faid dock or annuity, be entered in the faid office ; and in default of fuch transfer or devife. In default of the (aid dock and annuities attending the fame, (hall go to the devife, &c. to executors or adminidrators *, and that no damp duties whatfoever exccators* (hall be charged on the faid transfers, or any of them; any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwjthdanding.

XLV. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the authority

Digitized by CjOOQle

4*	Anno	vfce&oo	G^OKOit	II.	c.	id.	f *747*

Tfte bank to thority afoTefaid, That the laid governor and company of the cmtj*j** * bank of England, and their facaeflbrs, (notwithlbmding the re-r^mpuon 0f dtmptioQ of all or any their own funds, in pursuance of the the annuities, ads for eftablilhing the fame, or any of them) (hall continue a corporation, frith all the powers, privileges, and advantages thereunto belonging, for the purpofcs in this aft ex prefled, till all the annuities to be purchafed on this aft (hall be redeemed by parliament, according to the previfo herein after contained in that behalf) and the laid governor and company, or any members thereof, (hall not incur any difebility for or by reafbn of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this aft.

No fee for XLVI. And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, payment of That no foe or gratuity whatfoever, Audi be demanded or taken contribution- of any of his Majesty’S fubjeds, for receiving or paying the money. ftjj contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any tollies or receipts concerning the fame, or for ifluing the monies for paying the fold fcveral annuities, or any of them; and that no foe Transfers to or gratuity lhaU be demanded or taken for any transfer, of any bemade gra- g^t or fma]i> to be made in purfuance of this adupon pain that any officer or perfon offending, by taking or demanding any foe or gratuity contrary to this ad, (hall forfeit the ftun Penalty. of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered with foil eofts of fitit, in any rtf ms Majefty’s courts of record at Wtftmxfleri

TYeafaty t* XLVH. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority pay the aforefaid, That the cotnmiffioners of the treafury, or any three executing thisw more them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three •ft, out of «r more of the commiffionert of the treafury for the time being, the duuc% (hall have power, and they are hereby authorized out of the laid feveral rates and dudesby thisad granted and appropriated as aforefaid, to difeharge ail (itch incident charges, as {lull ne-ceflarily attend the execution of this ad, in fuch manner, asfo them (hall feem juft and reasonable; and alfo to fettle andappoint foch allowances, out of the contributions aforefaid, as they (hall think juft and reafonabie, for the fervice, pains, and labour of the receiver or receivers of the contributions to the faid lottery, and appoint for receiving and accounting for the feme ; and alfo fuch fur-fej*rie* t‘>r ther allowances, out of the faid feveral rates and duties by this and otber'of- a<^ aPProPr*ated, as they (hall think juft and reafonabie, for the teen. * fervice, pains, and labour of the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England., for "receiving,

Spaying, and accounting for the feveral and refpedive annuities, yabie in refped thereof $ and alfo for the fervice, pains, and *>ur of the accomptant general of the faid governor and company, for performing the duty and truft incumbent on him by this ad; all which allowances hereby impowered to bemade as aforefaid, in refped to the fervice, pains, arid labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, (hall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at iheir difpofal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary potwithftanding.

XLVIII. And

Digitized by Google

1747.} Anno vicelimo Gborgii II. c. 10.	43

XLVIII. And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefeid, Deficiencies, ‘That if at anytime or times the produce of the faid fevers 1 rates &c*to ** and dodos (hail happen to be fo low or deficient as that the mo-niessailing therefrom into the exchequer, fhall not be fufficient to pay and difcharge the feveral and rcfpedtive annuities, and other charges dire&ed to be paid thereout, at the end of any or either of the rcfpe&ive half-yearly days of payment, at which the fame are hereby directed to be paid, then, and fo often, and in every foch cafe, fuch deficiency or deficiencies fhall and may be Aipplied out of the overplus monies, that fhall or may hap-	,

pen to arife and be paid into the exchequer in any of the fob-fequent half years, as the feid rdpedtive annuities fhall, from time to time, become due and payable; and in cafe fuch overplus monies fhall not be fufficient to fatisfv the deficiencies hereby intended from time to time to be paid thereout, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the deficiencies fo from time to time happening, fhall, from time to time, be anfwered and made good by and out of the firft fupplies which fhall be granted m parliament next after fuch deficiencies fhall appear j and in cafe no iiich fupplies fhall be granted within fix months next after fuch deficiencies (hall happen, then the feme fhall be made good out of any the monies which at any time or times fhall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplufles, excefiei, or overplus monies, commonly called Tbt finking fund (except fpeh monies of the feme finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former adt or acts of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund fhall and may be from time to time iflued. and applied accordingly; and if at any time or times before any monies of the feid feveral rates and duties hereby granted fhall be brought into the exchequer as aforefeid, there (hall happen to be a want of money for paying the feveral annuities aforefeid, which (hall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the feid half-yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the money Jo wanted (hall and may be fupplied out of the monies of the feid finking fond (except as before excepted) and be iflued accordingly.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority jinking fiind aforefeid. That whatfoever monies fhall be fo iffued out of the to be replaced, feid finking fund, fhall from time to time be replaced by and out of the foil fupplies, to be then after granted in parliament.

L. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the autho- Surplus mo-rity aforefeid. That in cafe the monies arifen, or to arife into nies how to by the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, of or for the rates and applied, duties by this aft granted, fhall be more than fufficient to an-fwer and pay the feveral annuities by this adt charged thereupon, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the feid high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, and they are hereby refpec-fivcly authorized and required, from time to time, to lflue and

p*y>

Digitized by L^ooQie

Claufe of redemption.

General ifTue.

Treble coils.

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 1i—13.	[1747.

pay, but of the furplus money of the faid rates and duties by this adt granted as aforefaid, fo much money as (hall, from time to time, be wanting to make good any dehciency that (hall or may happen in the produce of the rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights, granted to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, by one other adt of this prefent feflion of parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

LI. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That at any time upon one year’s notice to be printed in the London Gazette^ and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by authority of parliament, at any of the half yearly feaft days, for payment of the faid refpedtive annuities, and upon repayment by parliament, of the refpedtive principal fums, for which the faid refpedtive annuities, (hall be payable to fuch refpedtive perfons or corporations, as (hall be intitled to the fame annuities, and alfo upgn full payment of all arrearages of the fame annuities; then, and not till then, the faid refpedtive annuities (hall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed 5 and from and after fuch redemption, the monies arifing from the faid feveral rates and duties, (nail not be iflued or applied to any ufe or purpofe, but as (hall be diredted by future adt or adts of parliament; and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons fignified by the foeaker in writing,-to be inferred in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be fuf-ficient notice, within the words and meaning of this adt.

LII. And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall be molefted or profecuted for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this adt, or any the claufes therein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general i(Tue, and give this adt, and the fpecial matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence; and if afterwards a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his or their adtion, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given againft him or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts to them awarded againff fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XI.

An ad- for punithing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. Exp.

CAP. XII.

An adt for repairing the high road leading from the city of Durham, in the county of Durham, to Tyne Bridge in the faid county. Certain tolls granted for si years.

CAP. XIII.

An adt for

repairingthe road from Sunderland near the fea, to the city of Durham, in the county of Durham.

Certain toils granted for %i years*

CAP.

Digitized by Google

45

1747-3 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 14-16.

CAP. XIV.

An a£t for openings cleanfmg, repairings and improving the haven of Southwould in the county of Suffolk.

*\X^HEREAS there hath been, for time out of minds a fea-* * port or harbour for Jbipping at Southwould in the county of Suffolk, which is fituated very conveniently, not only for the Safeguard and prefervation of Jhips and veffcls navigating in the Britifh JeaSy but alfo for the importation and exportation of many ufeful wares and commodities, and for the benefit of trade and commerce in general: and whereas the road or haven, lying before and without the faid port or harbour, is fo choked up or obftruRed with fandy as to prevent any loaded Jhips or veffels .(except Juch as are of very fmall tonnage or burthen) from pajjing into or out of the faid harbour: to the end therefore that the faid haven, port, or harbour may be opened, deanfed, repaired, and improved, fo as to render the fame fafe and commodious for (hipping, and of publick benefit and utility to the trade and commerce of this kingdom; be it enadted, &c.

From 15 March, 1747, for it years, &c. there (hall be paid, for every Englifb veffel which (hallfail into the harbour, and neither load nor unload there, 1 d. 1 q. per ton, according to their light bills. For every chaldron of coals, culm, and cinders, landed from any Engliih (hip in the faid port, 1 s. For every laft of wheat, rye, barley, malt, oats, and other grain, exported or imported, 1 s. For every ton of rode fait, 1 s. For every hqg(head of wine, brandy, or other fpirituous liquor, 1 s. For every ton of chalk, other than for improving land, 1 d. For every firkin of butter and weigh of cheefe, id. For every ton of grocery wares, and other goods (fifh, butter and cheefe exoepted) is. 6d. For every ton of lead, 1 s. For every foreign (hip which (hall fail into the harbour, and not load nor unload there, and for all goods exported or imported, out of any foreign (hipin the port, double duties. Duties may be levied by diftrefs and tale. No (hip to be cleared at the cuftom houie, 'till a certificate is produced of the payment. Monies to be applied towards cleaning and improving the harbour. Truftees to ftate their accounts yearly. Bailiffs, &c. of Southwould to be prefent at the making up the accounts. Truftees may contract for cleanfing, &c. the harbour $ and may borrow money on the duties. New truftees may be chofe in the room of thofe who are dead, &c. No perfon to throw rubbifh into the harbour, under penalty of 40 s.

CAP. XV.

An aft for repairing, improving, and maintaining the publick conduits, and other water-works, belonging to the town of Southampton.

CAP. XVI.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by feveral afts of parliament palled for repairing the highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, and from Wymondnam to Hetherfet, and from tbe mouth of Wigmore Lane, to Hall Walk Gate in Attleborough, in the county of Norfolk; and for amending tbe other roads adjoiuing to the highways direfted to be repaired by the faid former afts, and making the faid afts more effeftual.

Former aQs 7 Will. 3. c, 26. &c. continued for xi years.

CAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

4&	Anno	viceftmo	Georoii	II. c. 17,1$.	£1747.

CAP. XVII.

As sft for merging the term aad powtn grant*d by two a£t* of parti.-

ment for laying a duty of two peonies Scots upon every pint of ale and beer brewed and vended within the town of Dundee, and the liberties and fuburbe thereof, for the purpofea in the (aid afta and tbit prpfcm aft mentioned.

Tie duty txcifif «•xHau+i to tU Unvmfcr %$ years.

CAP, XVIII.

An a£l for the better prefervotion and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven <f Suoderiand> in the county of Durham,

sGeo. 1. pri- TT7HEREAS the town of Sunderland near the fea, fituatc vau.	Yv	m the river Wear, in toe county Durham, is well tabu-

hated by rub end able merchants and tradesmen., and may be of great importance y as well for bis Majefifs feruice and revenue % as for the publick benefit of the kingdom, having a port or haven capable of containing many hundred fail of /hips at one time, and from whence may be boded and fent great members of flnps with coeb, hit* gifs* and other merchandizes, to divers places within this realm, and atjo to foreign parts \ and divers kinds and forts of merchandizes may be imported in the faii port or haven, whereby not only a great revenue wiU yearly arife to his Moyejty, but there will be edfo a oenflant mar-firy and fupply of able feamen to ferve on hoard the royal navy, and ' great numbers of poor people may be eonfiantly employed in and about work and trade of the faid river and port; and whereas by an ad paffei in the third year of the reign of his late majtfly King Georgs the Firjt, intituled, An aft for the prefervatkm and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham, certain perfons m the faid aft named, were named, confikuted, and appoint A commffmers of the find river, port, and haven, within the Omits, with the powers, and for the purpofes therein mentioned, for and during the term of twenty one years $ and for the effectual ckanfiug and preferving t/je faid river, port, and haven, certain duties were by the faid alt granted and made payable from and after the twenty fourth day of June, which was in the year of our Lord one thoufand[even hundred and Jevsnteeu, and to have continuance for the fpaceof twenty one years then next following : and whereas another a£t paffei in the thirteenth year of the 13 Geo. v. reign of bis late majefiy King George the Firfi, For the more efc-private. feftual prefer vat ion and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham, whereby divers additional powers were granted to the faid comrnijfioners: and whereas the faid comrnijfioners, in purfuance and in execution of the powers by the faid atts given to them, did, before the expiration of the faid term thereby limited (which was on the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty eight) at a very great charge, erett a pier and a key at or near the mouth of the faid river, on the fouth fide thereof \ and did divers other alts, for the opening, cleanfing} fcouring, and improving

Digitized by Google

t747*l	A1100	vteefimo	Georgii	U. c. 18.

$f the faid river, peri, and haven, from whence fame benefits and advantages have arofe; and in order to have snore ejfeblwUy cleanjfed, femred, and preferved the fame, the find commijfivurt propofeiand intended to have lengthened the faid pier, and alfo tr have bath a pier or piers, key or keys, wall or walls, jilto or jet tees, on the north fide of and to have made and done other works near the month of thi faid river* fort, or haven j hut the money arifmg from the duties laid and made payable by the faid fir ft mentioned aft, not being dent to make and perform fuch additional works within the term by the faid former ads limited, the month of the faid river, pert, er harbour, for want thereof is ftiU very muck choakedhy fond thrown up, and brought into, and lodged in the faid harbour by the fat * and alfo by means of great banks of fond, gravel, rubbijh* and other grofs matter wajbid and brought down to, and lodged in the tame, bp lend floods, and other accidents \ and alfo by throwing hallafi, coal ajhes, rubbijh, and other grofs matter within the faid river, port, or harbour; and by the irregular and low building, and want of repairing of wharfs, Jlaiths, and keys, on or near the faid river j hut more efpecially for want of fuch pier or piers, key or keys, wall or walls* jettee or jet tees, at or near the mouth of the fa[d river, port, or haven to fcour and cleanfe the fame, fo that the depth of water at the meutb of the faid river is not yet juffkieut for loaden flips mid vejfels to come into, or go out of, the fame, whereby the navigation and trade of and in the faid river, port, or haven, is very much pee* judked, hindered, and obftrufted: and whereas the lengthening the prefent pier, and trebling and building a pier or piers, key or keys, jettee or jettees, and making and performing other works at or near tie mouth cf, and on other convenient parts of the faid river, will be a means of deepening, cleanfmg, and rendering the fame more navi-gable and the preventing ballaft, coal ajbes, ft ones, fand, rubbijh, and other grofs matter, being wajbed into the faid river, port% or haven, and the removing and preventing other the dbufes and incon-vc mend a aforefaid, will be a means of preferving the fetid river, port, or haven, fo that, at all times thereafter, loaden flips or vejfels of a amfiderable burden may ride in, and foil into, and out of, the fame, at all tides; which will be a means of reducing and keeping low the prices of coals at London* and other the delivering-ports within this kingdom, and will very much tend to the encouragement and 'wreqfe of navigation and trade \ which faid undertaking and works, to finijb and complete the fame, will cojl a very corfiderable fum of money: to the end therefore that the faid river* port, and hlvea of Sunderland aforefaid may be further improved* and the (aid pier already built* lengthened* and fuch other pier or piers* key or keys, jettee or jettees* and other works may be ereded* built* made, and performed, as at any time hereafter ihall* by the commiffioners hereby or hereafter to be appointed, be ad"* judged for the advantage or improvement of the faid river, port* or haven; and that the fame may be preferved and kept in repair ^ may it pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enaded* &c.

CommiiEoners appointed for ai years. Not leis than 7 commiflkrners to be at a meeting. Commif&oners impowered to remove and appoint officers.

Digitized by

4$ ■	Anno	vicefimo	GeoRGII II. C. 19*	[1747.

cers. 4 No commiffioner to hold any of the offices. In cafe of death or incapacity new commiffioners to be cnofen. Commiffioners may purchafe or take leafes of lands. See. and lengthen and ere& piers. See. on fuch lands, &c. and employ workmen, and keels, See. to remove obftru&ions $ provided no grounds. See. are damaged, nor the highway from Monk Wear-mouth to Whttbume flopped. Commiffioners to determine all differences. River to be made navigable between Biddick ford and Newbridge. Com-miffiontrs, in cafes of abufes, &c. to fummon tbe perfons complained of. Jury to enquire into the offences. Commiffioners, on the jury’s verdi&, to order perfons offending to remove obftru&ions, &c. on penalty of 5 1. per month. Landlords, when ordered to remove obltru&ions, not to be guilty of trefpafs, See. Indi&ments in cafe? of nufances, See. may be preferred as before this a& parted. Penalty on perfon offending by emptying rubbifh, not to exceed 51. Perfons emptying rubbifh. See. from one vef-fel to another, See. to have proper flages, or port fails. Tbe coal owners (hall pay any fum not exceeding id. »q. for every chaldron, during n years, brought down for them to the river $ and in proportion for any greater or lets quantities. The fitters not exceeding % q. Commiffioners impowered to borrow money on the duties. Works ere&ed by this ad, becoming ruinous, not to be deemed nufances. Commiffioners may make by-laws. See. to be approved of by the juftices ; and to be in force till re • pealed by the commiffioners. Sec. Saving daufe in favour of the bifhop of Durham, and of the owners of ferry-boats. Sec.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for the better adjufting and more eafy recovery of the wages of certain fervants * and for tbe better regulation of fuebfervants, and of cert cun apprentices.	.

WHEREAS^ laws now in bring, for tbe better regulation of fervants, and for tbe payment of zoages to them, and to artificers, nandicraftjmen, and labourers* are infufficunt and defective : Tor remedy whereof beTt enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, which will be in the year of ouf Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, all complaints, differences, and difputes, which (hall happen or arife between maftersor miftrefles, and fervgnts in husbandry, who (hall be hired for one year, or longer, "orwhich (hall happen or arife between uiufijmined by a mailers and miftrefles, and artificers, handicraftfmen, miners,col-VLr-	juft ice of	' Iters, keelmen, pitmen, glafltnen, potters, and other labourers

employed for any certain time, or in any other manner, Thail be heard and determined by one or more juftice or juftices of the ieace of the county, riding, city, liberty, town corporate, or

lace, where fuch mafter or miftrefs (hall inhabit, although no

..............................



Differences between raa-fters and cer-tG..2.<,#tain fervants.

peace where the mafter re*

L JL

• pi * pL j	I

rate orafleflment of wages has been made that year hv the iufti^es of the peace of the (hire, riding, or liberty, or by the mayor, Juftice* to ex- bailiffs, or other head officer, where fuch complaints (hall be vants*	Tomac*e» or where fuch differences or difputes (hall arife; which

upon oath, laid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to examine upon oath, any fuch fervant, artificer, handicraftfman, mineir, collier, keelman, pitman, glaflman, potter, or other labourer, and make or- or any other witnefs or witnefles, touching any fucfflbm plaint, dertor pay- difference or difpute, and to make fuch order for payment of fo ment of wage*	r	much

Digitized by L.00Q le

Anno vicefimo GeoRGH II. c. 19.'	49

ro^^Hages to fuch fervant, artificer* handlentftfman, miner, d“e» if under cJH keel man, pitman, glaffman, potter, or other labourer,a ccrtam fuix* astomch jufticeor juftices (hall feern juft and reafonable, provided that the fum in queftion do not Exceed ten pounds with regard to any fervant, nor five pounds with regard to any artifi* , cer, handicraftsman, miner, collier, keelman, pitman, glaiP-roan, potter, or labourer; and irr cafe of refufal or nonpayment On nonpay-of any fums fo ordered, by the fpace of one and twenty days ment, to be next after fuch determination, fuch jufiice and juftices (hall and

levied by di»

may iffue forth his and their warrant to levy the fame bv diftrefsltrc s ™ and faleof the goods and chattels of fuch matter or miftrefs, or perfon employing fuch artificer, handicraftfman, miner, collier* keelman, pitman, glaffman, potter, or other labourer, rendering the overplus to the owners, after payment of the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,That Juftices tohear it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices, up- matters com-on application or complaint made, upon oath, by any matter, on miftrefs, or employer, againft any fuch fervant, artificer, handi- 0	1

craftfman, miner, collier, keelman, pitman, glaffman, potter, or labourer, touching or concerning any mifdemeanor, mifcar-riage, or ill-behaviour, in fuch his or her ferviceor employment (which oath fuch jufticeor juftices is and are hereby impowered toadminifter) tohear, examine, and determine the fame; and andtopunUh to punifti the offender by commitment to the houfe of correction, the offender there to remain and be corrected, and held to hard labour for a commit-reafonable time, not exceeding one calendar month, or other-	te~

wife by abating feme part of his or her wages, or by discharging wages, or dif-fuch fervant, artificer, handicrattiman, miner, collier, keelman, million, pitman, glaliman, potter, or labourer, from his, her, or their fervice or employment: and in like manner alfo it (hall and may juftices to be lawful to and for fuch jufticeor juftices, upon any complaint hear Servant's or application, upon oath, by any (uch fervant, artificer, handi- complaints on craftfman, miner, collier, keelman, pitman, glaffman, potter,oa * or other labourer, againft fuch mafter, miftrefs, or employer, touching or concerning any mifufage, refufal of neceffary pro* vifion, cruelty, or other ill-treatment of, to, or towards fuch fervant, artificer, handicraftfman, miner, collier, keelman, pitman, glaftman, potter, or other labourer, and to fummon fuch mafter, and to fum* miftrefs, or employer, to appear before fuch juftice or juftices, I?on mar at a reafonable time to be prefixed in fuch fummons; and fuchitcr^ ^ juftice or juftices (hall and may examine into the matter of fuch complaint, whether fuch mafter, miftrefs, or employer (hall appear, or not; proof being made, upon oath, of his or her being duly fummoned; and upon proof thereof made, upon oath, to and upon fa-his or their fatisfaflion, to difeharge fuch fervant, artificer, handi- tisfaftory craftfman, miner, collier, keelman, pitman, glaffman, potter, charg^tbe * or other labourer, of and from his faid fervice and employment; fervant. which difeharge (hall be given under the hand and feal, or hands and Seals, of fuch juftice or juftices gratis.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

Vql. XIX.	E	That

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 19.	f	1747.

That it {hall and may be lawful to and for any two or more fuch juftices, upon any complaint or application by any apprentice put out by the parifti, or any other apprentice, upon whole binding out no larger a fum than five pounds of lawful Britijh money was paid, touching or concerning any mifufage, refufal of neceflary provifion, cruelty, or other ill-treatment of or towards fuch apprentice, by his or her matter or mifttefs, to fummoo fuch matter or miftrefs to appear before fuch juftices at a reafon-able time to be named in fuch fummons ; and fuch juftices fhaD and may examine into the matter of fuch complaint; and upon proof thereof made, upon oath, to their fatisfaft ion (whether the matter or miftrefs be prefent or not, if fervice of the fummons be alfo, upon oath, proved) the faid juftices mhy difeharge fuch apprentice, by warrant or certificate under their hands and feals; for which warrant or certificate no fees (hall be paid.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it {hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices, upon application or complaint made, upon oath, by any matter or miftrefs, againft any fuch apprentice, touching or concerning any mifde-meanor, mifearriage, or ill-behaviour, in fuch his or her fervicc

and proof up- (which oath fuch juftices are hereby impowered to adminifter) on oath, t0 hear, examine, and determine the fame, and to punifh the the offender by commitment to the houfe of correction, there to remain and be correfted, and held to hard labour for a reafonable time, not exceeding one calendar month, or otherwife by dif-charging fuch apprentice, in manner and form before mentioned.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, That if any perfon or perfons {hall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by fuch determination, order, or warrant of fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid (fave and except any order of commitment) he, {he, or they may appeal to the next general quarter feflions of the peace to be held for the county, riding, liberty, city, town corporate, or place where fuch determination or order {hall be made; which faid next general quarter feflions is hereby impowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and to give and award fuch cofb to any of the refpeftive perfons, appellant or refpondent, as the faid feflions {hall judge reafonable, not exceeding forty shillings \ the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale in manner before mentioned.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no writ of Certiorari, or other procefs, fliafl iflue or be ifluable to remove any proceedings whatfoever, had "Jn purfuance of this aft, into any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejiminfier.

Stannaries not VII. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained included. (hall extend to the ftannaries in the counties of Devon and Corn-vGeo.z.c.ti. wall. •

50

Juftices upon complaint of certain apprentices,

to fummon the matter, &c,

and upon fa-tisfadtory proof, to difeharge the apprentice.

Juftices upon cotaplaint of matters a-gainft apprentices,

offender by

commitment,

&c.

Perfons aggrieved may appeal.

Exception.

Cofts not to exceed 40 s.

No writ of Certiorari,

CAP.

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo GeoRGH II. c. 20.

CAP. XX.

An a8 f&t relief of fucb of bis Majefly* s loyal fubjefls, in that fori of Great Britain called Scotland, whofe title deeds and writings were dejlroyed or carried off by the rebels in the late rebellion.

WHEREAS a moft audacious and wicked rebellion was lately raifed and carried on againjl his Majefly in favour of a popifb pretender, and in profecution thereof many perfons affembled in a traiterous and hojlile manner, marched into feveral parts of this kingdom, took pojfeffion offeveral towns, and raifed contributions up~ on the country, ana committed many ravages and devajlations upon the tftates and effects of his Majefly s faithful fubjeds, in fupport of their rebellious infurreClion; and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, proceeded in a malicious, cruel, and barbarous manner\ ogainfl feveral of his Majefly s fubjeds, who diftinguifbed themfelves by tottrzeal ana loyalty to his Majefly s perfon and government at that critical juncture, by defraying or carrying off the rights and fecuri-ties of their lands and herstagesy and fry defireying or carrying off their Other writs and evident s, the inflrudions of the payment, and extinction of the debts and incumbrances, affecting their perfons and eflates, to the ruin of his Majejiys faid loyal fubjeds, and of their families and pojlerity, and to the dijcouragement of the like zeal and loyalty to his Majefly, and his royal fucceffors in future times, unlefs a proper remedy is provided by authority of parliament \ be it therefore enaltcd, isfe.

FcHbns in Scotland, who continued in their duty to his Majesty, and whole houfes were invaded by the rebels, may on or before i July, 1750. petition the court of feflion. The court of feflion to intimate'the fame ; andfammon perfons interefted. Execution of fummons to be recorded. The day of compearance etepfed, the court to take probation of the falts. Petitioner's oath to be taken. Original petitioner dying, the oath of his heirtobe admitted. Lords of the feflion, upon proof of the premifles, to decern the extrafts of the charters, See. to be valid as the originals. Court of feflion to make up the tenor of the difpofitions upon which the petitioner's infeftments proceeded, &c. Extracts of the charters. See. authored by the lords of feflion to be good in law. Perfons interefted may ob-to the authorizing the extraits. See. Claims to his Majesty, or any other perfons, preceding 1 Auguft, 1745,	the perfon or eftate of

any loyal fubjdts, whofe dwelling-houfes were invaded by the rebels, and wbofe writs were carried off or deftroyed, upon which no procels has been already commenced, or (hall not be brought on or before the 15th of’November, 1748, are difeharged, unlefs the claim be proved by the oath of the defendant. Determinations to be recorded. Amended by 21 Geo. c. 17.	N

51

Ei

CAP.



Digitized by

Antvo vicefimo Gborgii II. c.2r, 22.	£1747.

CAP. XXI.

An aB for bolding the fummer affixes, and feffions of tbepeaee9 for the county of Norfolk, in the city and county of Norwich, until a new Jhire boufe can be built for tbe faid county of Norfolk; and for building a new Jhire boufe on tbe caftle bill in tbe fame county; and for raijing money on tbe faid county for that purpofe.

WHEREAS the Jhire boufe of the county of Norfolk, late fituate on the caflle bill in the faid county, in which the fummer affixes, and general auarter feffions of the peace of and for the faid county, have been always holden, and other publick bufmefs of the fend county tranfafted, hath, by accident, been lately entirely burnt down : and whereas it is abfelutely neceffary, that a new Jhire houfe Jhould be cretted there for the purpofes aforefaid \ but the fame cannot be rebuilt, completed, and finijbed, againff the next fummer affixes to be holden for the faid county ^/Norfolk, which will be in the year of our Lord one tnoufand./even hundred and forty /even ; and there is no place fo convenient for the holding fuch fummer affixes, and the general quarterfeffions of the peace, and for tranfafting other publick bufmefs for the faid county ^Norfolk, as the city of Norwich, which lies in or near the centre of the faid county; but the faid city being a county of itfelf, diftind from the faid county of Norfolk, the faid affixes, or feffions of the peace for the faid county of ‘ Norfolk, cannot, by any law now in being, be held within the faid city and county of Norwich : and whereas the mayor, Jberiffs, citizens, and commonalty of the faid city of Norwich, in common council affembled, have confented to the holding of the faid affixes and feffions within the city and county ^Norwich aforefaid; be it therefore enabled, fafr.

The fummer aflizes, and feflioni of the peace for the countv of Norfolk to beheld at Norwich. The (hire houfe of Norfolk to be rebuilt. See. at the county charge. Quarter feflions to contra# for building.thereof. Money to be railed by a general rate.

CAP. XXII.

An aft for building a bridge crofs the river Thames* from the parifh of Walton upon Tnames in the county of Surrey, to Shepperton in the county of Middlefex.

Samuel Dicker efquire, im powered to build a bridge from Walton to Sbep-perton. Open paflage to be left for the water to pafs its feet. Burning orde-ftroying the bridge, or taking away, See. any of the works, felony. Pontage to be paid. For every coach, or other vehicle, drawn by 6 horfes, a a. by 4 horfes i s. 6d. by lefs than 4 horfes, 1 s. For every waggon, cart, or carriage drawn by 4 horfes or oxen, 1 s. 6d. and by left than four, 1 s. For every horfe, Scc. not drawing, id. For every foot paflenger, 1 q. For every drove of neat cattle, iad. perfeore. For every drove of calves, hogs, fheep, or lambs, 6 d. pv fcore. Tolls veiled in Mr. Dicker, to bo paid but once a day. Owners names to be fet on the outfide of every vefle), and the name of the town and parifh where he belongs. The bridge to be deemed extraparochial. Surrey and Middlefex exempted from repairing the bridge. Rights of tbe mayor and city of London laved.

CAP.

Digitized by LjOOQle

1747*1 Anno vicefimo Gborgii II. c. 23, 24.	53

CAP. XXIII.

An for repairing the road leading from Cirenceiter, im the county of Gloucciter, to Bird lip’s Hill, in the faid county.

Certain tolls granted for a 1 years,

CAP. XXIV.

An aft for the better fecuring the payment of Jbares of prizes taken from the enemy, to the royal bofpital at Greenwich; and for preventing the embezzlement of goods and flares belonging to the faid bofpital.

WHEREAS by an aft made in thirteenth year of his prefent ^Geai.c.*.

Mayefly's reign, intituled, An aft for the more effectual fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majesty’s Britijh fub-jefts in America j and for the encouragement of teamen to enter into his Majesty’s fervice, the foie intereft and property of and in all and every Jbip, vejfel, goods, and merchandizes taken from the Spaniards is given to the flag officers, commanders, and other offi-cers, feamen, marines, and foldiers on board every Jbip and vejffel of war tn his Majefly's pay, and privateer; (being firfl adjudged law-Julprize in any of his Majefly's courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his plantations tn America, or elfewhere) and divers rules and regulations are therein eflablijhed for the adjudication and condemnation of prices taken from the Spaniards; and by the faid aft a 4 bounty is given to the officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, or others, * that Iball have been aftually on board fuch of his Majefly's Jbip or flips of war, or privateer or privateer s, in any aft ion where any Jhip or flips of war, or privateer, Jhall be taken from the enemy, funk, burnt, or otherwife deflroyed: and whereas by an aft made tn the feventeenth year of his faid prefent Majefly's reign, intituled, An aft f7 Geo. a. for the better encouragement of feamen in his Majesty’s fervice,c* and privateers, to annoy the enemy; it was found necejfary, that the fame encouragement Jhould be given for the captors of French flips, vejfels, goods, and merchandizes, and the fame rules and regulations Jhould be obferved in the adjudication and condemnation of prizes taken from the French : and to the end that his Majefly's mofl gracious intentions might have full force and effeft, and for the better carrying on the faid war againfl France with vigour, and for the encouragement of the officers and feamen of his Majefly's Jhips of war, and the officers and feamen of all other Bntittxfkips and vejfels, having commiffions, or letters of marque; and for inducing all Britifh feamen, who might be in any foreign fervice, to return into this kingdom, and become ferviceable to his Majefly; and for the more ejfeftual fecuring and extending the trade of his Majefly's fubjefts, it was enabled, That theflag officers, commanders, and other officers, feamen, marines, and Joldiers on board every Jhip and vejfel of war in his Majefly's pay, Jhould have the foie intereft and property of and in all and every jbip, vejfel', goods, and merchandizesy which they had taken on or time the twenty ninth day of March, in the year of our lord one thousand feven hundred and forty four, or Jhould thereafter

E 3	takq

Digitized by

54	Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 24.	£1747.

talc (being firjl adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majefiy courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or bis plantations in America,^ elfewhere) to be divided in fuch proportions, and after fuch manner, as bis Majefiy,by his declaration bearing date the twenty ninth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, had ordered and directed, or in juch proportions, and after fuch manner, as his Majefiy, his heirs and futceffors, Jhould think fit to order and dire ft by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be iffued for that purpofe; and by the faid aft a bounty is likewife given to the officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, or others, that Jhall have been aftualfy on board fuch of his Majejlfs Jhip or /hips of war, or privateer' or privateers, in any aft ion where any Jhip or /hips of war, or privateers, Jhould be taken from the enemy , funk, burnt, or otherwife defrayed: and it was further enafted. That after the fale or fales of fuch prize or prizes as Jhould be taken from the enemy by any of his Majefiy s Jhips of war, publick notification Jhould be given by the perfons or agents appointed as thereby is dire fted, of the day appointed for* the payment of thefeveral Jbares of the captors afore faid; after which publick notification, if any mens Jbares Jhould remain in the hands of the perfons or agents appointed as aforefaid, either belonging to fuch men as Jhould be run from bis Ada-jcjiys fervice, or which Jhould not be legally demanded within three years \ then fuch Jhare or Jbares fo remaining in the perfons or agents hands, or belonging to fuch men as Jhould run from ins Majefiy1s fervice, Jhould go and be paid to the ufe of Greenwich Hofpital: and whereas by the above recited aft of the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefiy, theJhares of prizes belonging to run-menare notexpreflygranted to Greenwich Hofpital, whereby the faid hofpital lofeth the benefit of all fuch Jhares of run-men, of ana in all prizes taken from the Spaniards, on or fince the fourth day of January, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty nine, in Europe; and on or fince the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty, in any other part of the world j and form doubt may arife whether the Jbares of prizes belonging to men running from their Jhips, after adjudication and condemnation of fuch prizes, Jhall be forfeited by the faid claufe in tki faid lafi recited aft: for remedy whereof, and to the intent that all and every the Shares of prizes belonging to run-men, as well after as before adjudication and condemnation, and as well thofe taken from his Majesty’s enemies, on or fince the fourth day of January, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty nine, in Europe, and on or fince the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty, in any other part of the world, as thofe taken on or fince the twenty ninth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, may be given, and go to, and be paid to the ufe of Greenwich Hojpital aforefaid; be it enadted by the king’s moft excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and con-Perfons ferv- Tent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this ing on board prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame* the fleet, See, That no perfon or perfons who, on the fourth day of January, 17 39.4 ' *** m l^c y**r kord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty nine,

*

Digitized by L^ooQle

*747]

Anna vicefimo Georgii II, c. 24.

55-

or at any time fince did belong, or now does or do belong, or at any tune hereafter (hall belong, to any of his Majesty’s (hips or veflcls of war, or to any merchant (hip employed in his Majesty’s fervice, and hath or have, at any time heretofore, or (hall who (hall quit ’ at any time hereafter, run away, or withdraw him or themfelves their (hips, from the (hip or veflel by which any prize or prizes (hall be taken from any of his Majesty’s enemies, or otherwife from his Majesty’s fervice, before or after notification (hall be given by theperfons or agents appointed asaforefaid, of the day appointed for the payment of the feveral (hares to the captors of the (aid prize or prizes, (hall have, or be intitled to have or claim to forfeit their any intereft in, or benefit of the faid (hare or (hares of the faid claim, prize or prizes, or the bounty-money aforefaid, or any part thereof; but fuch (hare and (hares of (uctf prize and prizes, and to the ufe of bounty-money, (hall go and be paid to the ufe of Greenwich Greenwich Hofpital.	■	HofPital‘

II.	Provided always. That if any perfon or perfons (hall or share of the do run away, or withdraw him ,or themfelves from any fuch Prize money ftup or veflel as aforefaid, after notification given as aforefaid, th« agents he or they (hall only forfeit and lofe fuch part of his and their' ^^forfeited (hare and (hares of the faid prize and prizes, and bounty-money, on ^ or Ci as (hall be remaining in the faid agent or agents hanas, at the timeofhis and their running away, or withdrawing him or themfelves; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof

in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And as feveral perfons may have bought the fhares of prizes of run-men, for a confideration a great deal under the real value thereof which hath much encouraged feamen to quit and leave their

flips, and his Majejlfs fervice; be it ena&ed by the authority htthe° aforefaid, That the vendee or vendees, aflignee or alfigns of Jharcs of prizes fuch (hare and (hares, and bounty-money, or either of them, of run-men, • as is and are, or (hall be, on or before the firft day of June, in the'year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty (e-ven, bona fide actually bought and afligned, (hall, on the payments of the fame, be allowed the full confideratiohrmoney, he on or before and they really and bona fide gave for the fame, and intereft af- 1 June, 1747, ter the rate of five pounds per centum, which (hall have accrued [he^confidera due from the day of the payment of the faid confideration- tion-money, * money, to the time or times of payment of fuch (hare and and intereft, (hares, and bounty money, according to the dire&ion of this at 51. percent. ad, or the feveral ads herein recited, or any of them, and ho more; and that the furplus of the faid (hare and (hares, anc* t^e furplus of bounty-money, in the faid agents hands, after the real confi- foch (hares, deration and intereft for the fame (hall have been paid and fa- &c. to be paid tisfied, (hall be paid to the treafurer of the laid royal hofpital atto the treafu-Greenwicb, or his deputy or agent, for the ufe of the fame; and ^ichHofpital for the better ascertaining the whole and true fum of the con-	p

fideration-money bona fide paid, the vendee or aflignee of every fuch (hare of run-men now actually bought, if living, and if Affidavit to be dead, then his and their refpe&ive reprefentative and reprefen- made of the tttives to the beft of their knowledge and belief, (hall make an

E 4	affidavit	nCy paj^.

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo Georgir II. c. 24.

[*747*

and the time of executing the arguments.

Penalty on making falfe affidavits.

No bill of fide See. to be valid, where the confederation-money is not inferted, and attefted on qath.

Bilb of fale, &c. of prizes, made after 1 June, 1747, to be void.

Agents to pay the captors, Sec, their (hares, See* without regard to bills pf fale, Sec.

affidavit before fome or one of the judges of the courts of King's Bench, or Common Pleas, at Wefiminjlcr, or before fome or one of the barons of the Exchequer, or fome commiffioner of the fame courts in the country in Great Britain, and in any other parts of his Majcfty dominions, before fome or one of the judges of the courts ot law or equity there, or before fome other per-fon or perfons authorized by thofe courts to take affidavits, of the real confideration-money paid for the faid (hare or (hares, and of the true and real days and times of the execution of fuch affignments by the afligners thereof, and which affidavits fo fwom and taken, (nail be filed in the faid courts where fworn; and all perfons who (hall wilfully and corruptly fwear falfly in iiich affidavits, (hall be guilty of, and tried, and punifhed as for wil-ful and corrupt perjury; and that no bill of fale or affignment now made and executed, or which (hall be made and executed on or before the faid firft day of June, of the (hare and (hares of any prize or bounty-money to which fuch perfons as afore-faid are or (hall, before the (aid firft day of June, be intitled, (hall be deemed good and valid in law or equity, wherein the true or real fum and fums of money given and paid for fuch (hare and (hares to the faid captor or captors, vendor or vendors thereof, hath or have not been, or (hall not be inferted in the faid bill of fale or affignment before the execution thereof, and proved on oath in manner aforefaid.

IV.	And for the future preventing fuch impofitions on Teamen, marines, and foldiers, and thereby encouraging them to quit and leave their (hips, and his Majesty’s fervice $ and for better encouragement of feamen, marines, and foldiers to continue in his Majesty’s fervice, be it further enaded, That all and every bargain, fale, bill of fale, contrail, agreement, and affignment whatfoever, of, for, or concerning any (hare or (hares of any prize or prizes taken or to be taken from any of his Majesty’s enemies, by any of his Majesty’s (hips or vefiels of war, or by any merchant (hip employed in his Majesty’s fervice, or having letters of marque, or of, for, or concerning any (hare or (hares of any bounty-money given in and by the faid recited alls, where any (hip or (hips of war or privateers belonging to his Majesty’s enemies (hould be taken, funk, burnt, or other-wife deftroyed, which (hall at any time after the faid firft day of June, be made or entered into, (hall be, and is and are hereby declared to be void and of none effeU, to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever 5 any Jaw, ftatute, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	And the faid perfons, or agents for prizes, appointed as by the faid recited alls are direlled, are hereby refpellively authorized, direlled, and required to pay, or caufe to be paid to all fuch feamen, marines, and foldiers, as (hall appear in per-fon, or in their abfence to their lawful attornies, impowered by them refpellively, in the manner as is herein after direlled, or to the executors or adminiftrators of fuch feamen, marines, and fpldiers, or theif refpeltive attorney or attornies, duly authorizr

2

Digitized by v^ooQle

57

1747*1 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 24.

cd in fiich manner as is herein after directed, the refpeltive (hare or (hares of fuch prize or prizes, and bounty-money as aforefeid, refpeHively due to them, without regard to any bargain, fele, bill of fale, contrail, agreement, or aflignment whatsoever, hereafter to be made of, for, or concerning the fame.

VI.	And be it further enalted, That no letter of attorney, A^cr, from and after the faid firft day of June, made by any feaman, i747, letters * marine, or foldier, belonging to any of his Maiefty’s (hips or of attorney to vefleis of war, or to any merchant (hip in his Majesty’s fervice, bchIf,adc rcv0* or otherwife in the fervice of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, cab c*

or having letters of marque, or belonging to any privateer, or

by the executors or adminiftrators of any fuch feaman, marine,

or foldier, in order to impower and intitle any perfon or per-

fpns to receive any (hare or (hares of any prize or prizes, ,or

bounty-money as aforefiud, of any kind whatfoever now due,

or at any time hereafter to grow due to any feaman, marine, or .

foldier, (hall be good and valid, and fufficient for that purpofe,

unlefs fuch letter of attorney be made revokable, and for the

life of fuch (eaman, marine, or foldier making the fame, and and attefted

unlefs the feme be figned and executed before, and attefted by bX the cap*

the captain or commander, and one other of the warrant or tain* *c#

figning officers of the (hip t# which fuch feaman, marine, or

foldier making the feme (hall belong, or the clerk of the cheque

of one of his Majesty’s dock-yards, or the mayor or chief ma-

giftrate of fome corporation.

VII.	And whereas neither by the faid recited aft of the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty's reigny nor by the faid aft paffed in the feud Jeventeenth year of his faid Majefty, any fufficient provifton is . made to oblige fuch agents, or other perfons, to difcover and duly ac- . fount for the money remaining in their hands, due or to become due and payable to the faid hofpital: now, for the better and more ef-frtftual preferring and fecuring all fuch intereft and (hares of the faid prizes, given and granted by the above recited alts, or either of them, and hereby given and granted to and for the ufe of the faid hofpital, and for the more certain collelting and receiving the fame 5 be it enalted by the authority aforefeid, That A ^ &c# all and every perfon and perfons, agent and agents, and others, totranfrnit "an who have fold and difpofed of, or (nail hereafter fell or other- account to the wife difpofe of, any prize or prizes fo taken as aforefaid, or treasurer of which hereafter (hall be fo taken from any of his Majesty’s ene- Hofpital vyith-mies, (hall, within the fpace of three calendar months next jn 3pm0nths after the day to be appointed for the firft payment or diftribu- after the firit tion to the captors of fuch prize or prizes, made in purfuance payment, of of fuch publick notification, maka out and tranfmit, or deliver j£e Srizes** °f unto the treafurer of the faid royal hofpital at Greenwich for the p 1 rime being, or to fuch perfon or perfons as he (hall for that

purpofe depute or appoint, a true date and account in writing, tinder the hand or hands of fuch agent or agents, or perfon or ' perfons fo employed, of the produce of all fuch prize and prizes and of thc as aforefaid, together with an account of the payments of the payments of Several (hares ot the captors, sis (hall then have been really and the (hares.

bcoafftonsap*

Digitized by

Google

58	Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c.24.	[1747.

pointed to rt*bona fidt by him or them refpe&ively paid; and alfo that all and ceive bills for	every perfon	and perfons authorized and appointed by the faid

bounty, to	a<3s, or	prefent aft, to receive bills for the bounty granted

account* ** bY tbc ^ recited a&s, (hall, within the like fpace of three calendar months next after the day appointed for the firft payment or diftribution of fuch bills for the bounty as aforefaid, in like manner make out and tranfmit, or deliver to the treafu-rer for the time being of the faid hofpital, or to his fiifficient deputy, a true (late and account in writing, under his or their hand or hands, qf the payment and diftribution of fuch bills,* and fqrther,	that all and every perfon and perfons, agents, and

others, that	by virtue of the (aid a&s hath or have fold and dif-

pofed of, or that (hall hereafter fell or difpofe of any prize or prizes taken from the enemy, or which (hall at any time or times hereafter be taken from the faid enemy by any of his'Ma-jefty’s (hips or veflels of war, or that (hall receive or difpofe of Agents See. anY b^ or b^s ^or ^ounty> *fuch Perfon and perfons, agents, within \ and others, fo felling and difpofing thereof, (ball, within the months after fpace of three calendar months next after the expiration of the the expiration tcrm 0f three years limited by the faid adts, make out an exad limited* to*” account writing, of the produce of fuch prize and prizes, bill make out an and bills for bounty, as alfo of the payments of the feveral account of the (hares to the refpedtive captors, together with a true and juft produce of account, upon oath, to be taken before the treafurer of the faid v* ments of bo*pita* f°r time being, or arty other perfon or perfons by (bares; him for that purpofe deputed and authorized in writing, under * his hand and feal (which oath the faid treafurer of the (aid hot pital, and his fufficient deputy and deputies authorized as aforefaid, is and are hereby authorized and impowered to admini-fter) of all Aim and fums of money as (hall be then remaining in fuch agent or agents, or perfons cuftody, power, or poflef-

the fame with **on '* an(* at tbe ^ame time Oliver, or cau^e t0 be deliver-the fumt re- t0 the treafurer of the faid hofpital for the time being, or to maining in his fufficient deputy or agent, the faid accounts fo atteftedupoa their hands, oath as afdrefaid, together with all fuch remaining fum and fums rerofGreen- money* tber* le^ anc* remaining in his or their hands as wich Hofpital, aforefaid, taking from the faid treafurer, or his proper deputy &c.	or agent, his or their acquittance or acquittances for the fame.

'	VIII.	And be it further enadted. That all and every the per-

of ST* ^on Pcr^ons hereby diredled to tranfmit or deliver all or any the accounts before mentioned, who (hall negledt or refufe to tranfmit or deliver all or any fuch account or accounts to the treafurer of the faid hofpital, or his faid deputy or agent, within the times before limited and appointed, in manner and form as is herein before mentioned, or who (hall negledt or refufe to pay over all and every fuch fum and fums of money as (hall remain in his or their hand or hands, power, cuftody, or pofleffion, Difpofal of the a^tcr tbe tcrm tbree	to	be	accounted as aforefaid, (lull,

forfeitures. f°r every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds;

over and above the money then in fuch agents hands; one third part whereof (hall belong to his Majesty, and the remaining

59

1747*1 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. €.24*

ing two-thirds to the faid royal hofpital; to be recovered, with cofts of fuit, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record; in which no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That if any fraud, collufion, Perfons Conor deceit (hall be wittingly or willingly made, ufed, committed, yi&edof mak-pcrmitted, done, or fuffered, in making, dating, or balancing lnS falfc ac-any fuch accounts; then^very perfon or perfons who (hall be count8> thereof duly convidted, and his and their aiders and abetters, to forfeit iool. fhall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, over and above the penalties and punimments inflidted by this, or any other or former law, the fum of one 'hundred pounds; one third part Difpofal of the whereof to be to the ufe of his Majesty, and one other third to. forfeiture, the ufe of the faid. hofpital, and the other third to the informer

who fhall fue for the fame; to be recovered, with cofts of fuit, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of tccord; in which no eftoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

X.	And whereas by the above recited afts made in the thirteenth ^ Geo. 1.

and feventeento years of his faid prefent Majefty s reign refpeflively, c. 4. f. 15* as a further encouragement of the officers, Jeamen, marines, foldiers, *7 Gco* *• and others on board any of his Majesty s Jfhips of war, as alfo of pri- c’	’1 *

tHUeers, to attack, take, and deftroy any Jbips of force belonging to the

enemy, it was enabled, That there Jbould be paid by the treafurer of his Majesty's navy, upon bills to be made forth by the commifftoners of the navy, to be paid according to the courfe thereof without fee or reward, unto the officers, Jeamen, marines, foldiers, or others, that Jbould have been abluaUy on board fuch of his Majesty's Jbips of war, or privateer or privateers, in any aflim where any Jhip dr Jbips of war, or privateers, Jbould have been taken from the enemy, funk, burnt, or ntberwife deftroyed, five pounds for every man which was living on board any Jhip or Jbips fo taken, funk, burnt, or others wife deftroyed, at the beginning of the engagement between them, the numbers of fuch men to be proven by the oaths of three or more of the chief officers or men, which were belonging to the faid Jhip or Jbips of war, or privateers of the enemy, or belonging to any of them at the time of her or their being taken os prize, funk, burnt, or other* wife deftroyed, before the mayor, or other chief magiftrate of the port within any of his Majesty's dominions, whereuntoany prize, or officers, or men of fuch Jbips as were funk, burnt, or otberwife dejtroyed,

Jbould be brought, or before the Britifh conful, or vice conful, rejtding at any neutral p9rt, to which fuch prize, or officers, or men Jbould be brought, which oaths the faid mayor,, or other chief magiftrate of any fuch pert, or conful, or vice conful, were thereby impowered and required to adntinifter, and Jbould forthwith grant a certificate thereof, without fee or reward, directed to the commijftoners of the navy, upon producing which certificate to the commijftoners of his Majesty's navy, together with an authentick copy of the condemnation of Juch Jhip fo taken, or if fuch Jhip be funk, burnt, or otherwtfe deftroyed, on producing only a certificate jrotn the mayor, or other chief magiftrate, or

conful.

Digitized by

Google

60	Anno	vicefimo Georgii II. c. 24.'	[1747.

confute or vice confuly as aforefaidy the jaid commijfumers of his Ma-• jiffs navyy or fuch perfon or perfons as they jbould appoint for that purpofey jbould according to the courfe of the navyy within fifteen days make out bills for'the amount of juch bounty, directed to the treafurer of the navy, payable to, ana to be divided amongfi the officers y feameny marincSy and foldiers on board his Majefifs Jhips of wary in manner, for my ana proportion as by his Majefifs proclamation to be ijfued for that purpofe, jbould be direfted and appointed % and amongfi the ownersy officers, and feamen of any private vejfel9 or Jhip of wary in fuch manner and proportion as by an agreement in writing they jhould have entered into for that purpofcy jbould be directed: and whereas fome doubt has arijeny whether juch oathsy relating to the faid bounty-money, and the certificate thereon granted* could be aiminiflered and granted by any mayor or chief magiftrate, confuly or vice confuly of any porty other than the firfi port to which fuch prize or prizcSy or officers or men Jbould be firfi brought; and it has Jometimes happenedy that fuch oath and certificate could not he admimftered and granted at the firfi port whtre fuch prize or prizes* or officers or men have been brought, whereby the officerSy feamen, marinesy and foldiers of his Majefifs jbips and veffiels of wary privateer and privateerSy by which the Jhips of his Majefifs enemies have been takeny burnt, funky or otherwife defiroyedy cave been to-wl?ere an tally deprived of the benefit of the faid bounty-money: for remedy Sficate'cannot whereof, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in all be granted at fuch cafes, where fuch oath and certificate could not, or here-the firft port, after cannot be adminiftred and granted at the faid firft port, "*aX. k® fuch oath or oaths relating to any prize or prizes taken, or to be themariftrne ta^en> or to any fhips of his Majesty’s enemies funk, burnt, or ot any other, otherwife deftroyed, or hereafter to be funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, (hall and may be adminiftered and taken by and before the mayor or other chief magiftrate of any port within any of of his Majesty’s dominions, or by or before the Britijh conful, or vice conful, refiding at any neutral port, whereunto any prize or prizes, or officers or men of any lhips belonging to his Ma«* jefty’s enemies, as have beert, or (hall be taken, lunk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, (hall at any time hereafter be brought Proof to be	(proof being firft made by affidavit before fuch perfon	or per-

xnade °t their fonSj 0f the inability of making fudi oath or oaths, and	obtain-

makingthe *n8 cert*ficate> at the faid firft port) and the mayor, or oath, &c. in other chief magiftrate, conful, or vice conful, (hall thereupon the firft port, grant fuch certificate and certificates, as by the faid recited ads Certificate to are directed ; which certificate and certificates (hall be good and thereon.	effectualto all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were	granted

by the mayor, or chief magiftrate, conful, or vice	conful,

or the port to which fuch prize or prizes, officers or men as aforefaid, have been or (hall be firft brought 5 any thing in the faid recited ads to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith* (landing.

I* XI. And whereas by an all paffed in the eighteenth year of his pre-5,1 ’ *7m fent Majefifs reigny it was enabled. That all qnd every perfon and

ppfoos

Digitized by Google

1747*1 Anno vIceGmo Gborgii II. c. 24.	Ci

perfons who find the commencement of the prefent war againfi Spain, body or bad been, or then were, or thereafter Jhould he, appointed agent or agents for any prize or prizes taken by any Jbip or Jhips of war belonging to his Majefiy*, or for receiving the faid bounty-money, and which prize or prizes had been or Jhould be condemned in the high court of admiralty of England, Jhould exhibit, and caufe to be regifiered in the faid high court of admiralty, his or their refpec-the letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents (who had not already done the fame) and if any perfon or per-fins, fo as aforefaid appointed agent or agents (who bad not already done the fame) Jhould refufe or negleft fo to do on or before the firfi day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five \ or if any perfon or perfons thereafter to be appointed agent or agents for the pwrpojes aforefaid, Jhould refufe or neglefi to exhibit, and caufe to be regifiered in the faid high court of admiralty, his or their rejpettive letter or Utters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents as aforefaid, for the fpace of fix calendar months after fentence of ' condemnation of any prize Jhould be given in the faid high court of admiralty, for the care and difiribution of which he or they Jhall be appointed agent or agents; fuch perfon or perfons fo refufing or ne~ gkfiing, Jhall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them who Jhall fue for the fame, by action of debt, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, in which no ejfoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance,

Jhould be allowed: and whereas the laji above recited claufe does not extend the benefit of this regifiry, or require the agents of prizes in his MajeJly's plantations in America, or elfewhere, to exhibit, and caufe to be regifiered, their letters of attorney in the courts of admiralty there, as is done here in England; by which means the faid royal hofpital does not receive the whole benefit accruing to it from prizes, nor is the purpofe of making fuch letters of attorney evidence of the agency of fuch per fon or perfons, to whom the fame is made, in bis Majejty's courts of record, thereby fully anfwered ; be it there- A u tQ fore further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all and gifttr their iet>-every perfon and perfons, who fince the.commencement of the ters of attor-prefent war againft Spain and France refpedtively, has or have n*y *n tbe been, or now is or are, or hereafter (hall be, appointed agent il» or agents for any prize or prizes taken by any (hip or (hips, GrcatBritain, veflel or veflels of war, or by any merchant (hip or (hips em- before x Aug. ployed in his Majesty’s fervice, or having letters of marque, or 1747* for receiving the bounty-money by the faid recited adts granted, and which prize or prizes hath or have been, or hereafter fhall be condemned in the high court of admiralty in Great Britain, and *m Ameri-or in any of the courts of admiralty in any of his Majesty’s Ca, &c. Wore* plantations in America, or in any other of his Majesty’s domi- 1 Oft. 1747, nions, or elfewhere, (hall exhibit, and caufe to be regiftered in or where the the high court of admiralty in Great Britain, or in the refpedlive bccondeain-courts of admiralty in America, or in any other of his Majesty’s cd, dominions, or elfewhere, where the faid prize and prizes, and every of them, hath or have been, or (hall be condemned, appointing him or them agent or agents for the purpofes aforefaid.

Digitized by L^ooQle

within fix months after condemnation $

61	Anno	vjcefimo	Georgii	II. C. 24,	[1747.

faid, unlcfs he or they have refpe&ively done the fame; and if any perfon or perfons, fo as aforefaid appointed agent or agents

( who have not already done the fame) (hall refufe or negtaft o to do, on or before the firft day of Augujly one thouland feven hundred and forty feven, in Great Britain, and on or before the fir/i day of Oftobery one thou fand feven hundred and forty feven, in America, or other his Majesty’s dominions 5 or if any perfon or perfons, hereafter to be appointed agent or agents for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall refufe or negletft to exhibit, and caule to be regiftered in any of the courts of admiralty aforefaid, his or their refpe&ive letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents as aforefaid, for the fpace of fix calendar months after fentence of condemnation of any prize or prizes (hall be given in any of .the faid courts of admiralty, for the care and diftribution of which he or they (hall be appointed agent or agents; fuch perfon or perfons, agent or agents, refufing or negle&ing, (hall forfeit the fum of five hun-tmder penalty dred pounds; to be recovered by him or them who will fue for of 500U the fame, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, America^ or in any other of his Majesty’s dominions, or elfewhere; in which no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law9 or more than one imparlance, fliall be allowed.

XII. Provided always. That if any agent or agents (hall be appointed after the time any fentence of condemnation in any f of the faid courts of admiralty (hall be given, fuch agent or a-to°regi(lerriZe* g^ts (hall, under, the aforefaid penalty, regifter, or caufe to be their letters of regiftered, in manner aforefaid, his or their refpedtive letter or attorney with- letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents as m fix months, aforefaid, within the fpace of fix calendar months after the date c*	of his or their faid letter or letters of attorney.

Regifters in XIII. And be it further cnadfced by the authority aforefaid, the courts of That the regifter or regifters of all 4nd every the court and admiralty in courts of admiralty in any of his Majesty’s plantations in America, foafl^ari &c* or elfewhere, in any other of his Majesty’s dominions, (hall, a year y yearly and every year upon the twenty third day of Ottobery or within three calendar months next after the fame, make out and tranferibe true copies of all and every fuch letter and letters of attorney, as (hall be fo regiftered in the faid court or courts, to wt)ich the judge and judges of the faid court and courts (hall ix his and their feal of offic

Agents appointed alter condemna-

tranlcribe all letters of attorney regiftered in luch courts, Stc. and tranfmit the (amt to the treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital j

affix

ice; and then the faid regifter f the

and

faid

regifters (hall tranfmit the fame to the-treafurer 01 royal hofpital at Greenwich, to be there regiftered, and to be in-fpefted by any perfon gratis; the charges of which copies, and affixing the feal or Teals thereto, and tranfmitting the fame to the treafurer of the faid hofpital, (hall be paid by the faid agent or agents, at the time of making fuch regiftry as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch regifter or regifters (hall negle<ft or refufe to tranferibe and tranfmit fuch copy and copies of the faid letter and letters of attorney, in manner aforefaid (any (hip or (hips in that time failing from fuch port or place, to any port or ports in

Grea

4

Digitized by L^ooQle

1747'] Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 24.	63

Great Britain) fuch regifter and regiftcrs fo negletftfng or refilling, (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be reco- Penalty 500I. vend by him or them who will fue for the fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain or America, or in any other of his Majesty’s dominions, or elfewhere ; in which no eflToin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XIV.	And for the more effectual making fud> letters of at- Copies of the torney evidence of the agency of the perfon or perfons to whom letters of at-the fame are made, be it further enacted by the authority afore-

faid, That true copies of fuch letter and letters of attorney, and §^eCV1" of tranferipts, under feal, tranfmitted by the faid regifter or re-gifters of the court and courts of admiralty of his Majesty’s plantations in America, and elfewhere within hisMajefty’s dominions, and regiftered by the faid treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital,

(hall, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, be good and fufficient evidence of the agency of the perfon or perfons to whom fuch letter of attorney is or fhiirbe made, and from time to time, and at all times hereafter (hall be admitted, without further or other proof .thereof, to be legal evidence in all his Majesty courts of record of law or equity; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XV.	And whereas feveral of the agents for ffiizrs bav-*, fnee the twenty ninth day of March, one tkoufmd fci hundred and forty four, been vexatioufty fued by perfons who have been made run in the lifts of the names of the officers, jeamen, marines, foldiers, or others who were actually on board fuch of his Majesty*s Jhips or veffiels of % war, at the taking of fuch prize or prizes, and which faid lifts were duly certified after the condemnation of fuch prize or prizes, and tranfmitted to the faid agents, though the plaintiffs in fuch fuits. biew> that by the feveral abls of parliament herein before recited, and paffed in the thirteenth and Jeventeenth years of his prefent Majefty ± their refpeblive Jhares of fuch prizes were forfeited by their running away from the fervice, and granted to the ufe of Greenwich Hofpital, and that the faid agents are but the receivers there-

of, and have the care and cuftody of the monies arifing by fuch Jhares, to and for the benefit of the faid hofpital, till the end of three years limited by the faid abls, and within three calendar months after the expiration of which three years the faid agents are obliged by the faid ahs to account for, and pay over the fame to the ufe of the faid ho ft pitaly under certain penalties in the faid a bis contained; which faid run-men very often commence thefe fuits before all the times appointed for the payment of the faid Jhares are expired, and being generally paupers, they often difeontinue the faid fuits, and abfeond, whereby the find agents are put to great cojts in the defence of the fame, and have no means of recovering the fame, and therefore dedubl fuch cofts out of the monies arifing from fuch Jhares, remaining in their bands, at the time of their accounting with, and paying it to the treafurer of the fhid hofpital, or his deputy, who are not authorized by the faid aBs to aUow the fame; nor can the governor and directors of the

faid

Anno vicefimo Georgii II.

by perfons made run.

till 3 months after the 3 years limited, unleft certificates be firft obtained of

c.24.	[*747*

faid hofpital enter into the defence of the faid fuits, whiljl the faid monies remain in the faid agents hands, till it becomes payable to the Agents not li- faid hofpital, according to the directions of the faid aCls; be it there-abfeto be fued forc enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no agent or agent9 v ner on* {^all ^ liable to be fued, impleaded, or arrefted, bv any perfon or perfons who (hall hereafter be made run from nis Majefty’s fervice, in the faid lifts tfanfinitted to them of the names of the officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, or others intitled to fuch (hares, till the^nd of three months next after the expiration of three, years, limited t?y the adts aforefaid, unlefs the perlbn or perfons fo made run, mall obtain a certificate, before any adtion brought, from the commiftioners of his Majesty’s navy, who fubferibed and tranfmitted the faid lifts, the faid agent or agents, thfc R's being or fome of them, or their proper officer or officers, that the R taken off, &c. or g*s arc taken off, and the forfeitures of fuch (hare or (hares difeharged, and the faid agent or agents, on the producing fuch certificate or certificates, (hall refufe to pay the fame, in cafe the fame be due and payable, according to the diredtions in his Majesty’s faid declaration, within two months after demand made on fucli certificate.

XVI. And whereas feveral of the common penftoners and nurfes in the faid royal hofpital of late have pawned or otherwife difpofei of the wearing clothes, linen, and other goods delivered to them to wear and ufe, during their being penftoners or nurfes of the faid bof-pital, and continuing therein, and put the faid hofpital to great charge in redeeming or purchaftng the fame, and are much encouraged by pawnbrokers and other ill-difpo/ed perfons, for lucre's fake, fo to do, though they know the perfon or perfons who pawn or fell fuch clothes and linen, by the colour, make, and marks of and in the faid clothes and linen, have no abfolute or legal interejl or property in the fame; and that the faid penftoners and nurfes do often defert and run away from the faid hofpital, and carry away their clothes and linen with them: therefore for preventing fuch practices for the future, be P rf t kin eila<^e<* by the authority aforefaid. That if any pawnbroker c ons a g or other perlon or perfons (hall take to pawn, buy, exchange, or receive, any clothes, linen, or other goods or ftores belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or to the governor and diredtors of the faid hofpital, appropriated to ana for the wear of the faid penftoners or nurfes during their continuance in the faid hofpital, or belonging thereto, and to the ufe of the faid hofpital, from any of the faid penftoners, nurfes, or other or changing perfon or perfons upon any account or pretence whatfoever, or the colour, or caufe the colour of fuch clothes, linen, or goods to be changed, marks, to for- or the marks thereon to be taken out or defaced, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of five pounds upon convidlion thereof, by the oath of one or more crtdible witnefs or witnefles, before any of his Majesty’g juftices of the peace of the county wherein the faid offence or offences (hall be committed j which penalty or penalties of five pounds (hall be levied by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals of the faid juftice or juftices of the peace, by

to pawn clothes, &c. belonging to the hofpital.

feit 51.

Digitized by v^rOOQle

1747*3 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 24*	65

diftrefs arid fale of the goods arid chattels of the faid offender or to be levied by offenders j one moiety of which faid penalty or penalties (hall diftrefs and be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety (hall la e* go and be paid to the ufe of the faid hofpital ; and in cafe any Difpofal of the nich offender or offenders, who (hall be convifted as aforefaid, forfeiture, of having bought, exchanged, received, or taken in pawn any For want of fuch clothes, linen, or other goods or (tores as aforefaid, or of diftrefs of-having caufed the colour of fuch clothes, linen, or goods to be commit^dfor changed, contrary to the intent of this aft, (hall not have fuf- 3 months j firient goods and chattels, whereon diftrefs may be made, to the value of the penalty or penalties recovered againft him, her, or them, for fuch offence or offences, or (hall not pay fuch penalty or penalties within four days after fuch conviftion, then, and in fuch cafe, fuch ju(tice of the peace (hall and may, by warrant under his hand and feal, either commit fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county where fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of three months, or caufe fuch or offender or offenders to be publickly whipt, at the diferetion of nckly whipt. fuch juftice ; and that if any penfioner, or nurfe of the faid hofpital, (hall defert or run away frrim the fame, and carry a- PenfI0ncr? or way with them any clothes, linen, (tores, or goods delivered to offwftifThe^ him, her, or them, to wear and ufe, whilft they, or any of hofpital them, was or were penfioners or nurfes of or belonging to the clothes, &c. laid hofpital, or any other clothes, goods, or (tores belonging thereto; fuch perfon or perfons being lawfully convifted there- months.* of, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or wit-nefles, (hall be committed to the common gaol or houfe of cor-reftion, where he, (he, or they (hall be apprehended, for the fpace of fix months, without bail or mainprize.

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, pcrfo«8 f“cti That if at any time or times hereafter, any perfon or perfons ££thls (hall be fued for any matter or thing done in the execution of this aft, or if the governor, mafter, lieutenant governor, directors, captains, or any other officers of the faid royal hofpital at Greenwicby commonly called the officers of the houfe, who now are, or at anv time hereafter (hall be concerned in the government of the faid hofpital or houfe, or any fteward, mini-fter, fervant, or agent, employed or to be employed by the governor, mafter, lieutenant governor, or direftors, in collefting or receiving the rents and revenues of the faid houfe, or in any other matter or thing relating to the faid houfe, or any or either of them, lhail be fued for any matter or thing done in the exe-cutioax>f this aft, or in any wife relating to the faid hofpital or houfe, fuch governor, mafter, lieutenant governor, direftors, captains, and officers of the faid houfe, and their ftewards, mi-nifters, fervants, and agents, and each and every of them, (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence ; and if upon trial the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be- to plead the come nonfuit, or if a verdift (hall be given againft him or them, ScliCral ,ffue# the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble his and their Treble cofts* Vor.. XIX.	F	cofts

by V^rOOQle

66

Anno vlcefimo GeoRGII II. c. 25,—3O.	[ 1747.

cofts of fuit, and may levy the lame by execution, to be awarded out of the court, where fuch action or a&ions (hall be brought.	v

CAP. XXV.

•

An aft for repairing the high road leading from the town of Stockton upon Tees, to Darlington, and from thence through Winfton to Bar-surd Cattle, in the fame county.

Certain toils granted for it years. Enlarged by t% Geo. *. c. 51.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft for reviving and continuing an aft patted in the ttxth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An adfir laying a duty of two penny Scots, or one fixtb part of a penny jferlingt upon every Scots pint of beer or ale vended or fold within the town of Bruntifland\ and liberties thereof for increafmg the pubUck revenue of the [aid town, and for other pwrpofes therein mentioned.

He ad 6 Geo. a. c. 8. revived and continued fir years.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for founding and building a chapel in Wednesfield, in the parifh of Wolverhampton, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for repairing the road leading from Gatherick Bridge in the county of York, to Yarm in the laid county; and from thence to Stockton in the county of Durham; and from thence through Sedgefield, in the faid county of Durham, to the city of Durham.

Certain tolls granted fir 1 x years.

CAP. XXIX.

An aft to confirm an agreement made by the reftor and veftrymen of the parifh of Saint James within the liberty of Weftiflinfter, for enlarging the churchyard of the (aid parifh, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

CAP. XXX.

An all for allowing	pe impeached of high ,

whereby any corruption of blood may be made, or for mif-prifton offuch	treafon, to make their full defence by council.

WHEREAS it is thought	that perfons impeach-

ed by the houfe of commons of high treafon, whereby any corruption of blood is made, or for	of	fuch treafon,

havt the fame benefit and advantage in making their defence, as they may have on indictments, or other profecutitns: the commons therefore humbly pray your Majefty that it may be ena&ed,. and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-Council al- thority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of June. lowed to per. “t the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty ibm impeach- feven, all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who (hall cd of high be impeached by the commons of Great Britain of any high treafon, whereby any corruption of blood may or (hall be made

1747*3 Anno vicefimo Gtonon ir. c. 31,32.

to any fuch offender or offenders, or to any the heir or heirs of any (uch offender or offenders, or for mifprifion of fuch trea-fon, (hall be received and admitted to make his or their full defence by council learned in the law, not exceeding two council, who (hall be afiigned for that purpofe, on the application of the party or parties impeached, at any time after the articles of impeachment (hall be exhibited by the commons.

CAP. XXXI.

An a€t for continuing the term and enlarging the powers granted by an a& paired in the twelfth year of his late Majeity's reign, intituled, Am aB far repairing and widening the roads from the city of Gloucester to tke city of Herejordj and for repairing other roads in the county ot Gloucefter.

tTbe aft 11 Geo. i. e. 13. continued for 11 years.

CAP. XXXII.

An aft for uniting the two colleges of Saint Salvator and Saint Leonard, in the univerfity of Saint Andrews, pursuant to an agreement for that purpofe.

WHEREAS the college of Saint Salvator, in the univerfity of Saint Andrews, confifes of a provojl or principal mafeer, three prof effort of philofophy, a profeffor of Greek, and a profeffor of humanity, with fmall falar'm annexed to each profefforfhip; and Saint Leonardcollege in the fame univerfity is lihwife compofed of a principal mafter, three profejfor s of philofophy, a profeffor of Greek, and a profeffor of humanity, who teach the fame arts and fciences, and the faid colleges have different large fabricks and rents and emoluments under feparate managements: and whereas the parliament of Scotland, in confederation of the low condition of the revenues of this and the other univerfeties, and of the mean and incompetent provifeotis of the mafeers and prof effort thereof\ and from a defire of giving all due encouragement to thefe feminaries, did, by an aft of parliament dated the tenth day of September, one thoufand fix hundred and fe-•venty two, grant the feipends and benefices of churches that fhould happen to be vacant for feven years next enfving the date of the faid aft, to be employed for the ufe of the faid 'univerfeties and colleges, the proportion zvhereof allocated to the faid two colleges being no more then fourteen pounds, thirteen Jhillings, and four pence yearly \ and the faid parliament 0/* Scotland, confiiering the fmall and incompetent provifions and falaries then pojfeffed by the mafeers and prof effort of his majefey's famous and ancient univerfity of Saint Andrews, did, for encouragement and advancement of learning, by another a ft of the feventeenth 0/* September, one thoufand fix hundred and eighty one, enaft and ordain, that half a month's cefs fhould be impofed upon the land rent in Scotland, to be paid in and flocked for the ufe of the faid univerfity of Saint Andrew s, and divided in its juft proportions to the fiveral mafeers and profeffors in the feveral colleges therein, by the advice of his Majefey's privy council, from which the fum of one hundred and feventeen pounds, fourteen Jhillings, and four pence, yearly, arifes to the faid two colleges: and whereas bis late majefey King William was graciouflfyleofcd, by a grant bearing date the twenty ninth day of April, one thoufand fix hundred

F 2	and

68

Annovkeftmo Gboroii II. c.32.	[*747.

and ninety five, to grant to the jaid principals, prof effort, and majters in the jaid univerjity of Saint Andrews, and to their fucceffors in office* the yearly fum of three hundred pounds, out of the rents and revenues of the hijbopricks in Scotland, and to be applied and difiribitted a-ntong them in manner therein mentioned, to commence from Whit-funday, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety jour, and to continue in time coming, ana tb be paid yearly to the favors of the feveral colleges of the laid univerjity for the time being, for the ufe and behoof of the faidprincipals, profeffors, and others, in manner therein appointed, of which the fum of one hundred and forty pounds was tBe Jhare allocated to the principals and profeffors 0} the faid two colleges of Saint Salvator and Saint Leonard : and whereas his prefent Ma-jefly was gracioujly pleafed, from his pious and princely zeal for the good and four ijbing(late of the faid univerfity of Saint Andrews, by his royal grant bearing date the ninth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty nine, to grant to the feveral principals and profeffors in the faid univerfity, and to their Jucceffors in office, the yearly fum of two hundred and ten pounds, to be difiributed in manner therein fet forth, to be placed on the efiablijbment for civil affairs, in that part of the united kingdom, to commence from Chriftmas, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, and from thenceforth to be paid and accounted for to the faid feveral principals and profeffors, and their fucceffors in office, during his Majejlfs pleafure; of which the fum of one hundred and fifty feven pounds,fixteen Jhillings, and eleven pence, and one third of a penny, was the /bare allocated to the principals and profeffors of the faid two colleges lajl mentioned: and whereas the prefent Jalaries payable to the majlers and profeffors of the faid two colleges are as follows, viz. to the provojl or principal of Saint Salvator’; college, the yearly fum of eighty three pounds, fix Jhillings, and eight pence, including the fum of eighteen pounds, as bis Jhare of his prefent Majejly's faid bounty; to the three profeffors of philofophy and profeffor of Greek, the yearly fum of forty fix pounds each, including the fum of eleven pounds, one /hilling, and fix pence halfpenny, as the jhare for each of his Majejly's faid bounty; to the profeffor of humanity, the yearly fum of thirty nine pounds, fourteen Jbiuings and fix pence, and one third of a penny, including the fum of eleven pounds, one Jhilling, and fix pence halfpenny, as bis /bare of the /aid bounty \ to the principal ofSaint Leonard'; college, the yearly fum of one hundred and thirty pounds, two Jhillings, and five pence, and onefixth of a penny, including the fum of eighteen pounds, as his /bare of the faid bounty; to the feveral profeffors in the fame college, the fame falaries rcfpellively, with the correfpondent profeffors in the faid college of Saint Salvator, and including the like Jums, as their fveral fares of the faid bounty; to the profeffor cf mathcmaticks, the yearly fum of fixty one pounds, including the fum of eleven pounds, one /hilling ana fix pence halfpenny, as his /hare of the faid bounty; and to the profeffor of medicine, the yearly fum of fifty pounds : and whereas the reve nues of the faid two colleges have, from time to time, been dimini/hed by various accidents, and particularly by augmentations of (Upends, out of the tithes of certain pari/hes which were anci-- jnfly appropriated to the faid two colleges, whereby, and by means

whereof

1747*1 Anno viccfimo Georgii II. c. 33, 34.

whereof \ the monies arifing from the ancient and late grants made to the faid unherfityy is not more than Jufficient to fatisfy and difcharge the faid fmall falaries, and other incident expencesy and there is no fund fujficient to maintain or fupport the fabricks of the faid colleges: and whereas the prefent majlers and profejfors in both the faid colleges, taking into their confederation, that the meannefs of the prefent fala-ries will difeourage men of learning and abilities from accepting of vacant profejforJhipSy and that in the prefent ruinous feate and condition of one of tte fabricksy the fame cannot be repaired or Jupported without an expence far exceeding what the publick funds of the faid college can afford; and conceiving it to be proper, when they cannot immediately apply a full remedy to this growing evily at leaf to attempt laying a foundation which hereafter may fupport this finkingy though once fiou-rijhing univerfityy and give hopes of rejloring it again to its former 4 lufere; and after mature deliberationy finding no expedient more probable than the uniting of the faid two collegesy and their rents and revenues under one common management, and uniting alfo the corre-fpondent profefforfbips in the faid two collegesy as the fame Jhall become vacant by death or refegnation \ the faid prefent mafeers and pro-feffors in both the faid collegesy have therefore come to an agreement 1 to unite and incorporate the faid two colleges y upon fuch terms as they conceive may be of general publick benefity and tend to promote the advancement of learning and better education bf youth in the faid ancient univerfety: but as fuch union cannot be effected without the aid and authority of an afi of parliament; may it therefore pleafe your raoft excellent Majefty, upon the humble petition of David .

Youngy profeffor of philofophy, in behalf of himfelf, and of the provoft and principal mailers and profeHors in the faid colleges of Saint Salvator and Saint Leonardy in the faid univerfity of Saint Andrew'sy that it may be enabled, &c.

Tbe two colleges of St Salvator and St. Leonard united. The lands, &c. belonging thereto, put under the management of a principal and matters.

The funds for the falaries to be one common ftock The fevera) powers,

&c. of the colleges referved. Perfon* appointed to be the principal, and profefTors of the united college. His Majelly’s bounty made revocable at pleafure. Privileges granted to the principal of the united college.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft to enable the parifhioners of the parifh of Saint Andrew, Holbom, in tbe city of London and county of Middlefex, to purchafe a convenient piece of ground, for an additional burying ground, for the ufe of the faid paritli; and to enable the faid parifhioners to raife fuch fuifl and films of money as fhall be necefTary for that purpofe.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aS to enable bis MajeJly to allow to tbe	legatees of Sir Jofeph Jekyll	knight, late mafter of tbe ,

deceaftd, fart of tbe legacy given by bis will to tbe ufe of tbe Sinking Fund.

WHEREAS by an ail made in tbe twelfth year of the reign ti	a.

of King Charles the Second,	intAn a<51 iinpowering 36.

the maucr of the rolls for the time being to make lcafes for

F 3	ycart,

Anno vicefirao Georgii II. c. 34.	[1747.

years, in order to new build the lold houfes belonging to the

rolls, reciting, That the manjton-koufe, ground,	tenements,

the appurtenances, belonging to the mafter of the rolls, as mafter of the rolls, raw* much out of repair,	w/ capable of improvement»

in regard the former majlers of the rolls were not enabled to grant fuch leafs, and for fuch terms, might encourage tenants to build and to repair, if j enabled, That the mafter of the rolls for the time beings and his fuccejfors, majlers of the rolls, Jbould have goad right, full power, lawful authority, during the time he or they Jbould continue majlers of the rolls, by writing indented, under hand find feal, to grant and make leafs for one and forty years, or for any lejfer term, to commence from the making of any fuch leafs, of all and fmgular the premijfes, or any part thereof (the chapel of the rolls, with a convenient manfion-houfe, court-yard, garden, Jlable, coach-houfe, and other out-houfes and buildings, fit for the ufe and habitation of the mafter of the rolls only excepted) and that Jiuh leafy and leafs fo to be made, Jhould be good (tnd effectual in law, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch mafter of the rolls for the time beings as Jhould fo make the fame, had been Jeifed of the tremffes of a good eftate in fee-fimple, in which aft there is a provifo, That tie mafter of the rolls for the time being, or any fucceeding mafter of the rolls, after the premises had been once letten, according to the power given as aforefaid, Jhould not make or grant any new or concurrent leaf, until within feven years of the expiration of the leaf then in being, nor for any lejfer rent than was referved upon the former leaf, nor for any longer term, than for the term of twenty one years from the making fuch new leaf: and whereas Sir Harbottle Grimfton baronet, mafter of the rolls, did, by virtue of the powers given to him by the faid aft as mafter of the rolls, grant building leafes of part of the faid ground belonging to the rolls, for the term of forty one years, and other leafs of other parts thereof, for the term of twenty one years: and whereas Sir Jofeph Jekyll knight, deceafd, was by Utters patent, under the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date the thirteenth day of July, in the third year of the reign of his late ma-jefty King George the Firft, appointed mafter of the rolls, and foon after fuch his appointment, finding the houfs built on the ground belonging to the rolls, in a ruinous condition, did, from time to time, rebuild feveral of the faid houfes in a fubftantial manner, and at a very great expence, and afterwards granted leafs of the faid ground and houfes, for the term of forty one years. in truft for himf If\ conceiving that he was impowered by the faid aft to grant fuch leafes: and whereas the faid Sir Jofeph Jekyll died on or about the nineteenth day of Auguft, in the year of our Lord one„ thoufand feven hundred ana thirty eight, and by bis lajl will and teftament, in writing, bearing date the fourth day of May, in the faid year, bequeathed feveral pecuniary legacies and annuities for life, to feveral of his relations, and direfted that the Eaft India and South Sea (lock, which he Jhould be pojfejjed of at the time of his death, Jhould not be transferred, or altered by his executor, during the life of dame Elizabeth bis+wife (who is fence alfo deccafed) but after her death, be gave his faid Eaft India and -South Sea flock to bis Majefty, his 6	[heirs

1747-1 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 34.

heirs unifucceffors, Kings or Queens ^England, to be applied to the ufe of the Sinking Fund, in fuch manner, as Jhould be directed by ab of parliament; and all the rejl and rejidue of his ejlate, both real and perfonal, he gave and devtfed unto Thomas Jekyll, John Jekyll, Jofeph Jekyll, Edward Jekyll, Richard Blackett JekylU Mary Jekyll, and Hannah Jekyll, children of John Jekyll, late t/’New England, deceafed, and to Jofeph Jekyll grocer, toe fon of Thoma? Jekyll, and to Nicholas Roberts, Thomas HefteiyTry-phena Baldwin, and Tryphofa Sanders, and to their heirs, executors and adminifirators, as tenants in common; and he appointed the faid Jofeph Jekyll executor of his with, and he atfo gave his faid executor power to renew leafes, from time to tirtfe, of the houfes held of the mafter of the rolls, with bis fucceffor or fucceffors, mafiers of the rolls for toe time being: and whereas the faid Sir Jofeph Jekyll did before, and till the time of his deaths Jhew great affeflion and regard for feveral of bis relations, whom he fo made reftduary legatees by bis faid will, and feveral times exprejfed his intention to make a competent provifion for their fupport, and f&r that end andpurpofe devifid to them all the ref due of his real and perfonal eflate, in manner as before-mentioned: and whereas it having appeared fence the death of the faid Sir Jofeph Jekyll, that the ground belonging to the reus whteh he demifed together with the mejfuages built thereon for the term of forty one years, were demifable for the term of twenty one years only, the (aid reftduary legatees wet'e neceffitated to enter into an agreement with John Vemey e[quire, deceafed, late mafier of the rods, by which agreement all the faid leafes granted as afor faid, for the term of forty one years, were to be cancelled, and the faid John Verney was to execute for the ben ft of the faid reftduary legatees, other leafes of the [aid mejfuages, for the term of twenty one years, and by reafon of Juch agreement the value of the ejlate bequeathed to the faid legatee, is fo reduced, that fraeral of them will be expofed to indigence and difrefs, unlefs fame relief be granted to them by parliament ; therefore we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, having taken the premiffes into confideration, do moft humbly befeech your moft excellent Majcfty, that it may be ena&ed; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and Mr.Jekyllper-with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, nutted to raife and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the 13,5811.98.*d. authority of the feme, That it (hall and may be lawful for his™*0^tbcEaft Majefty, bis heirs and fucceffors, by warrant or order under his or their fign manual, to permit the faid Jofeph Jekyll, his execu- stock, eiven cutors, adminiftrators, or affigns, to fell fo much of the Eaft by Sir Jofeph India and South Sea flock, devifed as aforefaid, as will enable	the

him or them to raife for the benefit of the faid refiduary lega- sinkingFundi tees, the fum of thirteen thoufand five hundred eighty two B pounds, nine shillings and two pence; which faid fum or thir- to be applied teen thou fend five hundred eighty two pounds, nine (hillings, a« Sir Jofeph and two pence, (hall be applied by him or them in the fame Jchyll’a eifate. manner, as the real and perfonal eftate of the faid Sir Jofeph Jekyll i$, by his faid will, directed to be applied.

F4	CAP

[‘74 7

7*

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 35,36.

Preamble,

cap. xxxv;

An aft to indemnify perfons who have omitted to regifter their letter* of attorney, appointing them agents for prizes, within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that pnrpofe. EXP.

‘Time given to i Aug. 1747.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for granting to bis Majefty a certain fum of money out of the Jinking fund, for the fervice of the year one tbonfand feven hundred and forty feven ; and alfo for enabling bis Majefty to raife a further fum of money for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned \ and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament \ and for applying a certain fum of money, jor defraying the charge of the allowances to feveral officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horfe guards, ,>nd three regiments of horfe, lately reduced, for the year one thousand feven hundred and forty feven, end for continuing the bounties on the exportation of Britifh and Irifh coarfe linens.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

\X7JL your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts the W commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being deftrous to raife the neceflary fupplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majefty in this feffion of parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, in the eafieft manner we are able, for the benefit of your Majefty’s fubjefts, and alfo to ufe fuch ways and means therein, as that your Majefty may have the better and more fpeedy effedfc of the faid fupplies, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the fum of one million, out of the furplufles, ex-ceffcs,and overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund: and to that end and purpofe do moft humbly bcfeech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed, and be it ena&cd by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

Sarliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That y or out of fuch monies as now arc, or (hall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the faid furplufles, excefles,or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund (after paying or referving fuflicient to pay all fuch fum and fums of money as have been diredted by any former adt or adts of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there (hall and may be ifliied and applied, a fum not exceeding the faid fum of One million onc m*Uton, for and towards the fupply granted to his Majesty granted out of for the fervice of the faid year one thoufand feven hundred ana the Sinking forty feven; and the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury. Fund. or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer,

or

Digitized by Google

73

1747*] Anno vicefimo GeorGII II. c. 36.

or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the lame accordingly.

II.	And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Claufe of loan in cafe the faid commiflioners ot his Majesty’s treafury, or any at t* three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or anyrwr/*

three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall think it advifeable to raife the faid fum of one million, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein after mentioned, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the faid fum of one million, upon the credit ot the faid furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund; and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, intereft after a rate not exceeding four pounds pa' centum per annum, fo as fuch loans be allowed to be made by the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more ot them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to iflue their warrants for that pur-pofe as fad as fuch loans (hall be wanted for thepublick fervice; and moreover that no money fo to be lent on the fccurity of this aft (hall be rated or aflefled to any tax or afleflinent what-foever.

III.	And be it further enadted, That all and every perfon— ...	.

and perfons who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this^J^J^ ad as aforefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exche- repayment, quer, (hall immediately have a tally or loan (truck for the fame,

and an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the (5me date with his, her, or their tally, in or upon which order (hall be alfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the forbearance thereof, not exceeding tne faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and all fuch orders for repayment 0rdcrf ot money fo to be lent (hall be regiftred in courfe according toregifter’d, and the dates refpedtively; and that all and every perfon and per- paid in courfe, fons (hall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall (land regiftred in the faid regifter books, fo as the perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftra-tors, or afligns, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders firft entered in the faid books of regifter, (hall be taken and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the faid furplufles, exceflfes, or overplus monies; and he, (he, or they, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, (hall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceflively and in courfe; and that the monies to come in, of, or for the faid furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, as aforefaid, (hall be in the fame ordtr liable to the fatisfadlion of the faid refpec-

tivo

No fee for

regittering,

&c.

74	Anno	viecfimo Georgn JI. c* 36.	[1747.

tive perfons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns refpe&ively, without undue without any undue preference of one before another, and not preference, otherwife; and (hall not be diverted or divertibJe to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever (other than fuch ufes and

nofes as are appointed by any other a eft or a&s of parliament at behalf as aforefaid ;*) and that no fee, reward, or gratuity direeftly or indirectly fhall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty’s fubjeefts for providing or making of any fuen books or regifters, or any entries, views, or fearches in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof as aforefaid, by any of his Majesty’s officer or officers, their clerks, or deputfes, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with full cods of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then Jto lofe his mace alio; Penalty of un-alK* ^ any undue preference of one before another (hall be made due prefer- either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true cnee.	meaning	of this aft, by any fuch officer or officers, then the

party offending (hall be liable by aeftion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt with full cofts of fuit to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged of his place or office; and n fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mafter, then fuch deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to fuch aeftion, debt, damages, and cofts, and (hall be for ever after incapable of his place or office; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt (hall not direct the faid orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon fuch order, according to each perfon’s due place and order as before directed, then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpeeftive deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to fuch aeftion, debt, damages, and cofts, in fuch manner as aforefaid ; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, (hall and may be recovered by aeftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJlminfter \ wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, wager of Jaw, injunction, or order of re-ftraint, (hall be in any wife granted or allowed.

IV.	Provided always, and it is declared, That if it (hall happen that feveral tallies of loan or orders for payment as aforefaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to be regiftred, then it (hall be interpreted no undue preference which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he enters them all the fame day.

V.	Provided alfo, That it (hall not be interpreted any undue quent orders preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, it the au-fucfias were™ ^tor direeft, and the clerk ot the pells record, and the tellers not demand- do pay (ubfequent orders to perfons that come and demand their * ed.	monies,	and	bring their orders, before other perfons that did

not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will (atisfy precedent

orders,

No undue preference, . where tallies are dated, Scc. the fame day*

Nor if fubfe-

Digitized by V^OOQle

75

17+7*1 Anno viccfimo Georgii II. c. 36.

orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed of, but kept for them ; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referred and kept in bank for them.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all and every perfon and perfons to whom any money (hall be due for loans to be regi-fbred by virtue of this aft, after order entered in the book of regiftryas aforefaid, his, her, or their bcecutors, adminiftrators, or afligns, by proper words of ailignment to be indorfed and written upon his, her, or their order, may aflign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, and benefit of fuch order, or any part thereof to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt as aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the hook of regiftry aforefaid for orders (which the officers (hall upon requeft without fee or charge accordingly make) (hall intitle fuch affignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afligns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon, and fuch aflignee may in like manner aflign again, and fo toties quoties; and afterwards it (hall not bfe in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who have or hath made fuch aflignment, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the iame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof. ‘

VII.	And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain fum not to exceed in the whole the faid fum of one million, to be raifed either by fuch loans as aforefaid, or by ifluing exchequer bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means for the publick fervice; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafuiy, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treamrer, or any three or more of the com-miffioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall judge it more advifeable to raife the faid fum of one million or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, inftead of fuch loans as aforefaid, that then they refpeftively are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills, for any fum orfums of money not exceeding in the whole the (aid fum of one million, together with fuch loans as aforefaid, in the fame or like manner, form, or order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain act of parliament (for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty Jeven) are enafted and preferibed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid aft.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the daufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in the faid laft-mentioned aft relating to the loans or exchequer bills authorized to be made by the fame aft, except fuch claufes as do charge the fame on the aids, taxes, or afleflments granted by the feme aft, (hall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance qf this aft, as fully and effectually

to

Orders affigiu* able toties quo. ties.

The alignment not to be voided.

Treafury may make new exchequer bills for railing the faid one million, &c.

soGeo.i.C«s«

The exchequer bills to be fubjeft to the fame r^gu-i lations.

7<S

to be repaid out of the finking fund.

The further fum of 500,0001. granted to nis Ma jelly j

to beraifedby Joans or exchequer bills.

'Regulations concerning the exchequer bills.

*Aimo'v:cefimo GeoRGII II. C. 36.	[1747.

to all inteats and purpofes as if the faid exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft mentioned act, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated or re-enacted in the body of this prefent act.

IX.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all the exchequer bills as (hall be made in purfuance of this act, and the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or attending the fame, (hall be and ate hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be repaid and borne by or out of the growing produce of the faid furplufles, exccfles, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund (except fuch monies of the laid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other adl or adls of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be ifTued and applied, as fait as the fame can be regularly dated and afccr-tained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and difeharg-ing fuch exchequer bills, inhered, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and dif-charged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referv-ed in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpedlive proprietors thereof.

X.	And for the better enabling your Majefty to carry on the war with vigour, both by fea and land, and to make good fuch treaties as arc or (hall be made with your Majefty’s allies, your faid dutiful and loyal commons have alfo freely given and granted unto your Majefty the further fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed in manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the King’s moft excellent majefty, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, to authorize and impower the commiflioners of his Majesty’s trea-fury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, at any time or times before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, to caufe or direcl any loans to be taken or received at his Majesty’s exchequer, from any perfon or per-fons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies politick or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by the before mentioned act of this prefent feflion of parliament (for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven) are enacted and preferibed, concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in purfuance of the faid act.

XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in the faid laft mentioned alt, relating to the loans or exchequer

bills,

1747*1 Anno vicefimo Georgi/ II. c. 36.	77

bills, authorized tol>e made by the fame alt (except fuch claufes as <lo charge the fame on the rates* duties* and aflfeflitients

Eted by the fame alt) (hall be applied aild extended to the s and exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this aft, as fully and effe&ually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid lalt mentioned alt, or as if/ the faid feveral claufes or provides had been particularly repeated and re-enalted in the body of this alt.

XII.* And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, Loant, kc. That all fuch loans or exchequer bills, not exceeding five hun- tp carry 4*1. dred thoufand pounds as aforefaid, as (hall be taken in, or made cent, forth in purfuance of this alt, may refpeltively be made to bear or carry an intereft, premium, or rate, not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum; and all fuch loans or exchequer bills, together with the intereft, premium, rate, and charges in- payable out of cident to, or attending the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged the firit fup-and chargeable upon, and (hall be repaid, or borne by or out of plies, the firft aids or fupplies, which (hall be granted in parliament next after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven$ and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofe (hall not be granted before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, then all and every the faid loans or exchequer bills, with the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to or attending the fame,

(hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies, as at any time or times at or after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the faid fpr-plufles, exceffes, or overplus monies, commonly called The Jinking fund(except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes, by any former alt or adts of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid. linking fund (hall and may be iffued and applied, as faft as the or finking fame can be regularly ftated and ascertained, for and towards fui,d» paying off, cancelling, and difeharging fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difcharged, or money fuf-ficicnt for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand tp the refpcctive proprietors thereof.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enalted by the authority Monies paid aforefaid. That whatever monies (hall be fo iflued out of the oul ?f faid furplufies, exceffes, or overplus monies, common!;’ called	Wiced

The finking fund, (hall from time to time be replaced by and 0°ut o/thetirft out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament \ fupplies. any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftending.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enalted by the authority The land tax, aforefaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either Geo. 1. c.a. by loans or exchequer bills, upon one alt of this feflion of parliament (intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the

year

7#	Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 36. f 1747*

year one thousand /even hundred and forty /even;) and fo much money, if any fuch be, of tfie tax thereby granted, as fhall arife or remain, after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame alt, and all the intereft, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid land tax, (hall be fatisfied, or money fuffident (hall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame 5 and all the mollies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer Malt aft, See. bills, upon one other alt of this feflion of parliament (intituled, so Geo. a. c. 5. jn a£j continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majejly certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for applying a certain fum of money therein mentioned towards the Jupply for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and forty feven;) and fo mum money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted, as (hall arife Or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made, or to be made on the fame alt, and all tjie intereft, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid duties, (hall be fatisfied, or money fuffident (hall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame; and allbail the monies coming into the exchequer by fale of annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, upon one other wi houfttl SkT	°f	parliament	(intituled,	An aft for repeating the

aoGeo.a/c. 3 \fiverai rates and duties upon houjes, windows, ana lights; and far granting to his Majejly other rates and duties upon houjes, windows, or tights; and for raifing the fum of four millions four hundred thou-fand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties ;} and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer, by contributions, by way of a lottery, for the purchafe of annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, upon one other and upon all of this feflion of parliament (intituled, An aft for granting to coaches, See. his Majesty feveral rates and duties upon coaches, and other carriages aoGeo.a.c.io. therein mentioned; and for raifing the fum of one million, by way of lottery, to he charged upon the faid rates and duties;) and alfo the and 111,5081. fum of one hundred twelve thoufand five hundred eight pounds, mainin* of* nmeteen (hillings, and two pence, remaining in the receipt of th^ad^tional his Majesty’s exchequer, of the additional duties on fpirituotis duties on fpi- litjuors,.granted by an all of the fixteenth year of his Majesty*s rituousli- reign, after fatisfying all incumbrances thereupon, to Cbri/lmas* quors; ap- one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, by this all granted, (hall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes herein after exprefled (that is to fay)

XV.	It is hereby enafted and declared. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifliicd and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two million two hundred ninety two thoufand two hundred fifty nine pounds, eighteen (hillings, and eight pence, for or towards the naval fervice? herein after more particularly exprefled; (that is

to

plied.

1,191,159!. f&s. 8a. to naval fervices.

Digitized by

Google

1747*1	Anno vicefimo G&ORGil IL C. 36,	79

to fay) for or towards defraying the chaises of the ordinary of his Majeft/s navy, and for half-pay to lea officers, and for or towards vi&uals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the vidualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards fca fervices in the office of ordnance, performed and to bo performed ; and for or towards carrying on the building of the intended bofpital for Tick and wounded feamen at GoJport> for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven.

XVI.	And it is hereby alfo enafted by the authority afore- 105,7181. 91. laid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as afore- 9?* h>r freight faid, there (hall and may be iffued and applied any fum or ot traa*Pon,> fums of money, not exceeding two hundred five thoufand feven hundred twenty eight pounds, nine (hillings, and nine pence,

for the freight of tranfports, between the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and the thirty firft day of Dumber, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding fixty fix thoufand 66,66* 1. 7s* -fix hundred fixty eight pounds, feven (hillings, and ten pence, *j?.r	.

for the expence of the vi&uals provided for his Majesty’s land i^dUforces, * fortes, between the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and the thirty firft day of December, one tboufend feven hundred and forty fix.

XVII.	And it is hereby alfo enabled, That out of all or any l0)0o©l. to the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued Greenwich and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thou- hofpital. fand pounds, upon account, towards the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the feamen

of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the fervice cf their country; and any fum or fums of money, not exceed-ing one million, towards paying off and difeharging the debt of debt of the the navy.	navy.

XVIH. And it is hereby alfo enacted. That out of all or any 477,1131. gs% the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued » d« to the and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding four hun- ordnance. dred feyenty feven thoufand two hundred thirteen pounds, eight (hillings, and two pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, performed and to be performed, and for defraying tne extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervice, not provided for by parliament.

XIX.	And it is hereby likewife enadted, That out of all or 10$>as3i. any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and tothemarincfe may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding two hundred fix thoufand two hundred fifty three pounds,

and fifteen (hillings, for defraying the charge of eleven thoufand five hundred and fifty marines (commiflion and non-commif-fion officers included) to be employed for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven.

XX.	And it is hereby likewife enafled. That our of all or 3,191,4311. any the aids or fupplies provided as .aforefaid, there (hall and [h*n2d*tolatrb'c

land-forces \

Digitized by

Googie

8o

of which <56,0661.19 s. a. d. for guards, &c. in Great Britain, Guemfey, and Jerfeyj

<71,7*81. xis. for the war in Flanders}

343,ixal. 8 s. s d. halfpenny, for the forces in the plantations,

400,0001. to the troops of Hanover.

xo,ooo 1. for a train of artillery.

161,607!. 17s. 1 d. halfpenny for troops, dec. to the King of Sweden.

6 s.

Anno viccfimo Georgii II. c. 36.	tx747«

may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three million one hundred ninety one thoufand four hundred thirty two pounds, feven (hillings, and two pence farthing, for or towards maintaining his Majesty’s land forces and other fervices herein after more particularly exprefled; that is to fay, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eight hundred fifty fix thoufand ilxty fix pounds, nineteen (hillings, and two pence, for defraying the charge of thirty three thoufand and thirty effective men, including commiflion and non-commi(fion officers, and one thoufand eight hundred and fifteen invalids, for guards, garrifons, and other his Majesty’s land forces, and other fervices in Great Britain, Guernfey, and Jerfey, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three hundred feventy two thoufand feven hundred eighty eight pounds, and eleven (hillings, for defraying the charge ot fifteen thoufand one hundred and ninety fix effe&ive men, commiflion and non-com-miflion officers included, for the fervice of the war in Flanders, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three hundred fony three thoufand one hundred twelve pounds, eight (hillings, and one penny halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for pro-vifions for the garrifons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Gibraltar\ Georgia, Rattan, and Cape Breton, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding four hundred thoufand pounds, for defraying the expence of the pay and fubfiftence of the body of the troops of Hanover, confiding of five thoufand horfe, and thirteen thoufand foot, making in the whole eighteen thoufand men, to a€k in the Low Countries, with the Aujlrian troops, and thofe of the States General of the united provinces, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thoufand pounds, for a train of artillery to attend the faid troops ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred (ixtyone thoufand fix hundred feven pounds, feven-teen (hillings, and one penny halfpenny, for defraying the charge of one thoufand two hundred fixty four horfe, and four thoufand nine hundred and eight foot, with the general officers, and traia of artillery, the troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of HeJJ'e Cajfell, in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, and to the twenty fourth day of December, one thou-fana feven hundred and forty feven, both inclufive, together with the fubfidy for the faid time, purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums 0/money, not exceeding four hundred thirty three thoufand three hundred thirty three pounds, fix (hillings, and eight pence, to enable the Queen of Hungary to fupport her allies, and maintain fixty thoufand men in the Low Countries, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding

three

Digitized by Google

I747-J Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c.36.	81

three hundred thoufand pounds, to make good his Majesty’s en- ?oo,«ool. to gagements with the King of Sardinia, purfuant to treaty; and the King of any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty four thoufand 5ar mt*' two hundred ninety nine pounds, one (hilling, and four pence, *4»*991- ’*• to make good his Majesty’s engagements with the EleCtor of	q

logn, purluant to treaty; and any fum or fums of money, notj^ 01^0 exceeding eight thoufand fix hundred and twenty pounds, to 8 6201. to the make good his Majesty’s engagements with the Elector of Mentz, Elector of purfuant to treaty 5 and any fum or fums of money, not exceed-Mentz# ing twenty fix thoufand eight hundred forty fix pounds, eleven26,8461. ns, (hillings, and nine pence, to make good his Majtfty’s engage- 9 d.to the meats with the Eledlor of Bavaria, purfuant to treaty 5 and any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty eight thoufand five g ^ f . hundred feventy five pounds, feventeen (hillings, and ten pence, ,0d5/ior g«£ * for the pay of the general, and general ftaff officers, and officers nentf and ftaff of the holbitals for his Majesty*s land forces, for the year one officers, thoufand (even hundred and forty feven $ and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred fixty fix thoufand one 166,1981. 18 u hundred ninety eight pounds, eighteen (hillings, and four pence f^thing, farthing, for defraying the extraordinary expences on account of the rebellion, and other fervices of his Majesty’s land forces, of the rebel-

for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, incurred lion, &c. and not provided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of j ir* money not exceeding twenty nine thoufand nine hundred four- ,*?. to hau-teen pounds, fifteen (hillings, and ten pence, upon account of pay* half-pay to the reduced officers of his Majesty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thoufand feven nundred and forty (even, fubjeCt to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the (aid half-pay, as are herein after preferibed concerning the fame* and any fum or fums of money not exceeding fix thou- 6 J10 ^ ^ land one hundred and twenty pounds, for providing four hun- horfes ioft in dred and eight horfes loft in Flanders and at the battles of FaU Flanders, &c. kirk and Culkden, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three 3,948!. to thoufand nine hundred and forty eight pounds, for paying of widows of re-peufions to the widows of fuch reduced officers of his Majesty’s ducc<* officers* land forces and marines, as died upon theeftaliftunent of half-pay in Gnat Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven ; which laid fum of three thoufand nine hundred and forty eight pounds,

(hall be iffued to fuch perfon or perfons, as his Majesty (hall, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, direCt or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to fuch widows of half-pay officers, or their affigns, according to fuch eftablifhments, lifts, or other directions, and with and fubjeCt to fuch conditions, qualifications, and other allowances for the lame, as his Majesty, by fuch and the like warrant or warrants, (hall he gracioufty pleafed to direCt and appoint.

XXI* And it is hereby alfo enaCted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and jnay be Vox. XIX r	o	ilfu?d

Digitized by Google

8i

456,7331.16 s. 3d. 3 farthings, for deficiencies cn the civil lilt ;

and 500,000!, to di (charge the like fum borrowed. See.

30,000!. for the bridge at Weftminlter.

500,000!. to enable his Ma« jetty to carry on the war.

7,978 1. 8 s%

4 d. to the deficiency of lUmp duties.

13,910!. 5 d. halfpenny, to the deficiency of the duties on fweets.

35,000 I. for lliterefi due on the fait duties.

Anno vicefimo Georg 11II. c. 36. ^	[*747*

iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not Exceeding four hundred fifty fix thoufand feven hundred thirty three pounds, fixteen (hillings, and three pence three farthings, to make good the deficiency of the duties and revenues applicable to the ufes of his Majesty’s civil government in the feven years, ending at Midfummer, one thoufand feven hundred ana forty fix; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds, to enable his Majesty to difeharge the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, railed in purfuance of an a parted in the laft feflion of parliament, and charged on the firft aids or fupplies to be granted in parliament, after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix.

XXII.	And it is hereby enacted, That out of ail or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iflued and paid to the commiflioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thoms, from the city of IFeJlmfaJler to the oppofite fhore, in the county of Surrey, or any feven or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed under the hands and feals of the laid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, fo receive the fame, the fum of thirty thoufand pounds, without account, other than is directed for other monies raifed by virtue of fcveral former afts of parliament, parted during the reign of his prefent Majefty, for building the faid bridge, to be applied towards finilhing the faid bridge, and to enable the faid commiflioners to perform the other trufts repofed in them.

XXIII.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed. That out of all or any . the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iflued and

applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds, to enable his Majesty to carry on the war with vigour both by fea and land, and to make good fuch treaties as are or (hall be made with his Majesty’s allies, for the year on# thoufand feven hundred and forty feven.

XXIV.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefiid, there (hall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding feven thoufand nine hundred feventy eight pounds, eight (hillings, and four pence, to replace to the (inking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the additional ftamp duties at ChriJimaSy one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirteen thoufand nine hundred ten pounds, and five pence halfpenny, to replace to the faid finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the duty of twelve shillings a barrel on fweets, or wines made from Britijh or foreign fruit or fugar, at Michaelmas y one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirty five thoufand pounds, to replace tothQ faid finking fund the like fum paid out of the farue, to. anfwcr one year's intereft due at MichaelmaSy one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum[ on the principal fum of one million lent

on

Digitized by v^ooQle

7*1 ^Arino viceHmo Georgii II. c. 36,	83

on- the credit of the fait duties, which Were continued fof fix years, from Lady-day> one thoufand feven hundred and fifty , three, towards the fupply for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five ; and any fum ot fums of money, not exceeding forty nine thoufand fix hundred ninety three pounds, feven- 49,6931. 17$ teen (hillings, and nine pence halfpenny, to replace to the faid halfpenny finking fund the like fum t>aid out of the fame to make good the deficiency of the additional duties on wines at Midjummer, duties on101* one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix.	wines.

XXV. And it is hereby alfo enabled, That out of all or any l0 2II j 9m the aid* or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iflued and 3d* farthing, applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thoufand deficiency or two hundred eleven pounds* five (hillings, and threepence faN thegeneral thing, for making good the deficiency of the general fund fortund> the year ending at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one 135,3781. 4 s.^ hundred thirty five thoufand three hundred feventy eight 7<h deficiency pounds, four (hillings, and feven pence, to make good the del- Sufficiency of the grants for the fervied of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and any fum or fumsof money, not exceed- J^^rthi1 ** ingfixteen thoufand fix hundred feventy pounds, eleven (hillings, deficiency on* and one penny farthing, for making good the deficiency at Lady- licences for day, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, of the duty on retailing fpia licences for retailing of fpirituous liquors 5 and any fum or turns r,tuous ' of money not exceeding one thoufand four hundred twenty one Jt 8 pounds, eleven (hillings, and two pence halfpenny, for making 2d*haifpen-good the deficiency at Chrijlnias, one thoufand feven hundred ny, deficiency and forty fix, of the additional duties on all wines imported ; on wines im-and any fum or fums of money not exceeding fifty eight thoU- Portcd* fand two hundred thirty three pounds, one (hilling, and one 5**'2*I' * penny, for making good the deficiency at Chrijlmas, one thou- giaf8 and^ fand feven hundred and forty fix, of the duties on glafs and fpi- fpirituous li-rituous liquors; and any fum or fums of money, npt exceeding quors. thirty eight thoufand fix hundred forty eight pounds, five fhil- 38,6481. 5sk lings, and two pence farthing, for making good the deficiency * d- farthing, at ChriftmaSy one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, of the fjfe bttc]y°ia furplus of the fund of the lottery one thoufand (even hundred	*

and fourteen.	.	.

XXVL And whereas by an aft of parliament made and pajjfed in% the Jixtb year of the reign of her late majefly Queen Anne* (1intituled, 6 c. xi* An for continuing one half part of the fubfidies or tonnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods, and merchandizes imported, which were granted to the crown in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second \ and for fettling a fund thereby, and by other ways and means, for payment of annuities, not exceeding eighty thoufand pounds per an-num9 to be fold for railing a further fupply to her Majefty for the fervice of the year one thpufand feven hundred and eight, and other ufes therein exprefled) certain annuities were granted and nude payable at the exchequer out of the faid duties by that aft conti-mud : and whereas in purfuameof an aft made in the ftxth year o£

84	Anno	vicefimo	GeoRGII II. C. 36.	[1747:

6 Geo. 1. c. 4. the reign, of bis late majefty King George the Firft (intituled, An ad for enabling the South Sea company to increafe their prelent capital ftock and fund, by redeeming fuch publick debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned5 and for railing monies to be applied for leflening feveral of the publick debts and incumbrances ; and for calling in the prefent exchequer bills remaining uncancelled, and far making forth new bills in lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon demand, at or near the exchequer) feveral of the proprietors of the annuities before mentioned did fubjeribe the fame into the capital flock of the faii South Sea company, upon the terms in the faid la/l recited aft men-tionedy by means whereof the faid company are become intitled to the yearly fum of forty feven thoufand three hundred twenty feven pounds, thirteen /billings, and eight pence 9for inter eft y and charges of manage-menty upon fuch part of the faid annuities fo fubferibed into their capital: and whereas the monies arifen into the exchequer, of or for the rates and duties by the faid firft recited aft grantedy have proved fo low and deficient y that at the feqft of the birth of our Lord Ckrifty one thoufand feven hundred andfortyfix, there was due and payable to the feveral perfons intitled to fuch part of the faid annuitiesy as were not fubferibed to the South Sea company as alfo to the South Sea company, upon their annuity aforefaidy the fum of eighty five thoufand nine hundred fixty eight poundsy twelve fhillingSy and three pence thru farthings: and whereas no provifion is made by the faid afts9 or either of them9 for making good fuch deficiency 5 be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifiued and applied any fum or Aims of money, not exceeding the fum of eighty five -	thoufand	nine hundred fixty eight pounds, twelve (hillings, and

tae annuities t*lrec Pencc t^rec farthings, to make good to the feveral propric-payable to the tors of the (aid annuities, as alfo to the faid South Sea company. South Sea the feveral fum or fums of money due to them, to fatisfy their company, &c. refpedive annuities, payable by the faid ads of parliament, to or for any time before the faid teaft day of the birth of our Lord Chrift, one thoufand feven hundred and forty Ax.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid (nail not be ifiiied or applied to any ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, other than the ufes and purpofes before mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies or other payments directed to be fatisfied thereout by any all or ads, or any particular claufe or claufes for that purpofe contained in any other ad or ads of this prefent feflion of parliament.

XXVIII.	And as to the faid fum of twenty nine thoufend nine hundred fourteen pounds, fifteen (hillings, and ten pence, by this ad appropriated on account of half-pay, as aforefaid; it is hereby enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the rules herein after preferibed (hall be duly obferved in the application thereof; that is to fay. That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, and under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop, or

a	company,

<5.9681. i*s.

3 d. 3 farthings, to

The fupplies to be applied as this ad di-reds.

Rules to be obferved in the application ot the hall-pay.

Digitized by v^ooQle

$5

1747*] Anno vicefimo Georgii 11. c. 36.

company, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no perfon (haJl have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did aftual fervice in fome regiment, troop, or company j that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclcfiaftical benefice in Great Britain, or Ireland, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, wno has refigned his commiflion, and has had no commiflion fince; that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons, who would have been otherwife intitled to the fame as reduced officers; and that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments Of foot, lately difbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off tne eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXIX.	And whereas by an alt of parliament made in the nine- ^Geo.x.c.ji. teenthyear of bis Majejly's reign, (intituled, An aft for granting

to his Majesty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and alfo for enabling his Majesty to raife a further fum of money for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned ; and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed) feveral fupplies which had been granted to his Majefiy^ as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to fiveral ufes and purpofes therein exprefled) amongfi which any fum or fumsrf money% not exceeding twenty four thoufand feven hundred and one founds, Jeven fallings y andfix pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majejly's land forces and marines, fib-jell mvertbelejs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the Jaid half pay^ as in and by the aforefaid alt were prefcribed in that behalf; now it is hereby provided, enafted, and declared by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of the faid fum of twenty four thoufand feven hundred and one pounds, feven (hillings. The furplus of* and fixpence, as is or (hall be more than fufficient to fatisfy the La*j/ear $t (aid reduced officers, according to the rules prefcribed by the faid	to

aft to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch fuch objeftsas overplus, (hall or may be difpofed of to fuch officers who are his Majesty maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch others, as foalldireft. by reafon of their long fervice, or otherwife, his Majesty (hall judge to be proper objefts of charity $ or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants, under his Majesty’s royal fign manual, as (hall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this aft, or the faid former aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX,	And it is hereby likewife enafted. That out of the 1. 5 dr monies or favings arifingfrom the money granted by parliament, halfpenny, applicable to the relief and provifion of the widows of officers, *° the two

G3	who	troop, of

86	Anao yicefimo Geqrgji II. C. 37, 38.	[*747;

horfe guards, who havq been killed or died in the fervice, there (hall and may and three re- iflfued and applied, by any warrant or warrants of his Majer S^fHately	under	his	royal fign manual, any fum or fums of money,

reduced. not exceeding the fum of twenty two thoufand two hundred and fixty feven pounds, and five pence halfpenny, for defraying the charge of the allowances to feveral officers ahd private gentlemen of two troops of horfe guards, and three regiments of horfe lately reduced, together with the incident charges arifing therefrom, for the year one thoyfand feven hundred and forty feven. 'the bounties XXXI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, on Engli/h and That the bounties on the exportation of Britijh and Jrifb coarfe

l.rirti coarfe linens, (hall continue to be paid under the regulations of the a&s lluedS&cntl"	fifteenth,	fixteenth,	and	eighteenth	years	of	his	Majefty’s

>5Geo.i.c.»9. reign; and that the fame (hall be paid out of fuch part of the i$Geo.a.c.15. old fubfidy, as is applicable to the payment of incidents ; and that an account thereof be laid before the hoijfe of commons every feffion of parliament, in order to replacing the lame out of the next aids to be granted in parliament.

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft for the cafe of fheriffs with regard to the return of

procefs.

FO R the eafe of (heriffs with regard to the return of procefs, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by Procefs unex- autfi(ir,tyofi the fame, That from and after the twenty nintp ecuted, to be day September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, turned over to hll (heriffs of any county, city, liberty, divifion, town corporate, thefucceeding or place, (hall, at the expiration of their office, turn over to the fuceeeding (heriff, by indenture and fchedule, all fuch writs and procefs as (hall remain in their hands unexecuted, who (hall duly execute and return the fame; and in cafe any fuch (heriff (hall refufc or ncgled to turn over fuch procefs, in manner afore-faid, every' fuch (heriff fo negletfing or tefufing, (hall be liable to make fuch fyisfa&ion, by damages and cofts, to the party aggrieved, as he, (he, or they (hall fuftain by fuch negledt or retufal.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no (heriff (hall be liable to be called upon to make a return of any writ or procefs, unlefs he be required fo to do within fix months after the expiration of his faid office.

CAP. XXXVIII.

uic nix j

on

taaking g the damage,

1 penalty of akine good

Sheriff not liable to mal<e return of any writ. See. after 6 months.

An aft for the relief and fupport of maimed and difabled fear men, and the widows and children of fuch as Jhall be killed^ Jlain, or dr owned, in the merchants fervice.

7 & 8 W. 3.	\\f	H	E	R	E	A	S	by	an aft mode in the feventh and eighth years

p.	V	V of the reign of his Idle majejiy King William the Thirds for

the encouragement and increafe of Jeamcny certain encouragements

were

Digitized by

Google

I747-J Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 38.	$7

were given for feamen to regijler tbemfelves in and for bis Majefiy s fervue; and in cafe any fucb regift ered feamen Jbould, by age, wounds, or other accidents, be difabled for future fervice at fea, and Jbould not he able to maintain tbemf elves comfortably > and the children of fucb difabled feamen, arid the widows and children of fucb of them as Jbould happen to be Jlain, killed, or drowned in fea fervice, were to be provided for in the royal hofpital at Greenwich, Jo far forth as the /aid hofpital Jbould be capable to receive them, and the revenue thereof would extend; and, for the better fupport of the faid hofpital, fix pence per month is by the faid aft to be allowed out of the wages of every feaman employed in the merchants fervice, as well as of tbofe employed in the fervice of the royal navy: and whereas by an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majefiy Jpueen Anne, fo much of the faid aft as relates to the regiftering of feamen 9 Ann*, c.u. was repealed; whereby every feaman in the fervice of the royal navy *

(though not regiftered) is intitled to the benefits of the faid hofpital: and whereas by an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of her late mjtftj&ueen Anne, for the better collefting and recovering the duties ioAnn*,c.i7. grantedfor the fupport of the faid hofpital, any feaman is to be eon-Jidtrei as fully qualified for an admijfion into the faid hofpital, who Jball offer bim/elf to be admitted, and Jball produce an authentick certificate of bis having been wounded, maimed, or hurt in defending any Jmp belonging to the fubjefts of this kingdom againjl the enemies thereof; or in taking any Jhip from the enemy, and being thereby difabled for fea fervice : and whereas by an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Firft, for the more effee- g Geo. x. c.14. fuel Jupprejftng of piracy, every feaman on boardany merchant Jbip, ivko Jball be maimed in fight againjl any pirate, upon due proof thereof, is to be admitted into, and provided for in the faid hofpital, pre-feraUi to any other feaman who is difabled from fervice, or getting a livelihood, merely by age: and whereas by an aft made in the eighth % Geo.*. c. 19. year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, for the application of the rents and profits of the (flutes forfeited by the attainders of James late earl tf/Derwentvvater, ^Charles Ratcliffe, feamen on board any merchant Jhip or veffel, who JbaH be maimed in fight againjl any enemy of his Majefiy, his heirs and fucceffors, are to be admitted into, and provided Jor in the Jaid hofpital, in like manner as any other feamen wounded or difabled in the fervice of his Majefiy, his heirs or fuccejjors: and whereas the faid hofpital is not capable to receive, nor the income thereof fujjicient to provide for the feamen in the fervice of the royal navy, who are wounded, maimed, or worn out by age, or otberwife intitled to the benefits thereof, fo that the feamen in the merchants fervice, maimed ana difabled in fight, have Jcldom or never been admitted into the faid hofpital, though intitled thereto, and proper obiefts of charity: and whereas there is no provifion at all made, by either of the faid afts, for fucb feamen in the merchants fervice as are maimed or difabled by accidental misfortunes, or for thofe worn out by age, or for the widows or children of Juch as Jhall be killed, fain, or drowned in the faid fervice: and whereas the feamen in the merchants fervice are zvifling to allow fix pence per montn, out of their VMgVi to be applied for the relief and fupport of fucb as Jball be

G 4	maimed%

Digitized by ■ 30Qle

88	Anno	viccfimo Georgii II. C. 38.	[174.7.1

fnaimed, or difabled, or worn out h age, and of the widows am* children of thoje who fhall be killed, fain, or drowned in the find fervice: and forafmuch as the feamen in the merchants fervice bmxv during the courfe of this war, manifefied their courage and reflation,1 andJeferve all due encouragement; and the ejlabli/bing the faid charity will tend to the honour and good of the publick; but the fame cam-not be ejfetted without the aid qnd authority of parliament; may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majefty, that it may be enacted ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and Commons, in tips prefent parliament aflembled. Governors and by the authority of the fam£, That Alexander Hume, yah1 names. Brijlow, John Bonce, Harry Gough, Albert Nisbett, Nathaniel Newman junior, Jofeph Gulfton, Charles Pole, efquires 5 Sir Peter Thompfon knight, Robert Nettleton, Robert Thornton, John Smith, Abraham Hume, Henry Norris fenior, Peter Du Cane, Jafids Worlfworth, Jofeph Fawthorp, Charles Savage, William hunt, Merrick Burrell, James Lock, Henry March, Henry Muibnan, Theodore Jacobfon, James Theobald, Brian Benfon, Roger Drake, John Gore, Walter Vane, Thomas Godfrey, John Wenham, Nathaniel Pace, William Willy, efquires 5 Jo fan Chitty, Henry Norris junior, Jofeph Adams, Thomas Allen, Samuel Baker, Matthews Beachcrojt, Humphrey Bell, William Black, Charles Boehm, Edmund Boehm, Jofeph Chitty, Jacob Chitty, Abel Fomereau, Zachariab Philip Fonnereau, Abraham Franco, Jacob Franco, John Fterfy k-nior, John Godlee, Godhard Hagen, Ezekiel Hall, John Hanbury, Tilman Henckell, Edward Hunt, Joel Watfon, Gerard Vanneck, Jofhua Vanneck, Godfrey Thornton, John Weyland, Robert Dingtey, Peter Thomas, Thomas Hyam, Elia km Palmer, Cbauncey Townfiend, Peter Mailman, John Payne junior, John Thornton, William Wilber force, Henry Sperling, James Brogaen, Gilbert Malchtr, Thomas Swayne, Bceflon Long, Stephen Theodore JanJfen, Thomas Boehm, Benjamin Bond, William Bowden, Thomas Forfter, William Hayter, Clarmont, Edwin Martin, John Porter, John 1Sparrow, Thomas Spencer, James Sperling, John Thomlinfon, Gent Unwin,	Amyand,	John Van Rixtel, Alexander Sheafe,

Liebert Dorrion, Henry Shiffner, George Prefcot junior, Andrew Pringle, Robert Macky, Nicholas Magens, James Henckell, James Buchanan, James Whitchurch, Harman Beerens, Thomas Chitty, Griffin Ranfom, Benjamin Mee, George Newland, Richard King, Thomas Tryan, John Simpfon, Samuel Stork, Thomas Chact, Samuel Clark, John Goddard, merchants 5 mader Thomas Bermet, mader Adam Spencer, and mader John Canbam, and their fucceflors, to Governors in- be elected and named in manner herein after directed and ap-corporated, pointed, (hall be, and are hereby declared and adjudged to be one body corporate and politick, in deed and in name, by the Name of cor- name of The president and governors for the relief and fuppart of poration. ftci, maimed, ana difabled feamen, ana of the widows and children of fuch as /ball be killed, Jlain, or drowned, in the merchants fervice : and that by the fame name of The prefident and governors, they (hall have perpetual fucceffion, and a common (cal, with

power

*747'] Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 38.

power to change, alter, break, and make new the fame, when and as often as they (hall judge expedient; and, by the fame name may fue and be fued, implead and be impleaded, anfwer and be anfwered unto, in all or any court or courts of record, and places of judicature within this kingdom; and that they, and their fucceflors, by the name aforefaid, (hall be able and capable in law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, poflefs, and retain, in trail for the ends and purpofcs of this a6l, all fuch fum and Anns of money as are granted, and (hall be raifed, collected, and received by virtue of this ad, or (hall be contributed, devifed, or bequeathed, by any well-diifpofed perfons, to and for the faid ends and purpofes; and that they, and their fucceflors, by the name aforefaid, (hall and may, at any time hereafter, without licence, in mortmain, purchafe, take, or receive any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any eftate or intereft arifing or derived out of the fame, fo that fach lands, tenement?, or hereditaments, be only for the fcite of, or to be converted into an hofpital, with offices and appurtenances neceflary thereunto for the find ends and purpofes.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the faid prefident and governors, and their fucceflors, to be eleded ana named in the manned herein after directed and appointed, (hall, and may, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to provide in (uch hofpital, for the reception of fuch feamen as (hall be rendered incapable of prefent or future fervice, by ficknefs, wounds, or other accidental misfortunes, and thole who (hall become decrepit, or worn out by age; or (hall provide for fuch feamen, by allowing them certain penfions, or otherwife, as to the faid* prefident and governors, and their fucceflors^ (hall feem meet, and mod for the advantage of the intended charity 5 and alio to relieve the widows and children of fuch feamen as Hull be killed, ilain, or drowned in the faid fervice; provided fiich children are not of the age of fourteen years; or if of that age, or upwards, not capable of getting a livelihood, by reafon of Jamenefs, blindnefs, or other infirmities, and are proper objects of charity; and to make reafonable allowances to thofe who (hall lofe an eye or limb, or be otherwife hurt or maimed, in fighting, defending, or working the (hips, in which they re-fpcdtively ferve, or in loading or unloading the cargoes thereof, or otherwife howfoever, in doing their duty in the faid fervice, in proportion to the damage or hurt they (hall refpedtively receive, fo far forth as the income and revenues which are, (hall, or may be veiled in the faid prefident and governors, and their fuccei-fors, will extend for the purpofes aforefaid, according to fuch rules, orders, and regulations, as are or (hall be eftablimed by or in purfuance of this a£t.

III.	Provided nevcrthelefs. That no feaman in the faid fervice Dial! be intitled to any of the provifions or benefits of this acl, unlefs he (hall produce, or caufe to be produced, a certificate to the prefident, affiftants, and committees herein after named, or their fucceflors, of the hurt or damage he hath received, from

the

89

May purchafe lands for building an hofpital.

Provifiontobe made for the reception of difabled fea-raen;

and for pen-lions :

and their widows and children.

Seamen to produce certificates of the hurt they received.

Digitized by v^ooQle

9°	Anno	vicefimo Georgii II. c. $8.	[ 1747,

thfc matter, mate, boatfwain, and furgeon, or fo many of them as were in the (hip or veflel to which fuch teaman did belong at .	the time of his receiving fuch hurt or damage; or of the matter,

and two of the feamen, if there is no other officer; or in cafe the matter fliall die, or be killed, or drowned, then of the perfon who (hall take/upon him the care of the (hip or veflel, and two of the feamen on board the fame, under their hands and feals, thereby (ignifying how and in what irianner fuch feamen received fuch hurt or damage, whether in fighting, defending, working, loading, or unloading the faid (hip or veflel, where and when he entered, and how long he had ferved on board the (ame; Partiesfigning and the parties fo figning and feaiing fuch certificate, (hall and ' are hereby required to make oath of the truth of the contents 0	* thereof, before fome one of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace,

if given in Great Britain or Ireland, or other his Majetty’s dominions, or the chief officer of the cuttoms of the port or place where there is no juftice of the peace, or before the Britijb conful or refident in any foreign country where fuch certificate is executed (who are hereby refpeftively. authorized and required to adminifter the fame without fee or reward) and in cafe of. fick-nefs, whereby fuch feaman (hall be rendered incapable of fer-Certificates to yic*> a certificate figned,*fealed, and authenticated in like man-teamen dif- ner, (ignifying that he was healthy when he entered on board abled by lick- fuch'(hip or veflel, and that fuch ficknefs was contracted on nds»	board the fame, or op (hore, in doing his duty in the fervice of

the (hip, and not other wife ; and exprefling the time and place he entered on board fuch (hip or veflel, and how long he had Widows and ferved therein; and that no widow, child, or children of any children. feaman killed, (lain, or drowned in the faid fervioj, (hall be relieved, or intitled to any allowance by virtue of this aft, qn]e(s (he or they, or fome perfon on her or their behalf, (hall produce a certificate figned,fealed, and authenticated inlike manner, fig-nifying how and in what manner fuch feaman loft his life in the fervice of the faid (hip or veflel, the time and place he entered on board, and how long he had ferved therein ; and alfo another certificate, under the hands and feals of the minifter dnd churchwardens, and overfeers of the poor of the parilh, townftiip, or place, or any two of them, or under the hands and feals of the minifter and overfeers of the poor of the pari(h, townftiip, or place, or any two of them, where there are no churchwardens; and if fuch widow, child, or children, are fome of the people called Quakers* then by any two reputable perfonsof that perfua-fion, of the parifti, townftiip, or place where fuch widow, child, or children have a legal fettlement, or do inhabit or refide, to be attefted by two or more credible wituefles, that fuch widow was the lawful wife, and real widow, and that fuch child or children was or were the lawful child or children of fuch feaman killed, (lain, or drowned as aforefaid, and is or are under the age of fourteen years; or if of that age, or upwards, not capable of getting a livelihood, by reafon of Jamenefs, blindnefs, or other infirmi-ftes, apd is or are proper objects of charity; and that no feaman

Digitized by Google

9i

1747O Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 38.

{hall be provided for bv a penfion, or otherwife, decrepit or worn out, gnlefs fuch (eaman (hall have ferved in the merchants Seamen not fervice for the fpace of five years, and contributed and paid fix int,tlcd who pence per month oat of his wages for that time, to and for the ™ive not fcJv~ good ends and purpofes of this aft.	5	years,c c*

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That ^perf0nsfo any perfon (hall forge, counterfeit, erafe, or alter, or (hall pro- jn„ &c; cure to be forged, counterfeited, erafed, or altered, or (hall un- tificates, fairly or unduly obtain any certificate, in order to intitle him or

her to any the penfions, allowances, or benefits of this aft, and (hall produce, or caufe fuch certificate to be produced for that purpofe, fuch certificate (hall, upon difeovery thereof, be null and void; and fuch perfon fo applying for relief or provifion,

(hall be for ever incapable of receiving any the benefits of this incorrigible aft, and (ball be fubjeft and liable tp the like punilhment as an rogues, incorrigible rogue is fubjeft and liable to, and (hall be punifhed accordingly as fuch.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That for the more conftant and ordinary management of the monies to be raifed for the good ends and purpofes aforefaid, there (hall be, from time to time, and for ever hereafter, a prefident, and twenty one afliftants or committees, of the faid hereby erefted corporation j and that Henry Norris fenior efquire, (hall be the Prefident and (lift prefidenj, and Alexander Hume efquire, Sir Peter Tbompfon afTifants knight, Robert Nettleton% Robert Tborntony John Smithy Peter

Du Canty Jofias Wordfworthy Jofeph Fawthorpy efquires; Jo/iah Ckittfy Henry Norris junior, Ivilliam Blacky John Hanbury^ John WyyUndy Robert Dingley9 Thomas Hyam9 James Brogdeny Stephen Theodore JanJfen9 John Tbomlipfony merchants; [matter Thomas Benmty matter John Canham9 matter Adam Spencer9 the twenty one affiftants or committees.

VL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, tocontinuetill That the faid herein before-named prefident and afliftants, or June, 1748. Committees, (hall continue and remain fo to be, till the twenty New eleftion fourth day of Juney onethoufand feven hundred and forty eight;to on which faid twenty fourth day of June in every year, yearly, a£c Gazette? fpr ever hereafter, or within five days, either before or after the laid twenty fourth day of June9 ten days notice being given in the London GazettCy of the day fixed by a general court or af-iembly to be then held of the prefident and governors of the faid corporation for the time being, a new choice or eleftion of a prefident and twenty one afliftants, pr committees, fcall be made and taken by the faid prefident and governors, or the greater „ part of them ,tbcn prefent, for the year then next following; who after fuch eleftion, (hall continue and remain fuch until the next general court or aflembly to be annually held for the election of a prefident and afiittants, or committees, as aforefaid.

yil. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Prefident to That at all and every the general courts or aflerablies of the (aid have a vq;$. prefident and governors, and at the feveral full courts of aflift-|Ot$ or committees, to be held as herein softer is direfted, the

£.................... ‘	faid

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c.38.	[1747.

faid prcfident for the time being (hall have voice, and (hall rote and aft as a member of fuch general court, or courts of committees ; and in cafe of an equality of votes, the faid prefident (hall have and exercife a cafting vote.

VIII.	And be it further enafted and declared. That there (hall be four general courts at leaft held every year ; that is to fay, on the faid twenty fourth day of June> on tne twenty ninth day of September, on the twenty fifth day of December, and on the twenty fifth day of Marchy or within five days before or after either of the faid days refpeftively, of which ten days notice (hall be given in the London Gazette; and the faid prefident and alfiftants, or committees, (hall have power to call a general court, at any other time or times, as the affairs of the faid corporation maybe (hall require; and are alfo impowered and required to call a gk)m at other 2enera* court, at the requeft of any thirteen of the members of the faid corporation, fignifying the fame, by writing under their hands; provided that ten days notice at lead be given in the giving nonce. itQn^on Gazette, of the time and place of the meeung of ever)’ fuch general court fo to be called as aforefaid.

Prefident and IX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, 5 afliftants to That the faid prefident, with any five or more of the faid af-make a courts fiftants, or committees, for the time being, (hall make a full meet weekly court °f affiants, or committees; and (hall meet, from time to time, upon Wednefdayt weekly, in or near the city of London, or at fuch other time and place as they (hall think fit to appoint; and fuch couit of alfiftants, or committees; (hall have power, when affembled, as aforefaid, in the name of the laid corporation, and on their account, to apply the monies arifing, and to be received, by virtue of this aft, and vefted in the faid corporation, for the relief and fupport of fuch feamen, and their widows and children, as are before deferibed; and (hall be intitled to the benefits and provifions of this aft, in the manner herein direft-ed, and in cafe there lhall be any furplus thereof, or any fumor fums of money (hall be contributed and given for the purpofes of this aft, by any well difpofed perfons, to lay out the fame in parliamentary fecurities, or to difpofe df the lame in the purchafe of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as are hereby before allowed, and with and under their common feal, to enter into any covenants or edntrafts for the purpofes aforefaid, as they (hall think fit for the better affefting and carrying on the tersf&c.* °f" charity hereby intended; and to appoint and choofe, and at their pleafure to remove, difplace, and fupply any officers, fer-vants, and other perfori or perfons to be employed for the purpofes herein mentioned and intended, or other affairs of the faid corporation (other than and except fuch officers and perfons as Exception, are direfted to be appointed and chofen at a general court or af-fembly of the faid corporation) and to direft and appoint fuch falaries, perquifites, or other rewards, for their labour or fcrvice therein, as they (hall approve or think proper; and to do, manage, and tranfaft, and determine, all fuch other matters and things, as (hall to them, or the greater part oT them, appear neceflary

and

92

Four gefteral courts yearly $

Notice in the Gazette.

Digitized by Google

93

1747-1 Anno viccfimoGEoROii II. c.38.

and convenient for the affecting or carrying on the purpbfes hereby intended.

X.	And be it further enadted and declared, That the manage- Committees to ment, tranfadtions, and accompts of the laid prefident and afiift- be fubje£t to ants, or committees, (hall be, from time to time, and at all times the by-laws, hereafter, fubjedt and liable to fuch audit and infpedtion, allowance, diiallowance, and controul of all or fuch of the members

or governors of the faid hereby eredied corporation, as by. any by-laws ordinances of the fame corporation fhall be for that purpofe conftituted and appointed.

XI.	And* it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- Receiver. faid. That there (hall be a receiver of the hereby eredtea corporation, who (hall be chofen by the faid prefident and governors,

or the greater part of them afiembled in a general court, as a-forefaid *, and (hall and may be allowed fuch falary as to them (hall feem proper, and beat their will and pleafure difplaced and removed from his ftation or employment, and another fit and able perfon thereunto appointed and chofen in his room.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it declared and enadted. That if vacancies to there be any vacaAcy or vacancies of any perfon or perfons, be filled up at chofen at a genera! court, as aforefaid, happening by death or a general removal, fuch vacancy or vacancies (hall be filled up at a gene - court-

ral court or aflembly to be held of the faid prefident and governors, after ten days notice at lead to be given thereof in the Lon- 1 don Gazette, of (uch eledtion.

XIII.	And to the intent that there never may be wanting a competent number of members or governors of the faid hereby eredied corporation; therefore for perpetuating the fucceflion thereof, and for fupplying and filling up the places of prefident and affiftants, or committees, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid prefident and governors, or the greater part of them that (hall be prefent in fuch general court or aflembly, to

be held as aforefaid (fo that not lefs than thirteen governors be Thirteen go* then prefent) to eledt and choofe fome other fit and able perfon vernors to be or perfons to be a member or governor, or members or governers, p.l^nt of thefaid herebyerediedcorporation, inthe room or place of fuch gorenior, of the perfons above-named, or to be, from time tQ time, eledt- ^	*

ed members or governors, as aforefaid, who (hall happen to depart this life, or (hall refufe to accept of being, or to continue, and remain to be, a member or governor as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, an<j.attJ[e That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid prefident and gaver-	***

nors, in a general court afiembled as aforefaid (fo that not lefs than thirteen governors be then prefent) to make, ordain, and £on(titute, fuch and fo many by-laws, conftitutions, and ordinances, as to them, or the greater part of them, then and there prefent, (hall feem necefiary and convenient for the eftablithing the faid hereby eredied corporation, and the officers, fervants, and perfons by them, in and about the affairs of the faid corporation, to be employed ; and for the better applying the money

Digitized by

Google

94	Anno	vicefimo	Georgh	II.	c.	38..	[1747J

hey hereby to be railed and received, and providing for the persons intitled to the benefits of and provifions made by this a<9; and for the auditing the accounts, and the controuling, allowing, or difallowing the tranfaefions of the laid prefident, alii Hants, 'or committees, and of the faid officers, fervants, and perfons; and the fame by-laws, orders, ordinances, and conftitutions, fo made, to put in ufe accordingly; rfnd at their will and plea-fnre to revoke, change, and alter the fame ; which faid by-laws, orders, and ordinances, fo as aforefaid rriade, fhall be duly kept and obferved, fo always as the faid conftitutions, by-laws* orders, and ordinances, be reafonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the ftatutes, cuftoms, of laws of this kingdom, or any of the exprefs regulations of this a<5h Prefident not	Provided	alfo,	and it is hereby declared, That in cafe

attending,	prefident	fhall	at	any time not attend, then if (hall be lawful

another to be to and for the faid alfiftanfs, or committees, at a court of af-deputed. fiftants or committees, and the faid governors, at a general court, to depute and appoint any other perfon a member or gor-vernor of the faid corporation, to prefide, vote, and adt as prefident in his abfence, and to do all and every adt or adls, thing or things, as well at the faid general court, as at the court of af-fiftants or committees, or otherwife, as he the faid prefident is hereby impowered, authorized or required to do.

XVI.	And, for the encouragement of fuch as fhall be bend-Perfonsgiving factors to fo good a delign, be it enadted by the authority afore-50I. to be go- faid, That if any perfon charitably difpofed, fhall at one or vemors. more payments, pay into the hands of the receiver of the laid

hofpital for the time being, or fuch perfon as fhall be deputed for that purpofe, the full fum of fifty pounds, to and for the good ufes and purpofes in this adt mentioned, fuch perfon fhall be, and is hereby declared to be, from the time of fuch payment of fuch fifty pounds as aforefaid, a governor of the faid hereby .	eredted	corporation.

XVII.	And for the effedting the good ends and purpofes a-and mafters offorefaid, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That every fea-veflels, &c. 1 man> or other perfon whatfoever, who fhall ferve* or be em-to pay 6dt per ployed by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, in any merchant monta. (hip, or other private fhip or veflel belonging, or to belong to any

of the fubjedts of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, in that part of Great Britain called England; and every matter or owner, navigating or working in his own fhip or veflel, whether employed on the high fea, or coafts of the fame, or in any port, bay. Apprentices or creek (other than fuch apprentices, under the age of eighteen excepted, &c. years, as are exempted from payment of fix pence per month to the faid royal hofpital at Greenwich, by an adfc made in the fecond year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anney for the increafe of feamen, and better encouragement of navigation, and fecurity of the coal trade; and fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be employed in any boat, upon any of the coafts of that part of Great Britain calle.d England, in taking of filh, which are brought frelh on fhore; and every perfon and perfons employed in boats or

veflels*

Digitized by v^ooQle

17470 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 38.	95

veflels, that trade only from place $0 place within any river of that part of Great Britain called England, or in any open boats upon the coafts of the fame; and pilots employed on board any (hip or veflel) (hall, from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, pay, and there (hall be allowed and paid by every fuch mafter, owner, feaman, or other perfon employed, or that (hall be employed, fix pence per month of lawful money of Great Britain, yid pro-portionably for a leffer time, during the time he or they (hall be employed in, or belong to, the faid (hip or veflel, for the ufes and purpofes aforefaid.

XVIII.	And it is hereby declared and enafted. That the ma- M

fter, owner, or commander of every fuch merchant or private j^ep^/per (tup or veflfel, is hereby impowered and required to deduct and month, out of detain out of the wages, (hares, or other profits, payable or ac- feamens pay; cruing to fuch feaman, or other perfon employed in his (hip or veflTel, the faid duty of fix pence per month (other than for fuch apprentices, and other perfons, as are before excepted) and (hall pay the fame to fuch officer or officers as (hall on that behalf be and _ the , appointed by the faid prefident and governors, or the truftees to fame to the be appointed at any of the ouc-ports, and their fuccefiors, fpr receiver, the collecting, recovering, and receiving the faid duty of fix pence per month refpeCtively, if fuch feaman, or other perfon,

(hall have or be intitled to any fuch wages, (hares, or profits.

XIX.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be pcce;vcr810 lawful for the faid prefident and governors, and their fuccefiors, be appointed at a full court of afiiftants, or committees, to appoint fuch perfon for the port of or perfons as they (hall think fit, to be receiver or receivers of London 5 the (aid duty at the port of London; and alfo depute and appoint

the collectors, or other officers of the cuftoms of his Majesty, ^ 0ut-porti. his heirs or fuccefiors, in the feveral out-ports of that part of Great Britain called England, or fuch other perfons as they (hall think fit, to colleCt and receive the fame (except in fuch out-ports where feparate truftees (hall be appointed by virtue of this aCt;) which faid receivers, as alfo the faid collectors and officers of the cuftoms (if fo appointed) are hereby impowered andiequired to colleCt, receive, and pay over the faid duty, according to fuch inftruCtions and directions as (hall be, from time to time, fent to them in writing by the faid prefident and governors, and their fuccefiors: and for the care and pains therein of the faid colleCt- salaries to be ors, and other officers of the cuftoms, and others tube appoint- appointed ed to colleCt, recover, and receive the faid duty, it (hall and may them, be lawful for the faid prefident and governors, and their fuccef-fors, at fuch court of afiiftants, or committees, to make fuch allowance to them, out of the faid duties, as they (hall judge reasonable.

XX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Afters to That every mafter, commander, or owner of any merchant (hip, keep a rauftcr-or any other private (hip or veflel, navigating: the fame, or fuch roll * other perfon who (hall have the care thereof, (hall keep a book

by way of a mufter roll» in which (hall be entered his own

chriftian-

Digitized by ^ ooQle

$6	Anno vicefimo GeorqiiII. c.38.	[1747.

chriftian and furname, and the chriftian and fumames of all the officers. Teamen, or other perfons employed in fuch (hip or veiTel, with the ufual place of their abode when on fttore; and over againft each name, the time when, and place where, fhch Teaman, or other perfon, entered into the fervice of fuch (hip or veftel; and in what (hip 01 veflel he performed his lad voyage ; and deliver a duplicate whereof (hall be (igned by the faid mailer, command* duplicates to er, owner, or other perfon having the care of fuch (hip or veflel* the collectors, and (hall be delivered before the departure of fuch (hip or veflel* to the receiver or coUeCtor of the faid duties, at the refpe&ive Mufter-roll to Port t0 wbich fuch or veflel doth belong; and fuch matter* be keptduring cbmmandcr, owner, or other perfon having the care of fuch lhip tbe voyage; or veflel, (hall continue to keep fuch book by way of mufter-roll* during the whole courfe of the voyage, and (haul* from time to time, enter therein, when and where any fuch matter, officers* Teamen, or other perfon (hall be difeharged from, or (hall leave or defert fuch (hip or veflel, and when and where any other officers or men (hall be (hipt on board, deferibing them in the Uke manner as the perfons who firft entered on board are before directed to be deferibed; and when and where any of them received any hurt or damage, or were killed, (lain, or drowned* in Duplicate to cafe there (hall be any fuch; a duplicate of which continuation 'h iTeJq?dt0°^ muftcr-r°N (hall be likewife (igned by the faid mailer* the collector. conunander, or other perfon having the care of the (hip or veflel* and (hall be delivered at the return of fuch (hip or veftel to the receiver or collector of the faid duties, at the refpe&ive port to which fuch (hip or veftel does belong; and true copies of the Copies to be faid duplicates (hall be made by fuch receiver or collector* which filed, and the (hall be filed and kept by him; and the original duplicates (hall tranfinitted to ** transmitted by fuch receiver or collector to the preiident and the governors \ governors aforefaid, to be, by fuch officer as (hall be appointed for ’ that purpofe, filed and kept: and in cafe fuch matter, commander, or other perfon, (hall negleCl to keep fuch book or mufter-roll, or (hall negleCt or refufe to deliver fuch duplicates as aforefaid t and in cafe fuch receiver or collector (hall negleCl to make, keep, and file fuch copies thereof, or negleCt or refufe to tranf-mit the duplicates which (hall be delivered to him as aforefaid* to the faid preiident and governors; they (hall feverally and re-fpeClively forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence or offences* the fum of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain.

XXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid colleClors and receivers, for the better difeovery of what (hall be due from the perfons ferving on board, or belonging to any merchant (hip* or other private (hip or veflel aforefaid, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, to fummon all fuch matters and commanders, or (in their abfence) fuch owner or owners of fuch (hip and veflel, to be and appear at the office of the faid colleClors or receivers refpeCtively (fo as the perfons To fummoned be not obliged to travel above ten miles for the making fuch appearance;) which faid colleClors and receivers are hereby impower-

«	cd

Penalty 10I.

Colle&ors to fummon matters.

Digitized by Google

*747*1 Anno- vicefimo GeoRgii II. c. 38.	97

ed and difeflcd to examine every fuch matter and commander, and examine or owner or owners, upon oath (which oath fuch colle&orsand^J™ uP°n receivers, and every of them refpe<5tively, are hereby impower-ed and required to adminifter) as to the truth of the copy of fuch book or mutter-roll, and as. to the number and times of fervice of all and every perfon and perfons belonging to, or employed in, fuch fhip or veflel, who are liable to, or chargeable witn, the faid fum of fix pence per month; and if fuch matters Marten, &c. or commanders, or (in their abfence) fuch owners, or any of notappearing, them, (hall refufe or negledf, when fo fummoned, to appear before the faid refpedlive perfons hereby impowered to examine them in manner as aforesaid; or if they appear, and obttinately -refufe to make full and true difcovery of the matters aforefaia, upon their feveral oaths 5 then, and in every fuch cafe, all and every fuch offender or offenders, for every fuch refufal, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great forfeit sol. Britain.

XXII.	And, for the more eafy and effe&ual collecting the faid fix pence per month of and from the matters, commanders, and owners of merchant (hips or veflels that are or (hall be hired or employed by the commiflioners, or other officers of the navy, victualling, ordnance, cuftoms, poft-office, or other publick offices, for or in the fervice of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the fecre-clerks of the taries or chief clerks of the aforefaia offices, or any other pub- offices hiring lick offices of the crown, ufually hiring or employing (hips or{^P.*j^ h,s veflels for or in the fervice of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccef- vice\ to deliver fore, (hall, and they are hereby refpedUvely required to deliver duplicates of a duplicate of the lift or account ot the number and names of the (hips and fuch IMps fo hired or employed, and of the names of the ma-CI™**° iters, commanders, and owners of every fuch (hip or veflel re-co e tor~ lpedtively, and of the numbers of feamen, or other perfons employed in fuch (hip or veflel, to the receiver or collector of the laid duty of fix pence per month at the port of London, or any of the out-ports to which fuch (hip or veflel does refpeftively belong, granted by this a&, as is by virtue of an adt made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to be deli- a Geo. 1. c. fi vercd to the receiver or colledtor at the faid port of London, of the duty of fix pence per month given towards the fupport of the laid royal hofpital at Greenwich; and the faid fecretaries, chief clerks, and alfo all and every other officers of or belonging to the bid offices, and the matters, commanders, and owners of any (hips or veflels* hired and employed, or to be hired or employcci by them, or any of them* are hereby alfo required to doidrcry other adt, matter, or thing, for the due and effectual payment of the faid fix pence per month hereby granted, as is directed and required to be done by the faid adt of the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the effedtual payment of the duty of fix pence per month granted to the faid royal hofpital; and the hud fecretaries, chief clerks, or other officers, or any of them, and the faid matters, commanders,

Vol. XIX.	H	and

nalties of Use faid a&«

longs.

Veflel not to be cleared till tKeduty paid.

Anno vicefimo GeorGii II. c. 38;	£1747.

and owners of any (hips or veflels hired and employed by them, under the pe- or any of them, (hall be fubjedt and liable to the like penalties ** L- and forfeitures for any default, negledt, or omiflion, that (hall be made in any of the adts, matters, or things, hereby required to be by them refpedlively done and performed, or for adting contrary to the directions of this adt, as they are fubjedt and liable to by virtue of the faid adt of the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for any default, negledt, or omiflion, in any of the qdts, matters, or things required to be done and performed by, or for adting contrary to, the directions of the faid adt.

Mailers to pay XXIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, the 6d. per That all and every the matters, commanders, and owners of ail w?le^rofthe mcrchant (hips, and other private (hips and veflels whatfoever, port where by this adt made liable to the payment of the faid duty of fix the (hip be- pence per month, (hall pay all fuch monies as (hall from time to time be due from them, and every of them refpedlivdy, to the collectors and receivers to be appointed in purfuance of this adt, for or on account of the faid duty, at the ports only to which fuch (hips or veflels do refpedtively belong, and before any fuch (hips or veflels (hall be cleared inwards, by the officers of the cuftoms of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, in any 01 the ports of that part of Great Britain called England \ and that np cuftomer, collector, comptroller, receiver, furveyor, fearcher, waiter, or other officer whatfoever, of or belonging to the enf-toms of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, (hall at any time hereafter clear inwards any merchant (hip, or other private Ihip or veflel whatfoever, by this adt maeje or declared liable to the payment of the faid duty of fix pence per month, or grant any warrant, or give or grant out any cockets, tranfires, returns, or difeharges, unto or for any fuch (hip or veflel whatfoever, of (hall permit or fuffer any fuch (hip or veflel to go out of any ot the ports before mentioned, until the faid matter, commander, or owner or owners of every fuch (hip or veflel refpedtivelr, (hall and do produce and (hew forth, unto fuch officer or ameers, an acquittance or certificate figned by the faid receiver or receivers, collector or collectors of the faid duties, whereby it (hall appear that fuch matter, commander, or owner or owners, have duly and fully paid and difeharged the faid duty, and that he or they is or are not more than three months in arrear for the fame, or that thev are exempted from the payment of the faW duty by virtue ot the exceptions herein contained; and every matter, comjuander, and owner of any fuch (hip or veflel, who (hall refufe or negledt to pay the faid duty of fix pence per month, in the manner, and within the time herein before mentioned, limited, and appointed, for payment thereof, and alfo every cuftomer, colledlor, comptroller, receiver, furveyor, fearcher, waiter, and other officers of. the cuftoms, who (hall make default in any of the premifles enjoined them refpedtively by this adt, or (hall in any wife adt contrary to the<lire<5tions herein before mentioned, (nail, for every fuch refufal, negledt, default,

or

Mailers and other officers making deficit.

Digitized by

i74jl.J Anno vicefimo GeOroii II. c. 38.	99

or aff* forfeit the fum of twenty pounds of lawful money of forfeit 101. Gmi Britain.

XftV. And to prevent unneceflary delays in clearing fuch Mafters not (hips and veflels, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That producing ac-in cafe the matter, commander, or owner of any (hip or veflel, ^^wafters (hall got produce fuch acquittance or certificate as aforefaid, to t0 becontinu-the tkfe-furveyor when he (hall come on board in order to clear ed on board at fuch (hip or veflel, the tide-waiters on board fuch (hip or vef- their expence, fel (hall be continued, until fuch acquittance or certificate is produced, at the expence of fuch owner, mafler, or commander, and not at the axpence of the crown.

. XXV. Provided, gnd be it further ena&ed by the authority Affirmationof aforefaid, That in all cafes wherein by this a£t an oath is re- Quakers. . quired or appointed to be taken, the folcmn affirmation and declaration of the people called Quakers (hall be accepted inftead of fuch oath, in fuch manner and forip, as by the laws and ftatutes of this kingdom is dire&ed and appointed; and if any Penalty on fuch Quaker (hall refufe to make fuch folemn affirmation and retu^^» declaration, in any cafe wherein any other perfon is hereby required to take an oath, every fuch Quaker fo refufing, (hall, for every fuch offence, be fubjedl to the like forfeitures and penalties, as any other perfon refufing to take an oath is made liable to by this adt; and in cafe any fuch Quaker (hall, upon his fo- and on falfe Jemn affirmation or declaration, affirm or declare any matter affirming, ajul^ which (hall be falfe j or if any other perfon, before any fuch »wcannB* colledbr, receiver, or other perfon, hereby authorized to admi-niftcr oaths, (hall wilfully make a falfe oath, every fuch Quaker, or other perfon, being thereof lawfully convidled, (hafi, for every fuch offence, fuffer and be liable to the like fines, pains, penalties, and punifliments, as perfons convidled of wilful and comipt perjury are fubjedt and liable to by the laws of that part of Great Britain called England.

XXVI.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority Charges of iforefeid, That the charges, cofts, andexpences, in and about a^* procuring and obtaining this adl of parliament, (hall be paid DUt of the firft monies to be raifed and contributed by virtue hereof, at the port of London.

XXV H. And whereas the makers, commanders, and other officers md teamen, employed in Jbips or veffiels belonging to perfons rejiding u /me of the out-ports of this kingdom, may be defirous of paving he fix pence per month to be allowed and paid by them out of their voges9 by virtue of and for the purpofes of this afty to be under the lircftion and management of perfons refiding in or near to fuch outsorts rtfpeflively; therefore be it further enadled by the authority tforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, me thousand feven hundred and forty feven, it (hall and may e lawful to and for the owners of, and the matters and com- Owners and landers employed on board the (hips and veflels belonging to^rs of lerfoqa refiding at any of the faid out-ports, to aflemble and rt,I!p^°[0°^ct leet, at any proper time and place within the limits of the faid ’ om * •ut-ports, that (hall be by any five or more of them appointed,

Ha	by

xoo

and appoint truftees for the duties;

who are to continue till *6 December. New truftees to be chofen yearly.

Inftruraent of the election tc be fent to the prefident, See.

Five truftees impowered to make by-laws and appoint officers in the out ports.

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. C. 38.	[1747,

by giving ten days previous notice to be fixed at the cuftom-houfe wharf, key, or any other publick place, at fuch refpccEtive out-port; and fuch owners, mailers, and commanders, or the

Greater part of them, being fo ailembled as aforefaid, are here-y authorized and impowered, from time to time, to nominate and appoint, by an inftrument in writing under their hands and feals, fifteen perfons to be truftees for fuch out-port, for receiving, collecting, and applying the faid fix pence per month, to be allowed, collected, ana received by virtue of this aCt, at fuch refpeCtive out-port, for relief and fupport of the ieamen employed on board the (hips or veflels belonging to fuch perfons refpeCtively, and their widows and children, as (hall be intitled thereto by virtue of this aCt; which faid truftees (hall continue to the twenty fixth day of December next after fuch election, and until new truftees are nominated, appointed, and confirmed: and that within ten days after every twenty fixth day of December yearly, the owners, mailers, and commanders at fuch refpeChve out-ports, (hall have power to meet and choofe fifteen perfons to be truftees for the year enfuing, by an inftrument in writing under the hands and feals of the owners, mailers, and commanders, or the majority of them fo aflembled, having given previous notice as aforefaid; which faid refpeClive truftees (hall continue, from time to time, until new truftees are nominated, appointed, and confirmed; which inftrument (hall be fent to 1 the faid prefident and affiftants, or committees, who are hereby authorized and required to confirm the fame under the common feal of the faid corporation, without fee or reward, within ten days after the receipt thereof: which faid truftees, when they (hall be fo confirmed as aforefaid, whereof five (hall be a quo-, rum, (hall be veiled with, and have the fame powers and audio-• rities to make by-laws, and to revoke or alter the fame, and for taking, receiving;, and applying any fum or Turns of money which* (hall be contributed, devifed, or bequeathed by any wdl-difpofed perfons; and for appointing receivers and other officers; ana for collecting, recovering, receiving, paying, and applying the faid fix pence per month, to be allowed and paid by the teamen, or others ferving on board any (hip or veflel belonging to fuch perfons refpectively at fuch out-ports, as are given and granted by this aft, to the prefident and governors aforefaid, according to fuch rules, orders, and regulations as are or (hall be eftablhhed by virtue, and in purfuance of this act; and the faid receivers, and other officers, (hall have the fame powers and authorities as the other receivers and officers to be appointed in purfuance of this act, and (hall be fubject and liable tQ the fame penalties and forfeitures; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXVIII. And whereas by letters patent, bearing date the eighteenth day af December, in the fixth year of the reign of the late Ring Edward the fixth, certain merchants therein namedy and their fiucejfers, rejiding at the city and port of Briftol, are incorporated by the name of The mailer, wardens, and commonalty of merebants^ven-2	tarns

Digitized by

IOI

17Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 38,

turprs of the city of Brifiol; which Jaid fociety of merchants are wiBsfgf for the benefit of the feamen employed on board Jhips and vef-fels mjbi fervice of merchants> and other traders belonging to the find dtp and port, to undertake the collection and application of the faid fix pence pet month, to be paid at the city and port; and alfo to receive and apply any donations that well-dtfpofed perfons may give for the reHof and fupport of fuch feameny as /hall be maimed and difabled, and for tie widows aud children of thofe who /ball be killed, fiain7 or drowned in the fervice of the faid merchants and traders; therefore be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the maf- Merchanti-ter, wardens, afliftants, and treafurer of the faid incorporated venturers of fociety for the time being, (hall be truftees, and (hall have, and trJ*~ be veiled with the like powers and authorities for collecting, re- JStiesre. C covering, receiving, arid applying the faid fix pence per month, ceived there, to be allowed, collected, and received by virtue of this aCt, at &c. the (aid city and port5 and for taking, receiving, and applying any fum or fums of money which (hall be contributed, devifed, and bequeathed by any well-difpofed perfons for relief and fup-poit of the feamen employed on board the (hips or veflels belonging to the merchants or traders refiding at the faid city and port, and their widows and children, as (hall be entitled thereto by virtue of this aCt 5 and to appoint receivers, and other officers for the purpofes aforefaid, as are given and granted by virtue of this ad, to the prefident and governors aforefaid, according to fuch rules, orders, and regulations, as are or (hall be eftablifned by virtue of this aCt; and fuch receivers, and other officers, (hall have the fame powers and authorities as the other receivers and officers to be appointed by virtue of this ad, and (hall be fub-jeCt and liable to the like penalties and forfeitures; and the faid mafter, wardens, afliftants, and treafurer, (hall alfo have power to rake and receive any lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fuch manner, and for the like purpofes only, as the faid prefident and governors are by this aCt impowered to take and receive lands, tenements, and hereditaments; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXIX,	And whereas the guild or brotherhood of mafiers and pi-lots, feamen of the Trinity houfe of the town and port of Kingfton upon Hull, are willing., for the benefit of the feamen employed on beard flips and veffels in the fervice of merchants and other traders belonging to the Jaid town and port> to undertake the collection and application of the faid fix pence per month, to be paid at the faid town and port 5 and alfo to receive and apply any donations that welUdif-pofed perfons may give for the relief and Jupport of fuch feamen as Jhatt m maimed and dijabled, and of the widows and children of thofe who JbaUie killed, /lain, or drowned in the fervice of the faid mer * chants and traders; therefore be it further enaCted by the autho- Trin-|tv Honfe rity aforefaid. That the guild or brotherhood of matters and 0fHull, tru-pifots, feamen of the Trinity Houfe of the town and port of (tees tor the Ksnglten upon Hully for the time being, (hall be truftees, and duties, See. fluff have and be vetted with'the like powers and authorities for Reived mere, Colk&iAg, recovering, receiving;, and applying the faid fix pence

H 3	per

102	AnDO	viccfimo G^orgh II. c. 38.	[*747*

ter month, to be paid at the faid town and port; and for taking, receiving, and applying any fum or fums of money as (hall be contributed, devifed, or bequeathed by any well-difpofed perfons, for the relief and fupport of fuch feamen, and'their widows and children, as (hall be intitled thereto, by virtue of this adt; and for appointing receivers, and other officers, for the purpofes aforefaid, as are given and granted by virtue of this adf, to the prefident and governors aforefaid, according to fuch rules, orders, and regulations, as are or (hall be eftabnfh-ed by virtue of this adt; and fuch receivers and other officers (hall have the fame powers and authorities as the other receivers and officers, to be appointed in purfuance of this a£t, and (hall be fubjedt and liable to the like penalties and forfeitures; any thine herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

Colle&orsof XXX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, out ports, to yhat nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to cates6 to the extend>; to oblige the receivers or collectors of the faid duty, to truftees of the be appointed by the truftees of any of the faid refpedtive out-out-pom. ports, to fend the duplicates of the books or mufter-rolls hereby diredled to be delivered to fuch receivers or collectors, by the matter, or other perfon having the care of any (hip or veflel, to the faid prefident and afliftants, or committees; but fuch duplicates (hall be delivered by fuch collector or receiver, after making and filing copies thereof, to the faid truftees refpeitively, to be bv them filed and kept for their ufe and infpedtton.

Seamen not XXXI. Provided ajways, and it is hereby declared. That no paying the feaqian or other perfon employed on board any merchant (hip, duty, not to 0r other private (hip or veflel, (hall be intitled to have or receive be benefited. any provjflon or benefit by virtue of this act, at the port of London, or any out-port, but thofe who are fubject and liable to, and (hall pay the faid duty of fix pence per month as aforefaid, at the faid port of London, or out-ports refpeclively.

Thofe who XXXII. Provided alfo, and be it declared. That thofe fea-have fervtd, men who (hall have been longed in the faid fervice, and contri-

*c-1ongeft, bated mod towards the faid duty, (hall be firft provided for as to be firft pro-	,	j	»	r

videdfor. worn out or decrepit.

XXXIII. And whereat it may happen that feamen or other perfons employed on board Jhips or vejfels, mayy by accident in loading er unloading the famey or otherwife in doing their duty on Jhorey as well as on board fuch Jhips or vejfels, receive fuch hurt or damage, that it may endanger their lives, to fend them to the port to which the Jhipi or vejfels do refpeftively belong; therefore be it further enacted by Maimed fea- the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any feaman, or other per-fon employed on board any (hip qr veflel, (hall, in doing his duty on (hore, or on board any fuch (hip or veflel, break an arm or leg, or be otherwife hurt or maimed, fo that immediate care is neceflary to be taken of him, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid prefident and governors at the port of London, and the refpedtive truftees for the out-ports, and they arc hereby required to provide proper relief for fuch feaman or other perfon 6	that

Digitized by

1747*1 Anno viccfimo Georgii II. c. 38.	103

that Jhall be fo hurt or maimed, until he (hall be fo well reco-till they can vered of fuch hurt or damage, as to be removed and fent with be rcm!>vcit^ fafety to the refpe&ive port towhjch fuch (hip or veffel does be- ^{reiWbe-Jong; and the expence of removing and fending fuch feamanlongs; or other perfon to fuch refpecStive port, not exceeding two pence per mile per mile, (hall be paid by the faid prefident and governors at allowcci them, the port of London, or by the truftees for the refpedive out-port to which fuch feaman or other perfon (hall be fo removed and fent; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Difabled fea-faid, That in cafe any feaman, ot other perfon, (hall ferve five years or more, on board merchant or other private (hips or 5 yCars> veflels, belonging to different ports, and (hall have paid the (ixF	*

pence per month for that time, and (hall become decrepit and worn out, and adjudged, either by the faid prefident and aflift-ants, or the rCfpe<5tive truftees, a proper object of relief, fuch perfon (hall be provided for and relieved at the refpe&ive port t0 provided where he (hall have contributed and paid the greateft part of the for where they faid duty of fix pence per month for the laft five years of his contri-ferviCe; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in buted moft* any wife notwithftanding.	*

XXX V. And whereas it may happen that feamen employed in the Seamen (hip-mtrcbattts ftruice, within the limits of this aft, may be Jhipwrecked, wrecked, or or taken by the enemies of his Majefiy, his heirs andfuccejfors, and jmr°ners, *j° eft their return from imprifonment, may be travelling with paffes to “ rc ievc * theplaeadf their refptftive abodes; be it enaefted by the authority afetfefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid prefident and governors, or the refpe&ive truftees, if they think fit, to relieve any fuch feaman in fuch manner as they (hall think proper, any thirtg in this a£k contained to the contrary thereof in anf wife notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	And whereas there may be feme circumftances wherein Where certify certificates herein before-mentioned cannot be obtained; be it there- * can”ok fore farther erta6ted by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes allowed! where the certificates directed to be produced by this adt cannot beobtained, fuch other certificates as dial! be (atisfadlory to the

fiid prefident and governors, or truftees refped}ively, (hall be received atid allowed of, to intitle the party producing the fame to the penfions of other relief provided by this adt; any thing Herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-fcmdtog.

XXXVII.	And whereas the united company of merchants ^/England trading Jo the Eaft Indies, have, at their own cxpence, con-jlanily provided for fuch feamen employed by them as ha:e been rendered incapable of prejent or future ferviee, by ft chiefs, wounds, or other accidental misfortunes, and for the widows and children of fuch fiat/ten as have been killed, fain, or drowned in their ferviee, and hotoi tflahlijhed a fufficient fund for that purpofe, and are willing to iwinue fuch provifion, and are therefore defirous that the officers and ftothen employed in their ferviee, and the Jervants and apprentices of

H 4	fuih

Digitized by Go< e

io4	Anno vicefimo Georgii II. C.38.	[1747.

fuch officers, may be exempted from the payment of the fix pence per Seamen in the month ; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Iudia com- no mailer or commander^ officer, mariner, or feaman, or fer-exempted|1CC vant or aPPrcn^ce of any matter or commander, or officer of ^ any (hip or veflel, of or belonging unto or employed, or which (hall be employed by or in the (ervice of the faid united company of merchants ot England trading to the Eajl Indies, during the time they (hall be fo refpedtively employed in the faid company’s fervice, (hall in any wife be liable or fubjedl to the laid duty or payment of fix pence per month; but that every fuch matter or commander, officer, mariner, or feaman, and every fervant and apprentice of fuch matter or commander, or officer of any (hip or veflel of or belonging unto, or employed by or in the faid company’s fervice as aforefaid, (hall, during the time of fuch fervice, be totally exempt from the payment thereof $ any thing in this adt contained to the contrary notwithttanding. and excluded. XXXVIII. Provided always, That no matter or commander, officer, mariner, or feaman, or any fervant or apprentice of any matter or commander, or officer employed in the fervice of the faid united company, (hall have or be intitled to any benefit by this adt, for or in refpedt of any incapacity by (icknefs, wounds, or other accidental misfortune happening unto them, during the time of their being employed in the faid company’s fervice ; nor (hall the widows or children of fuch feamen as (hall be killed, (lain, or drowned in the fervice of the faid united company, be intitled to any benefit or relief by or from this alt, by reafon or means of any fuch feaman’s being killed, (lain, or arowned during the time they (hall be employed in the faid company’s fervice as aforefaid.

Forfeitures XXXIX. And be it further enabled by the authority afbre-how to be re- That all and every the pecuniary forfeitures and penalties applied/ and which he incurred by virtue of this adt, or any daufe # therein contained, (hall be iued for and recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, in that part of Great Britain called England, wherein no effoin, protedtion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and if a verdidt (hall pafs for the plaintiff in any fuch adtion, bill, plaint, or informa-Pouble cods, tion, then fuch plaintiff mall have and be allowed double cofts of fuit; and that one moiety of all and every the faid forfeitures and penalties, when recovered, (hall go and be applied to the ufes and purpofes of this adt, and the other moiety to the ufc of fuch perfon as (hall fue for the fame in manner aforefaid.

XL. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Publick adt. ^ be deemed anc* ta^en to a publick adt, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juttices, and Limitation of others, without fpecially pleading the fame; and if any adtion actions. fhall be brought, or fuit commenced againft any perfon or per-fons, for any thing done in purfu&nce of this aa, or in relation to the premifles, or any of them; every fuch adlion or fuit (hall be laid or brought within three months next after, in the county or place where the fadt was done, and not elfcwhcre; and the

defendant

Digitized by Google

1747.] Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 39.	105

defendant or defendants, in fuch adion, may plead the general General iffuc. iflhe, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad 5 and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch adion or fuit (hall not be brought within the time before limited, or (hall be brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their adion or adions, of if a verdid (hall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the faid defendant or defendants (hall have double cods, and (hall have fuch remedy for Double coils, recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cods in other caufes by law.

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft for granting a duty to bis Majefiy, to be faid by difiillers, upon licences taken out by them for retailing fpi-rituous liquors.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made and paffed in the i6Geo.s.c. S.

fixteentb year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled,

An ad for repealing certain duties on fpirituous liquors, and on licences for retailing the fame; and for laving other duties on fpirituous liauors, and on licences to retail the faid liquors; it was, amongfi other things, enafted, That no perfon or perfons Jhould, from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufimd feven hundred and forty three, prefume to retail any brandy, rum, arrack, ufquebaugb, geneva, aqua vitae, or any other diftiUed fpirituous li-quors, or firong waters unmixed, or mixed with themfelves, or any other ingredients, without firft taking out a licence from his Majefiy's commfflaners of excife for Jo doing, in manner as was therein dtrefted and appointed, and upon payment of the fum of twenty Jbillings yearly for Jtub licence, under the penalties in the faid aft contained; and no licences were thereby allowed to be granted for retailing, except to fuch perfons only who Jhould keep taverns, viftualling-houfes, inns, coffee-houfes, or ale-houfts; and it was therein alfo enabled. That no per-fon Jhould be deemed, or taken to be a retailer of fpirituous liquors, who did not retail in lefs quantities than one pint: and whereas by another aft of parliament made and paffed in the fevent eentb year of his Mpjefiy's reign, intituled. An ad for granting to his Majedy Geo % the forplus or remainder of the monies arifen, or to arife, by the c; ,7. duties on fpirituous liquors, granted by an ad of the lad feflion of parfiament; and for explaining and amending the faid ad, in relation to the retailers of fuch liquors; and for edablilhing an agreement with the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies ; it was, amongft other things, enafted.

That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufimd feven hundred and forty four, every perfon who Jhould retail any fpirituous liquors, mixed or unmixed with any ingredients, in lefs quantity than two gallons (except fuch perfons only as by the faid aft of the

fixteentb

Digitized by v^ooQle

to6 .	.Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 39.	[-1747.

fix teen tb year of his prefent Majejly, were authorized and iHtpower-ed to take out licences for that purpofe) Jbouli he deemed a retailer of fpirituous liquors within the meaning of the fame, and as fuch, far-feit and lofe the fum of ten pounds for every Jueh offence: and whereas the reJlriSlions and penalties in the faid a Sis contained, have been found to he inconvenient, fo far as relates to bon eft reputable diJf'tUers, and the alteration thereof, in that particular, will alfo tend to the benefit of his Majejly s revenue: we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament af-fembled, do give and grant unto your Majefty the fates and duties on certain perfons to be hereby authorized to retail fpirita-ous liquors herein after mentioned; and do moft humbly be-fecch your Majefty, that it may be enaefted; and be it therefore # enadled by the King’s rood excellent Majefty, by and with (he advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament- aflembied, and by the autho-Di(tillers	rity of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of

within the June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and bills of mor- forty feven, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the fcveral outdances diftillers within the cities of London and Wejlminfter, borough of r ,	*	Southwark,	or	weekly	bills of mortality to take out licences

from hteMajcfty's commiffioners of exciie, for retailing brandy, rum, arrack, ufquebaugh, gerteva, Aqua vita, or any other fpirituous liquors or ftrong wafers-; and the faid commiflionefs of upon payment excife are hereby authorized, impoWefed, and required to g^ant of 51, yearly. fuch licences to every drftilTer and diftiHers, within' the limits a-Tbis duty re- forefaidy who (hall apply for the fame, upon payment of five pealed by 24 pounds for every fuch licence, to be raifed, levied, collected, and Geo. a. c. 40. paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs 5 and the fame to be renewedyCarly, upon payment of the like fum of five ppunds, and to the fame ufes, intents, and purpofes, and fuch licences to be taken out in the fame manner, and fubjedV to the like penalties for retailing without licence, as are directed, appointed, and ent&ed by the above-mentioned att of the fixteenth year of Ms- prefent Majefty.

Diftillers m II. Provided always, That no more than one licence (hall be

Enerlhip to granted to any diftiUer of diftillers in parmerfhip, whereby to ice!11 °nC auth°r>ze him, her,' or them to retail any fpirituous liquors, or ftrong waters* within the intent and meaning of this adb; and Qualification that no fbchdiftiller of diftillers ffiall be allowed to take oura tor licences. jrcence	jnithority	of the feme, unlefs he, fhe, of they,

inhabiting within the city of London, are refpedtively fated, arid do pay church and poors rates for the value of twenty pounds per annum, and inhabiting in any other parts within the weekly bills of mortality, for the value of ten pounds per annum, in the parifh or place where he, fhe. Of they (hall exercife the trade of diftilling j and if any licences (hall be granted otherwife, or to any other perfons than as aforefaid, the feme are hereby declared void to all intents and purpofes.

Penalty on HI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That diiuncis re- nQ	or	diftillers	fhall, by virtue of any fuch licence, re-

tail

Digitized by

1747*1	Anno.vicefimo Georgii II. c. ^	iqj

tail any fpirituou6 liquors, or ftrong waters, in any other place tailing liquors* or places than in his, her, or their own public (hop and (hops only, and in no more than one (hop by virtue of any one licence, mop8> c* under pain of forfeiting for every fuch offence the Ann of ten pounds.

IV.	And the better to prevent tippling, or any other difois Penalty on ders being committed, under colour or pretence of the liberty permitting by this aft granted, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any diftiller or diftillers, licenced and authorized by vir- £C#

tue of this aft, (hall at any time, from and after the twenty

fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven

hundred and forty feven, by him, her, or themfelves, or by any

other perfon or perfbns employed by him, her, or them, fell or

vend any fpirituous liquors to be drank in his, her, or their (hop

or (hops, houfes, or other places thereunto belonging, or (hall

wilfully fuffer or permit any perfon or perfons to drink or tipple

any fuch liquors in any tne places aforefaid, every diftiller or

diftillers fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and

pay the fum of ten pounds; all which penalties and forfeitures penalties how

lhall be fued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated by fuch ways, to be recover-

srcans, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, isoredandap-

may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife; P^d*

the one moiety whereof (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs and

Aicceifors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall dif-

cover, inform, and profecute for the feme.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Penalty on every perfon and perfons who (hall, from and after the twenty perfons found fourth day of Juw9 in the year of Qur Lord one thoufand feven	i*

hundred and forty feven, be found drinking or tippling in the ert opf* horde, (hpp, or other place belonging to any diftiller or diftillers, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, (haU, for every fuch offence, feverally forfeit and pay the fum of twenty ihiilxngs, to be recovered and levied by way of complaint, to be made within three weeks after fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, before one or more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace for and near the place and places where the fame (hall happen, who is and are hereby required to fummon before him or them the party or parties fo offending, and in default of appearance, to iffue waf rants for apprehending fuch offender or offenders, and then proceed to examine fuch complaint upon oath (which oath he and they are hereby authorized to adminifter) and upon due proof of fuch offences, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefsor witneffes, to convift the offender or offenders accordingly; and in cafe fuch forfeitures (hall not be forthwith, after fuch conviftion or conviftions, paid, that then the fame (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale of fuch offender's goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hand and foal, or hands and feals of fuch juftice or juftices, rendering the overplus, if any, to fuch offender or offenders; and fuch forfeitures when levied, (hall go and be applied to and for the ufe pf the poor of the parilh where fuch offence or offences (hall be

committed;

Digitized by v. )Q 1C

io8	Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 40.	[1747.

committed; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, fuch offender or offenders (hall be committed to the houfe of correction, for any time not exceeding two months, and not lefs than fourteen days, there to be kept to hard labour; and no perfon or pcr-fons fo to be convifted, (hall be capable of receiving any part of the penalties or forfeitures incurred by the diftiller or diftillers who (hall fell or vend any fuch liquors fo to be drank or tippled 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XL.

An aft to revive, continue, and amend an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Firjt, intituled, An aft for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the feveral rivers emptying themfelves at the faid town; and alfo for preferring fhips, wintering in the (aid haven, from accidents by fire.

WHEREAS the ancient borough of Great Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk, hathy by long experience, been found to he of great importance y for advancing his Majejly's fervice and revenue* and trade in general, and rhore efpecially the fijheryy and for educating and employing many thoufands of Jkillful mariners andfeamen : and whereas the inhabitants of the faid borough, being unable to fup* port the great and unavoidable charge of clearing, repairing, and maintaining the haven and piers belonging to the faid borough, have, from time to timey been aided and relieved by feveralfuccejjtve a Sis of parliament: and whereas an aft was made in the ninth year of toe 9 Geo. 1. c.xo. reign of his late majejly King George the Firjl (of glorious memory) whereby feveral duties were granted for clearings depthening, repair* ingy extending, maintaining, and improving the faid haven and piers ; and for depthening the channel of that part of the river Yare called Bray don \ and for making more navigable the faid river Yare, and the rivers Waveney and Bure, which empty themfelves into the haven of the Jaid town of Yarmouth; and for repairing the bridge and publick keys belonging to the faid town ; and alfo for preferving/hips wintering in the faid haven; which aft being expired, the faid haven and piers have of late beeny and fill continue to be in fo bad a condi-tiony that the great fums of money already expended in and about the jhmty will prove ufelefsy and the faid haven and piers inevitably fall foon into irreparable decayy unlefs timely and effeftual provifton be made by parliament to prevent the dejlruftion thereof: to the end therefore that the faid haven and piers may be preferved and kept in repair; and that the channel of that part of the river Yare called Braydony leading from Great Yarmouthy to the city of Norwich; and fo much of the faid river Yarey as lies between the new mills in Norwich and Hardly Crofs in Hardly, in the county

Digitized by

1747*] Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 41.	109

of Norfolk; and alfo the rivers Waveney and Burey commonly called the North River, may be depthened and made more navigable for boats and keels ufually palling upon the fame ; be it enafted, £sfr.

The duties granted by the recited aft made payable for % years. The powers and claufes. See, of the recited aft revived. Twelve comffiiiTtoners to be eie&ed. Collectors to account to them. CommiiTioners to iafpeft the accounts of the monies due at the expiration of the recited aft.

CAP. XLI.

An aft for vefting in bis Majefiy the eftates of certain traitors, and for more effeftually difcovering the fame, and applying the produce thereof to the ufe of his Majefiy, and for afeertaining and fatisfying the lawful debts and claims thereupon.

WHEREAS a moft defperate and bloody war and rebellion hath been levied and raifed againfl his Majefiy, in favour of the pretender to his crowny headed by the eldefi fon of the faid pretender, and ajjified by a body of troopsyfurnifhed by the enemies of his Majefiy and as kingdomSy in which a number of his Majefiy'sfubjeftSy con-trary to their duty and allegiancey have been wickedly and traiteroufiy engaged; and it being highly reafonabky that the eftates, real and ptrfonaly of the rebels and traitorsy who have been or Jhall be duly attainted as guilty of9 or engaged in the faid rebellion jhould be dif-covered and applied to the ufe of his Majefiy, in the mofi fbeedy and eftfinal manner; and that due provifton be made for the Jatisjaftion of alljuft and lawful claimsy which any of his Maiefiy's dutiful and loyal Jubjefts may have to, upon, or out of the eftates of fuch rebels did traitors; be it therefore enalted by the King** molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice ai>d confenjt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTem-bled, and by the authority of the lame. That all and every the The cftates lands and heretages, debts, or Turns of money, and goods or rcai an<j p^. chattels whatfoever, and generally the eftates, goods, and effects, fonal of cer-heretable and moveable, real and perfonal, defcendible to heirs traitors or executors, jurifdiftions, life-rent rights, of of what namre^^T/11 hlg or kind foever they be, in that part of Great Britain called Scot- * landy or elfewhere, whereof any perfon or perfons, who, fince the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and forty five, hath or have been attainted, or, before the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, (hall be attainted by any laws or ftatutes of this realm of high treafon, for levying war within this realm, or for confpiring the death of his Majeftv, or for any other high treafon whatfoever, committed before the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, within Great Britain, or elfe-wbere, was, were, or (hall have been feifed or poflelTed of, or intcrefted in, or intitled unto on the twenty fourth day of June% one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, or at any time afterr

wards,

*

Digitized by LjOOQle

iio	Anno viccfimo Georgii II. C.4.1J	[*747'

Wards, in his, her, or their own right, or to his, her, or their t>wn ufe, or whereof any other perlon or perfons was, were, or fhall have been feifed or pofleffed of, or interefted in, or intided unto, to the ufe of, or in trqft for them, or any of them, (hall, according to the feveral and refpecftive eftates and interefts, Which the (aid peffon or perfons, attainted or to be attainted, within fuch days and times as aforefaid, or any in truft for them, or any of them, had or (hall have had therein as aforefaid, or did or might forfeit by fuch attainder, (land and be forfeited to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and (hall be deemed, veft-cd, and adjudged, and are hereby declared and enabled to be in the adhial and real poffeffion of his Majesty, without any office or inquifition thereof hereafter to be taken or found, and without any declarator of forfeiture to be obtained.

II.	And to the end that all the eftates of the faid traitors, of what nature foever, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, hereby, or otherwife vefted, or hereby intended to be t. Vefted in his Majesty, and the yearly and other values thereof , and all incumbrances thereupon, may be the better difcovered, | known, defcribed,	and afcertained, and that the rents,	iffues,	j

and profits thereof	may be recovered and brought in for	the ufe	I

of his Majesty, and that due examination be taken, and fatif-faction made of all juft and lawful claims to, upon, or out of I the faid eftates, or any of them ; be it further enadled by the Barons of the authority aforefaid.	That the lord chief baron, and other	barons	j

SrotlanS'^o1	the court of exchequer in Scotland for the time being,	or any	j

inquire into three or more of them, are hereby authorized, impowered, ana ‘ the forfeited required to inquire into all fuch eftates, both real and perfonal, eftates $ within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as are hereby, of otherwife vefted, or hereby intended to be vefted in his Maje-and to caufe fty • and to caufe all and every the rents, iffues, and profits of 1 aid^o'his0 ** ^	rea^ e^atesJ unt^ thereof, to be effectually levied

fSajefty's#re-%an<* Pa^ unto receiver-general of his Majesty’s land rents, ceiver gene- and cafualties in Scotland, for the time being, who is hereby rend, See. quired to pay the fame forthwith into the receipt of his Maje-(ty’s exchequer at Wejlminjler, for his Majesty’s ufe; and to andtheper- account for the fame in like manner, as other publick monies fonal eftates, received and paid by him into the faid receipt, are accounted for fekedand ^im» anc* t0 Jcvy* raife, fecure, and caufe to be fold, all fold, after fuch goods, debts, and perfonal chattels and eftates, within Scot-claims deter- land, as are hereby, or otherwife vefted in his Majesty, and to mined, &c. fell the faid real eftates, after the claims relating to fuch eftates tefpedtively (hall be determined, or otherwife difpofe of the fame in the manner herein after provided; and out of the rents and produce of the faid eftates, real or perfonal, to caufe payment -	or fatisfa&ion to be made of fuch fums of money, as (hall be

wed in a°(um- to any claimants upon the fame; and in the execution of the mary way. premrffes, the faid barons (hall and may proceed in virtue of the power hereby granted to them, in a fummary way, without the formalities ufually pra&ifed or obferved in their proceedings, as a court of jufticC.

HI. And

Digitized by Google

Ill

174.7.3 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 4r.

III.	And for the better enabling the faid barons of the find

Joqrt of exchequer, to put in execution all the feveral and re-^>eftive powers and authorities by this aft committed to their charge and truft; be it further enafted, That on or before the Lifts of per-twenty fixth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fons adjudged feven hundred and forty feven, all and every officer and officers °f high trea-who h?s or have, or (hall, before the faid day, have the cuftody tranfmitted to of any record or records of the attainder of any fuch traitor or the King’s retraitors (other than of fuch who have been, or (hall be attaint- membrancer ed by aft of parliament) (hall tranfmir, or caufe to be tranfmit- at Edinburgh ted to the King's remembrancer, in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, or his deputy, eftreats or certificates under their re-fpeftive hands, or the hands of their lawful deputies, containing lifts of all the perfons, who fince the twenty fourth day of June, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, mail appear by the faid records in their refpeftive cuftody, to have been adjudged to be guilty of high treafon ; which lifts (hall contain the names, titles, and additions of fach perfons, thefpecies of treafon, of which, and the refpeftive times, places, and courts, when and where they were fo attainted ; and after the £yd twenty fixth day of July, the like officers fhall, from °f other time to time, caufe to be transmitted to the office of the King’s remembrancer at Edinburgh, the like eftreats or certificates* or ted, nm * lifts of all other attainders for high treafon, had at any time before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, and that within the fpace of thirty days after fuch attainders; all which eftreats, certificates, or lifts, the King's remembrancer in die court of exchequer at Edinburgh, or to be entered his deputy, (hall enter in a book to be provided and kept by him 111 a books for that purpofe.

IV.	And it is hereby enafted. That an extraft from that Extraft front book, figned by the faid remembrancer, or his deputy, certify-	^

ingthat any perfon therein mentioned was attainted of high Emitted as treafon, (hall be taken and held as fufficient evidence of fuch evidence, attainder in all courts of juftice within Scotland, fo far as may concern the execution of this aft, as fully as if the record of fuch attainder were produced in fuch courts.

V.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the The barons to fcidb’arons of exchequer, or any three of them, (hall, and they ccrTfor the are hereby authorized, from time to time, by and with the ap- execution of probation of the commiffioners of his Majesty's treafury, or the this aft. high treafurer for the time being, to appoint and employ proper perfons to be furveyors, roeffeogers, or other neceffary officers for the execution of this aft ; which furveyors, meflengers, and officers refpeftively, are hereby required faithfully to execute and 0fgcers fees perform the truft in them refpeftively repofed, without taking allowed by the any thine for fuch their fervice (other than fuch fees, falaries, barons, or rewards, as the faid barons, or any three of them, by and yith fuch approbation as aforefaid, (hall think fit and direft ia that behalf) snd every fuch furveyor, meflenger, and officer, officers to before he enters on the execution of his employment, (hall take take oaths, the oaths preferibed by the act of the firft year of his late Ma-•	jelly’s

Digitized by

Google

Ilf

Salaries and other charges to be paid by the receiver* general.

Salaries of inferior officers exempted from taxes.

The barons may meet and aft without adjournment $

and fend for perfons and papers j

and admini-fter oaths.

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 41.	[*747.

jefty’s reign, for the further fecurity of his Majesty’s perfon and government, and other purpofes therein mentioned; and alfo an oath for his true and faithful demeanor in all things relating to the truft repofed in him by the faid barons, or any three of them; and that he will riot, direftly or indirectly, receive or take any fee or reward, orexpeft or accept the promife of any fee or reward, for any thing whatfoever to be done by him in the execution of the faid truft (except what (hall be fettled or allowed by the faid barons or any three of them) and that be will not, aireftly or indircftly, have any part, (hare, or intereft, or make any benefit by any difeovery of any forfeited or forfeit-able eftate or intereft whatfoever, intended to be applied to the ufe of his Majesty, in purfuance of this aft, or conceal, or caufe or procure to be concealed^ the fame, or any part thereof.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That there (hall and may be paid to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid barons, or any three of them, by and with fuch approbation as aforefaid, (nail nominate, by way of impreft, and upon account, for payment of falaries of inferior officers to be employed under them, and for incident charges in or for the performance of the feveral trufts by this aft committed to the laid barons, fuch fums of money, as the faid commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, judge to be neceflary and reafonable in that behalf, out of fuch monies as (hall, from time to time, be or remain in the hands * of the faid receiver-general, by virtue of any of the claufes, matters, or things in this aft contained; and that the faid falaries of inferior officers (hall not be liable to any taxes or afleff-ments by any aft of parliament made or to be made; any law of ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid barons, or any three or more of them, (hall and may meet, aft, and proceed, from time to time, with or without adjournment, within term time, or without j and (hall and may fend their precept or precepts for any perfon or perfons whatio-ever to appear before them, and tor all fuch books, papers, writings, and records, as they (hall think neceflary for their information, in any matters or things relating to this aft, without any fee, charge, or reward to be paid for the fame; and (hall and may detain in their cuftody fuch books, papers, writings, and records fo long as they (hall have occafion for the fame, and then return fuch books, papers, writings and records to fuch perfons to whom they refpeftively belong; and (hall and may adminifter oaths for the better difeovery of the truth of the enquiries by them to be made, to any perfon or perfons therein concerned, or to any other perfon or perfons whatfoever; and all (heriffs, ftewards, baillies, conftables, and other officers and minifters whatfoever, are hereby required to obey and execute fuch orders and precepts as (hall be fent to them, or any of them, by the faid barons, or any three of them, as they will anfwer the contrary at their utmoft perils; and the faid barons, or any three of them, are hereby impowered and

required

Digitized by Google

17+7*] Anno viccfimo Georgii II. c.41.	113

required in a fummary way, and without the formalities of pro-ceedings in the courts of law or equity, to enquire and inform themfelves by and upon the teftimony of witness, upon oath, examination of perfons interefted, upon their oaths, infpedtion and examination of deeds, writings, and records, or by all or any of the faid ways and means, or otherwife, according to their diferetions, as foon as conveniently may be ; and to make a regifter in books to be provided for that purpofe, of the names of all fuch perfons attainted, or to be attainted of high treafon, within the times aforefaid, and of all real and perfonal eftates and interefts whatfoever by this adl, or otherwife veiled in his Majesty, for or by reafon of fuch attainder, and by whom any fuch eftate or eftates was or were refpedlively forfeited or forfeit-able, and what eftate or intereft every fuch perfon attainted, or to be attainted for high treafon as aforefaid, had in any of the premifles on the refpedlive days and times, on or from which they are hereby, or otherwife veiled in .his Majesty, or at any time afterwards; and by what tenures the fame, or any of them refpe&iyely, were then holden; and of all incumbrances whatfoever, to which any of the faid eftates forfeited or forfeitable for high treafon, were liable or fubjedl before, and upon the fame days and times refpedlively: and in cafe any perfon or perfons, Perfons refuf-fummoned to appear before the faid barons for difeovery of the 5n£to app*"* premifles, (hall negledl or refufe to appear, or be examined as commlt* aforefaid; then, and in every fuch cafe, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid barons, or any three of them, to commit the perfon and perfons fo negledting or refufing as aforefaid, to the common gaol of the county, (hire, or ftewartry refpec-tively; there to remain without bail or mainprize, until fuch perfon or perfons (hall conform themfelves, and fubmit to be examined as aforefaid : and if any officer or officers lhall negledl Penalty on of-or refufe to give obedience to the precepts and orders of the faid ^ceJ‘8 on barons, or any three of them, for the due execution of this adl,tau 10 u then, and in every fuch cafe, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid barons, or any three or more of them, to impofe any fine upon fuch officer or officers, not exceeding fifty pounds fterling, for any one offence; and to commit fuch officer or officers, till fuch fine (hall be paid unto the faid receiver general for the ufe of his Majesty.

VIII.	And for encouraging all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever any ways indebted, or liable to pay to any fuch forfeiting perfon or perfons, any fum of money hereby or otherwife veiled in his Majesty as aforefaid, to make a fpeedy difeovery thereof to the faid barons, or any three or more of them, and to pay a proportion thereof as this adt diredts ; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every fuch perfon who pcrfons difeo* lhall make a full and true difeovery to the faid barons, or any vering debts, three or more of them, of any concealed debt, or fum of mo- &c. payable to ney fo due and payable unto any perfon or perfons attainted, or at~ to be attainted of high treafon within the days and times afore- a n 9 Voi. XIX.	I	faid

&c. making dttcovery.

tr\	Anno vrcefimb GeoAgii II. c. 41.	[*747*

faid (not being h debt by judgment, ftatute, recognizance, or an any rcgiftered bond or contract) and pay two third parts thereof vrithin the refpedtive times follbwine (that is to fay) of debts and paying owing to pCrlons attainted before tnc firft day of	in the

two thirds” yfear one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, on or before thereof by.the the firft day of December, in the year one thoufand feven,hun-tiraes limited, an(j forty feVen> anj Qf debts owing to perfons, attainted afterwards, before the expiration of fix calendar months after fuch attainders refpedlively, unto the faid receiver-general, for the ufe of his Majesty, fhall be and are, by force and virtue of to be difeharg- this *&, releafed and difeharged of the entire debt, or fum of ed.	money fo due and payable as aforefaid ; but all and every perlbn

p r * d bt an<* Persons indebted, or liable as aforefaid, who (hall negledt ed[ not mak- t0 ma^e fuch difeoverv to the faid barons, within the refpedtive ing difeovery, times aforefaid, (hall forfeit double the value of fuch debt or fum to forfeit of money; to be recovered by adtion, bill, fuit, or information, double value. t0 tjie ufe Qf hi|s Majefty as aforefaid; and all and every perfon Perfons pofief- or perfons who were, or have been, or fhall have been pofiefled fed of goods, of any perfonal goods or chattels, of or belonging to any fuch perfons attainted, or to be attainted of high treafon as aforefaid, when the fame became forfeited, or afterwards, or (hall be thereof poflefled before the firft day of 7ufy> one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, are hereby ftridtly charged and required to difeover and make known the fame to the faid barons, before the faid firft day of Decembery one thoufand feven hundred and to*be allowed forty feven; and the faid barons, or any three or more of them, fhall and may thereupon allow to every perfon difeovering the fame, fuch proportion as they fhall think reafonable for fuch difeovery, not exceeding one full fourth part of the faid perfonal goods and chattels, or the proceeds thereof; but all and every perfon and perfons, having fuch goods and chattels in his, her, or their cuftody and power, and negle&ing to difeover the fame before the faid firft day of December, (hall, for fuch offence, forfeit double the value of fuch perfonal goods or chattels, to be recovered for the ufe of his Majesty as aforefaid ; and the faid Barons may barons, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized Sbns for^b anc* ‘mPowere(l t0 make any fi»ch compofitions or agreements, debts, or	touching any fuch debts, or perfonal goods or chattels fo as

chattels $	aforefaid to be difeovered, as the (aid barons, or any three or

more of them, (hall, in any fuch cafe, on due confideration of the nature thereof, or circumftances of the parties concerned therein, think fit and reafonable; which compofitions or agreements fhall be valid in law, fo as the monies payable upon every fuch compofition or agreement be paid unto the faid receiver-general for the ufe of his Majesty, within the refpedtive times allowed by the faid barons, or any three or more of them, for and fettle payment thereof; and where any of the faid debts are fecured bonds, debts, by bonds or obligations with penalties, or arc due and owing upon accounts not adjufted, the faid barons, or any three or more of then^ are hereby authorized to ftate, fettle, and determine

a fourth $

and on default, to forfeit double value.

Digitized by

1747-1	*	Anno	vicefimo Geohoii II. c. 4t.	nj

mine tht fame 5 and that every perfon, not being fo indebted, Perfons not

or not being poflefled of fuch perfonal goods and chattels as a- indebted, &c.

forefeid, who (hall at any time after the faid firft day of July,	1	*

and before the firft day of December, difeover to the faid barons,

or any three or more of them, any fuch debts, or perfonal goods

and chattels concealed until the time of fuch difeovery, (hall be

intitled, by virtue of this aeft, to have and receive for his or their

reward, fo much as the faid barons, or «any three or more of

them, (hall judge to be reafonable, not exceeding one fourth ajjowc<j n

part of fuch debts, or one fourth part of fuch perfonal goods fourth.

or chattels, or of the value thereof fo difeovered after recovery

of the fame, to be paid over and delivered to him, her, or them,

by warrant of the faid barons, or any three or more of them,

from time to time; and that every perfori who fhall, after the Perfonsdifeo*

(aid firft day of July, and before the faid firft day of December, verjn#

difeover to the faid barons, or any three or more of them, any c *U9>

lands, tenements, rents, hereditaments, or chattels real, for-

fritedas aforefaid, and concealed until the time of fuch difeovery,

(tall be intitled, by virtue of this a<51, to have and receive for his dr her reward, fuch proportion of the faid lands, tenements, rents, hereditaments, and chattels real, as the faid barons, or any three or more of them, fhall judge to be reafonable, not exceed- intkled to a ing one fourth part thereof, or of the value of the fame, after fourth* recovery thereof; and the faid barons, or any three or more of them, fhall deliver certificates, under their hands and feals, all and every perfon and perfons, who fhall make any fuch dif- fng diicovc-covery or difeoveries as aforefaid, fpecifying the lands, tene-ries; ments, rents, hereditaments, chattels, or real eftates, by him or her (b difeovered, and the part, fhare, or proportion thereof, or of the value of the fame, which he, fhe, or they ought to have in refpedt thereof; and the faid barons are hereby impower- and t0 caure ed and required to caufe to be paid, delivered, allured, or con- their (hares to veyed, fuch parts, fhares, and proportions, to the faid difeover- be paid, 6cc. ers, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns reflectively, and that as foon as conveniently may be, after the time (hall be elapfed for entering claims in manner herein after mentioned, on the eftates real or perfonal fo difeovered, as to fuch eftates real or perfonal, upon which no claim fhall be entered, and as foon as conveniently may be after fuch claim or claims as (hall be entered, relating to fuch eftates real or perfonal rc-fpeSively, lhail be determined.

IX.	Provided always, That the fhares of the eftates real orDedu&ioos perfonal fo difeovered, that fhall be allowed to the difeoverers, for claims oat fhall fuflfer a deduction or abatement proportional to tiro claims au^eJu^dif to, upon, or out of the fame rcfpe&ively, which fhall be made cov*rers!° * * and affirmed.

X.	And to the intent the perfonal goods and chattels herein before, or otfierwife veiled in his Majesty, may be difpofed of, and the value thereof applied to the ufe of his Majesty, be it

further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid barons The goods to lhail, as foon as conveniently may be, ufe their utmoft endear fromCCembea-

12	VOUrs	zlcqaent)

Digitized by v^ooQle

ii 6

and inventories and ap-praifements to be made*

The goods to be fold by au&ion.

Entry to be made of the goods* and the perfons to whom fold*

Buyers to have certificates ;

Gn payment the goodsjto be delivered.

Buyers not making payment, to forfeit one third,

and the goods to be fet up again.

Perfons entering upon forfeited eflates, after 15 June, 1746.

AnnoViccfimo Georgii II. c.41.	[1747.

vours to fecure all fuch goods and perfonal chattels, in fuch places, and in the cuftody of fuch perfons as (hall be thought moil proper by the faid barons, for preventing the perilhing, or any lofs or embezzlement thereof; and (hall make or caufe to be made, a true and perfect inventory or inventories thereof, containing a true and particular account* of all fuch goods and chattels, by whom they were forfeited, and when, and by whom delivered to the faid, barons, or any perfons by them appointed to receive the fame; and (hall alfo caufe a juft appraifement thereof to be made, upon the oaths of any two perfons, to be appointed by the faid barons, or any three or more of them, for that purpofe (which oath the faid barons, or any three or more of them, have hereby power to adminifter) and the faid barons, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to fell all and (ingular fuch goods and chattels fo inventoried and appraifed, according to their beft (kill and judgement ; and for that purpofe (hall caufe publick notice to be given by the fpace of ten days, at lead, of the time, and where they intend to begin to expofe to fale any part or.parcel thereof, and of the feveral particulars then and there to be fold, at which time they (hall fell the fame by cant or au&ion, to fuch perfon or perfons who (hall bid molt for the fame; and immediately upon every fuch fale or contract, (hall caufe an entry to be made in their book, of all and every the perfonal goods and chattels fo fold or contracted for, and of the buyers names and places of abode, and the prices agreed upon ; and for the further aiTur-ance thereof to the buyers, the faid barons, or any three or more of them, (hall give a certificate under their hands and feals, unto the buyers refpeCtively, exprefling the particulars fo by them bought, the prices, and time of fale; and every fuch buyer (hall thereupon pay the faid prices unto the faid receiver-general, at fuch time or times, as (hall be agreed upon with the faid barons, for the ufe of his Majesty; and the faid barons, or any three or more of them, bring fatisfied with the payment thereof, (hall forthwith order the particulars fo bought and paid for, to be delivered to the buyer or buyers, his, her, or their afliens; and in cafe any perfon or perfons who (hall have contraSed for any fuch perfonal goods or chattels, as aforefaid, (hall make any default in payment of the monies contracted for, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit one third of the fum which the faid goods were contracted for; and the faid barons, or any three or more of them, may, and (hall proceed to a new fale of all and every luch perfonal goods and chattels, for which fuch default (hall be made, unto any other perfon or perfons, as if no fale thereof had before been made.

XI. And be it enaCted, That all and every perfon and perfons, who fince the twenty fifth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, have entered into or upon any of the faid forfeited eftates, or any part thereof, and held and enjoyed the fame, without any lawful title thereunto, (hall be re-fponfible for all and every the profits of the tunc premifles, during

Digitized by L,ooQle

17+7*] Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 41.	117

ipg the time of his, her, or their occupation thereof, and fhall aniwer and pay the value thereof unto the faid receiver-general, n°*^ymgthe at fuch days or times as fhall be appointed by the faid barons, pro ' or any three or more of them, or in default thereof lhall forfeit to forfeit dou-doubie the value of the fame profits by him, her, or them re- ble. ceived, for the ufe of his Majesty.

XU. Provided neverthelefs, if any fuch perfon or perfons On their dif-(hall, on or before the firft day of December, one thoufand feven covery, hundred and forty feven, difeover to the faid barons, fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo by them enjoyed (the fame being concealed till the time of fuch difeovery) all and every fuch tohedifeharg-perfon and perfons are hereby declared to be difeharged of and cd# from any account of the profits thereof received or had before tje faid firft day of December: and whereas it is likely, that fince^he faid twenty fifth day of June^ the occupiers of feveral of the faid forfeited or forfeitable eftates and interefts, and other the premifles, or others, may have prefumed to commit great fpoil, wafte, and deftru<ftion upon the fame eftates, by cutting down great quantities of timber-trees, and other trees, woods, groves, and coppices, and otherwife; be it further ena&ed, Committing That every fuch occupier, and all and every other perfon andlp01* perfons, who fince the faid twenty fifth day of Juney have committed, or at any time before the fale or fales of fuch premifles, to be made in purfuance of this a&, (hall commit any fuch fpoil, wafte, or deftru&ion, (hall pay treble damages for the fame, to to pay treble be afeertained by the faid barons, in a fummary way; and for damages, the fpeedy levying thereof to his Majesty’s ufe, the like execution (hall iflfue forth, as in cafe of a debt due to his Majesty.

XIII. And to the end that all and every the rents, iflues, and profits of the faid eftates may for the future, and until fale thereof as aforefaid, be effe&ually levied and paid into the faid exchequer; be it further ena&ed by the authoiity aforefaid, stewards to be That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid barons, or appointed, any three or more of them, by and with the approbation of the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or of the high treafurer for the time being, to appoint ftewards, receivers, bailiffs, or favors, on the faid forfeited eftates, with full power to Jett and fet the faid eftates for any term not exceeding three years, and to receive the rents and profits, and to grant difeharges and acquittances thereof, and to hold courts, and pafs decrees for payment of rents, and to put the faid decrees in execution, and to do all ads, matters, and things neccfiary for managing the faid eftates, ufually done by ftewards, receivers, bailiffs, or factors, on the faid refpedtive eftates, according to the laws in Scotland, and The minifters, particularly to pay yearly out of the faid rents, the ftipends or&c. money friaries of minifters and fchoolmafters, and the cefs or land tax, a«d land rax that (hall by law be payable out of fuch eftates ; the pay or fala- Awards fanes of which ftewards, receivers, bailiffs, or fa&ors, (hall notary, exceed the tenth part of the yearly value of the rents and profits of the forfeited eftates, for the management of which they (hall be refpc&ively appointed.

I 3	XIV. PrO-

Digitized by v^rOOQle

Seward tQ t:ike the oaths;

and to give ff eurit yr

€emi eft rations

XIV.	Provided always, That all and every fteward, receiver) bailiff, or fador, to be fo appointed, before he enter on the execution of hie office, or be capable to perform any pan thereof, (hall be approved of as aforefaid, apd (hall take the oaths appointed to be taken by the faid aof the firft year of his late Majefty, and (hall give bond to the King’s majefty for a fum not lefs than two years rent of fuch eftate or eftates as he (hall be appointed fteward, receiver, bailiff, or fa&or over, with fufficient fecurity for the payment thereof, in cafe he (hall fail to pay to the faid receiver-general at fueh days and times as he (hall be thereto required by the precept of the faid barons, or any thret or more of them, all and every fum or fums by him received put of the eftate or eftates on which he (hall be appointed fteward, receiver, bailiff, orfadtor, and to account for all fuch fums as (hall remain due and payable in the hands of the tenants or poffeflors at the time of his accounting, by producing evidence that he hath ufed all due and lawful means and diligence for recovering of all fuch fums fo remaining due and payable; and all and every fteward, receiver, bailiff, or factor, (hall be fully acquitted and difeharged by the faid exchequer, upon his paying and accounting as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it further enadted. That all and every feque-of the forfeited ftration, fufpenfion, arreftment, and other adt and decree made 4 ltu tcs, riatie a°d puffed in any court of judicature fince the firft day of Augufi, (uopwue, OTe thoufand feven hundred and forty five, or which (hall hereafter be made or parted, otherwife than according to the directions of this prefent adf, whereby any right, title, charge, or intereft in, to, out of, or upon any of the faid forfeited eftates, hath been, or (hall be decided and determined in favour of any creditor, or perfons claiming intereft therein, or whereby any perfon or perfons have been, or (hall be intitled to poflefs any part of the faid eftates, real or perfonal, or to levy, receive, of difeharge any part of the rents and profits of the fame by any fuch decrees or fentences, or without any lawful title, are hereto be mill. by declared to be void, null, and of no effect, as if the fame had

never been made or parted.

XVI.	And •whereas fevcral perfons in pojftjficn of the mejfu-

ages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments which jhall have been found py the faid barons to be forfeited and vejled in his Majeffy by virtue of this at7, or who have received the rents qnd profits of the fame fince the twenty fifth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, or are otherwife indebted to his Majesty by virtue of this aft, may refufe or negleft to pay the fame unto the faid receiver-general, according to the direftion of this aft; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid barons, or any three or more of them, (hall and they are hereby impowered and required to call to account all ana every perfon or perfons, their heirs, executors, jjdminiftrators, and fucceflors, who by virtue of any fequeftration, or other decree, made and parted by any court of judicature, fince the firft day of Augufi, one thoufand fevqn hundred and forty five, or by virtue of any other right or ‘	:	  *	tjtlc,

Perfon* who have taken pofTtifion by fequeftration, &c. fince 1 Aug. i745> fo account.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1747*J	Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 41.	119

title, hath taken or retained, or (hall take or retain pofleflion of any part of the laid forfeited eftates, real or perfonal, or have levied or difcharged, or who (hall levy, receive, or difcharge any part of the faid rents, i(Tues, or profits of the faid eftates (not herein before excepted) which have become due fince the twenty fixth day of June> oik thoufand feven hundred and forty (ix, for his or their pofleflion or intromiflions with the fame, or who have incurred or (hall incur any penalty or penalties, or are otherwife indebted to his Majesty by virtue of this a61, and upon his, her, or their appearance, or negledl, or refufal thereof, after being thereto duly required by precept as aforefaid, the (aid barons, or any three, or more of them, (hall, and they arc hereby impowered and required in a fummary way, without the Barons to formalities of proceedings in the courts of law or equity, to en- proceed in a quire and inform themfelves, by and upon tfie teftimony of wit-nefles upon oath, examination of perfons intcrefted, upon their oaths, infpe&ion and examination of deeds, writings, accounts, and records, or by all or any of the faid ways and means, or otherwife, according to their directions, as foon as conveniently mav be, to (late and fettle the fums due and payable by every fuch perfon or perfons, for or on account of their faid intromiu fions, debts, penalties, or forfeitures aforefaid, and to diredt their to direct precepts, ordering them, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, *hcir PrcceP^i and fucceflors, to rqake payment of the money appearing to be t^fiiraTdue due thereupon unto the faid receiver-general, and to deliver up	’

to the faid barons, or any three or more of them, or their order, all fuch forfeited goods and chattels as have been, or (hall be in* tromitted with and poflefled by them, at fuch days and times, as by the (aid barons, or any three or more of them, (hall be anc! ^ delimited and appointed by their faid precepts; and in cafe of footed*lh* ncglcA or refufal to comply with the faid precepts, the faid ba- g00&h &c. rons, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to order fuch proceedings to be had thereupon, as if the contents of fuch precepts had been duly found by inqui-fition, taken and returned into the faid court of exchequer.

XVII.	And, to the end that all and every the faid eftates and interefts hereby, or otherwife veiled in his Majesty, whereof the. faid barons of exchequer (hall upon enquiry make difeovery, and feize or recover the pofleflion, may be duly publilhed, fo as all perfons having intereft may have notice thereof, in fuch manner as they may enter their claims upon the fame, in the manner herein after provided ; be it enabled by the authority aforefoid, Regifterof tht That the faid barons of exchequer (hall caufe the regifter, or forfeited e-books herein appointed to be kept, of the names of all perfons to bc attainted of high treafon within the times aforefaid, and of all ^ real and perfonal eftates and interefts by this a&, or otherwife, veiled in his Majesty, or an authentickcopy or duplicate of fuch books, to be kept by a proper officer, who (hall make the fame open and patent to the infpe<5lion of all perfons who (hall dfe* mand the fame, betwixt the hours of ten and twelve in the forenoon, upon any lawful day, without any fee or reward$ and in

14	the

Digitized by v^ooQle

120

Copy of the regifter to be tranfmitted to the treafury.

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c.41.	[1747.

the faid books (hall be exprefled the dates when the entries of the feveral eftates real or perfonal that (hall be there ingroffed, were made; and the faid barons, or any three or more of them, (hall alfo tranfmit to the faid commifiioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or the high treafurer of Great Britain for the time being* an authentick copy of the faid regifter or Yooks.

Duplicate of XVIII. And it is hereby further enadted, That when any the entries to or heretable cftate (hall be entered in the faid regifter, the be fent to the faid barons (hall, from time to time, within the fpacc of one Sheriff. month after fuch entry, tranfmit, or caufeto be tranfmitted. an authentick copy or duplicate of every fuch entry to the (heriff of the (hire, or fteward cf the ftewartry, within which the lands or Sheriff to give o*her heretable or real eftate are (ituated ; and every fuch (heriff notice. or fteward (hall, and is hereby required, within twelve days after he (hall receive fuch duplicate or copy, to caufe the fame to be publilhed at the market crofe of the head burgh of the (hire or ftewartry and to caufe to be inferted in a book to be provided and kept for that purpofe by the clerk to fuch (heriffs or ftewarts courts; all which books (hall be made open and patent to any perfons demanding infpedtion of the fame, upon any lawful day between the hours of ten and twelve in the forenoon, without fee or reward.

Eftates to veft XIX. And he it further enabled. That all and every the eftates in his Maje- and interefts which (hall be entered in the regifter, to be kept by fty, where no the faid barons of the exchequer, according to the diredlions of tired* ^ Cn"	t0	or	uP°n	no	c^m	fhall	be	entered	within	the

’ time, and in the manner herein after preferibed, (hall be deemed and taken againft all perfons, and to all intents and purpofes, * to be veiled in his Majesty in virtue of this a&; and fuch eftates and interefts as (hall be fo entered in the faid regifter, and to or upon which claims (hall be entered, (hall in like manner be deem-and where ed and taken to be veiled in his Majestys fubjedt only to fuch claimed, upon burden, diminution, or evidtion, as (hall a rife from the deter-

paymentot mination of the claims that (hall be fo entered, and no other-the debts. wife

XX. And, to the end that all and every the faid eftates and interefts, herein before veiled in bis Majefty, may bedifpofed of in the mod beneficial manner, and the produce and value thereof applied for the payment and fatisfadlion of fuch claims, out of the refpedlive eftates, as (hall be decreed to be juft and lawful, and the remainder for the ufe of bis Majefty, his heirs and (uc-ceflors; be it further enadled. That in cafe his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, (hall not make effedtual provifion for the payment or fatisfadlion of all fuch debts and claims, within the fpace of twelve months after the fame (hall be refpedlively adjudged, then it (hall be lawful for the faid barons, or any three of them, and they are hereby required to fell, or caufe .to be fold, fo much of the eftates of the attainted perfons, as they (hall judge neceflary to be fold for fatisfadlion of the debts ana claims affedling the fame* and apply the money arifing by

the

Eftates to be fold, where his Majesty (hall not dif-charge the claims within xi mouths.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1747*1 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. 0.41.	tin

the (ale thereof refpedtively, in difeharge of the fcveral debts or claims to which they (hall be adjudged to be liable.

XXI.	Provided neverthelefs, That if his Majesty, his heirs £ftates not to or fucceflbrs (hall, after the expiration of the faid time, make be fold, where effedual provifion for the payment or fatisfa&ion of all the debts his Majelhr or claims upon any fuch eftate, and (hall, before the fame ^ make™ fold, by warrant or warrants under his or their fign manual, at mentof the^" any time or times, diredt any fuch eftates not to be fold; then claims, the faid barons (hall not proceed in the fale of any eftates fo prohibited to be fold; and in refpedt to the fale of the faid eftates, or $ny part thereof, the faid barons of the exchequer are hereby . authorized and required to proceed in fuch manner and form, and according to fuch rules, as the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland were directed to obferve, ty an adt made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled. An i3G®o.x.c.i$. aft for fale of fuch of the forfeited eftates in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, and are vefled in the crown; and for determining fuch claims on the faid ejlates, as having been duly entered, remain undetermined.

XXIL And, that no perfon or perfons whatfoever, having Claims on per-any eftate, right, title, or intereft in law or equity, in, to, or fonal eftates, out of any of the forfeited or forfeitable eftates and premiftes, &c*to b® may be in any refpedt prejudiced by this adt, be it enaded by ^0ntos/n the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons 3 whatfoever, bodies politick and corporate (other than and except all fuch forfeiting perfons as aforefaid, and the heirs, executors, adminiftrators and affigns, and every of them, and all and every perfon and perfons having or claiming any thing in the premiftes, or any part thereof, to the ufe of, or in truft for any fuch forfeiting perfons, or their or any of their heirs, executors, or admi-niftrators) having any eftate, right, title, intereft, ufe, truft, pof-feflion, reverfion, remainder, office, annuity, fervice, rent, debt, * benefit, charge, or incumbrance whatfoever in Jaw or equity, in, to, or out of, or upon any caftles, honours, manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments whatfoever, or to any real orperfonal eftate, or any other the premiftes whatfoever, herein before or otherwife vefted in his Majesty, by or under any fettle-ment, conveyance, judgement, ftatute, recognizance, extent, or other debt, charge, or incumbrance, affecting, or which was binding on the forfeiting perfons, and might have aflfedted the fame eftate, before the relpedtivc days and times whereon the fame was vefted in his Majesty as aforefaid, and alfo all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, pretending to have right or title to any eftate, which (hall have been feized or furveyed by the faid barons, for the ufe of his Majesty, and who (hall pretend that none of the perfons attainted, lince the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, for high treafon, was feifed or poflefted of, or interefted in, or intitled unto fuch eftate in his, her, or their owp right, or to his, her, or their own ufe, nor

any

Digitized by v^ooQle

within 6 months ;

any other perfon in truft for them, or any of them, on the ftid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, or at any time fince, or that they have right or title to fuch eftate, (hall, within the fpace of three months, to be reckon* ed from and after the date of the entry that (hall be made in the and claims on regifter book in the exchequer of any perfonal eftate, and in cafe real eftates, of real eftates, within fix months of the entry of the regifter, to be kept in the county or ftewartry where fuch eftate lies, in manner herein before directed, of the eftate or intereft in, to, or out of which fuch claims and demands are to be made refpeft-ively, enter all their refpe&ive claims and demands before the court of fefiion in Scotland, in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned; or in default thereof every fuch eftate, right, title, intereft, ufe, pofleffion, reverfion, remainder, office, annuity, fervice^ rent, debt, charge, or incumbrance, in, to, out of, or upon the faid premifles, or any part thereof, lhall be and is hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes whatfoever; and the eftate or eftates fo as aforefaid, - liable unto or charged therewith, (hall from thence be freed, acquitted, and Claims of per- ^(charged of and from the fame 5 and all fuch claims and de-fons incapaci- ntands of infants, (hall and may be made by their fathers or ~ J * guardians, or any other perfons in their behalf; and all clahns of femes covert by their hufbands, or any other perfons on their behalf; and all claims of madmen, ideots, or lunaticks, by fuch perfon or perfons under whofe care or cuftody they are or (hall be at the time of entering fuch claims; and that all fuch claims (hall be made and tendered to the court of feffion, in time of feflion, or to the lord ordinary on the wills in time of vacance, written in parchfrient, and figned by the party or parties making the fame, or fuch other perfon or perfons on his, her, or their behalf as aforefaid, or figned by the attornies or factors of the party or parties having the intereft claimed; and fuch figning (hall be teftified by two or more credible wirnefles, who lhall fu£ feribe their names to atteft the fame; and every claimant lhall therein particularly exprefs what eftate, right, title, intereft, ufe, pofleflion, reverfion, remainder, office, annuity, fervice, rent, debt, benefit, charge, or incumbrance, he or (he demand or claim in, to, out of, or upon any part of the premifles, by and under what grant, gift, fettlement, conveyance, fecurity, title, or incumbrance, he or (he do claim the fame; and if fuch party claimant hath, demands, or claims any eftate, right, title, or intereft, in or to any part of the premifles, by virtue of any incumbrance, For any debt or fum of money whatfoever, fuch party (hall alfo in his claim fet forth fuch incumbrance, and the dates and the contents thereof, and the wirnefles thereto; and if the fame be recorded, when and where the fame was entered on record, and whether fuch debt and fum of money was and is really due, and remains wholly unpaid and unfatisfied, and what part and how much thereof has been really and truly fatisfki by money paid, perception of profits, or by any other ways or means whatfoever; and every fuch claim (hall be tranferibed by

order

fated, by whom to be made;

where to be tendered. See,

Claim to be r-egtftered.

Digitized by Google

1747*] Anno vicefimo Georgii It. c. 41.	ia$

order of the faid court, and entered in books to be provided and fairly kept by them for that purpofe ; and the faid court of fef- Court to jpro-fion »hereby impowered and required to proceed in a fummary cecd ,n a ”,.m* way, without abiding the courfe of any roll, as well out of as d^r„Jinfn^ in term time, to hear and determine all fuch claims; and every the claims, fuch decree of the courtof feffion (hall be final, and binding upon all parties concerned, in cafe thirty days, on any of which fuch proceedings as are ufual and competent by the laws of Scot-land, for retferfing or amending fuch decrees, (hall elapfe without fuch prbceedings being had, made, or commenced by either party.

XXIII.	And, to the end that due care may be taken of the The King’s intereft of his Majesty in refpeit of fuch claims as (hall be of- rights to be fered as aforefaid, it is hereby further ena&ed, That the King’s

advocate, or in his abfence his Majesty’s folic it or general in o^the^cSi* Scotland, (hall, and they are hereby impowered and required to general, provide for 'making proper anfwers and defences on behalf of his Majesty, to all fuch claims as (hall be offered as aforefaid, and for reverfing, affirming, or amending the decrees that (hall be palled upon fuch claims, as they (hall fee caufe.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded. That the court of feffion Court t0 pro_ (hall, and they are hereby impowered and required, in a fum- ceed in a fummary way, and without the formality of proceedings in themarywayin courts of law or equity, to proceed by and upon the teftimony

of witnefies upon oath, examination of perfons claiming, or £C*1 tthcrwife interefted, upon their oaths, infpeftion, and examination of deeds, writings, and records, or by all or any of the faid ways and means, or otherwife, according to the circumftances of the cafe, as foon as conveniently may be, to hear, and determine, and adjudge all and every claim and claims, which (hall be entered within the times aforefaid 5 and that every party Claimants to claiming (hall, if required by the faid court, or by or on behalf UP°n of his Majesty’s advocate, upon oath anfwer to the truth of his *

>r her Claim, and to fuch proper interrogatories as the court or

ouncil for his Majesty (hall think fitting for the clearing thereof 5

md, upon oath, produce before the faid court, at their hearing andtoproduce

fuch claim, all fuch deeds, writings, and evidences, as are in his their deeds*

ruftody or power, any ways concerning the faid claim, or the &c*

ubje& matter thereof.

XXV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That where the claim, fo to be determined as aforefaid to be juft md lawful, (hall contain a demand of any fum or fums of mo-

ley, any wife affefting any of the faid forfeited eftates ; then, Certificates to md in fuch cafe the faid barons of the exchequer, or any three he given for >f them, (hall, and are hereby exprefly impowered and required ru«ns decreed j o iflue out debentures or certificates to claimants, for the refpec-ive fum or fums which (hall be determined to be due andpay-ble to them feverally by the decrees of the faid court of feffion; rhich debentures or certificates, with legal intereft (hall be paid tobepaidwitlr "i the firft place without any deduction, fee, or reward, by the intereft. iid receiver general, out ot fuch rents and profits as (hall be

paid

Digitized by CjOOQle

1*4

nonpayment.

On claims af-firmed, the claimants to be put into poffeflion.

Anno vicefimo Georoii II. 0.41..

paid into his hands, from the refpective eftates upon which the faid claims are allowed.

No decrees, XXVI. Provided always, That no fuch decree, in favour of &c. to be made any claimant, or debenture or certificate to be iffued thereupon, for any fum (hall made for any fum or fums, on account of penalties for wnsdt^for ^a,lure °f Payment at the day it became due, or for any other penalties whatfoever.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled. That where the faid claim (hall contain a demand of any honours, cattles, manors, lands, tenements, rents, fervices, rents-charge, hereditaments, or other real eftate whatfoever, or an intereft therein, and (hall be adjudged, determined, or decreed as abovefaid to be juft and legal; then, and in that cafe, the faid court of fettion are here* by authorized to order the (heriff or flieriffs, or the proper officer or officers of and in the refpective counties and ftewartries where the fame (hall lie, to caufe poffeflion to be delivered 10 fuch claimant and claimants, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or fuqceflors, or to whom they or any of tbem (hall appoint; and all and every fuch claimant or claimants, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiffrators, or fucceffors, (hall hold and enjoy the fame for fuch ettate and intereft therein re-fpectively, as (hall be adjudged, determined, or decreed as a* forefaid.

XXVIII.	And, to the end that juftice may be rendered to the feveral claimants, on the faid forfeited eftates or interefts, according to the priority or legal preference of their rights and diligences; be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be

M&ethc\t* 1	f°r	court	°f	feflion,	upon the application of his Ma-

prefcrcnce 5f jefty’s advocate, or of any claimant whofe claim (hall be affirm-claimants, ed on any of the faid forfeited eftates and interefts, to rank and ***	determine the order of preference of the feveral creditors and

claimants on the refpective eftates and interefts; and the judgement to be given by the court of feflion, upon fuch application, (hall be of the fame force and effect, as if the feveral creditors or claimants who (hall be fo ranked, had been fummoned for that purpofe, in the ufual manner, in a procefs of ranking.

XXIa. And whereas during the dependence of fuch ranking\ or before the final decifion of all the claims on any of the faid forfeited eftates, it may be juft and reafonable that the growing rents and profits of the faid eftates, or fome part thereof Jhould be paid over to Court to make fime or other of the preferable creditors or claimants thereon; be it order for pay- therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and mentof the may be lawful to the faid court of feflion, when they (hall fee in^he^merlo- cau^c» to ma^e interloquitors, finding any creditor and claimant quitors, &c. upon fuch eftate, intitled to any fum or fums of money that (hall be fpecified in fuch interloquitors, and recommending to the barons of the Exchequer, to caufe the fame to be paid; and upon produ&ion of fuch interloquitor, or an extract thereof, f	by the party obtaining the fame, to the (aid barons of Excfoqtur,

or any three of them, they are hereby impowered and required, as foon as conveniently may be, to make an order upon tfie re-

ceivcr-

12$

>7«-] Anno viccfimo Georgii II. 0.42.

cciw-|cneral, or upon the bailiff, fadtor, or fteward of the eftaiej in fuch interloquitor mentioned, for payment of the fum or (urns therein fpecified, out of the rents and profits of fuch eitate.

XXX.	And it is hereby further enadted and declared, That Conveyance* all conveyances and affurances whatfoever, of any caftles, hon- mide by trai-ours, manors, lands, tenements, rents, hereditaments, or real *ors a*ter 14 eftate whatfoever, made at any time after the twenty fourth day *'unc* ,74*# of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, by any

perfon who has been fince attainted, or, (hall be-attainted as ar forefaid, unto or for his own ufe, or unto or for the ufe of his wife, or any of his children, or in truft for himfelf, his wife, or any of his children (other than fuch as were made bona fide before, and in confideration of marriage, or in performance of except in coiv fome covenant or agreement made and reduced into writing, be*- fideratiou.of. fore and in confideration of marriage) and alfo all affurances and marr,aSc» Reconveyances whatfoever, made at any time fince the twenty fourth day ot Junr, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, by .any ,	.	f

fuch perfon, are hereby declared to be, and (hall for ever here- dulen:. r3U" after be deemed and taken to be fraudulent; and that no claiiT}

(hall, at any time hereafter, be allowed for the fame, excepting No claim to fuch affurances and conveyances, as have been made fince the beallowed.hut time aforefaid, or (hall be made in time coming, for juft and ■^fcsCr°U8' T onerous caufes, the faid onerous caufes being always otherwife inftrufted, than by the writings themfelves.

XXXI.	And whereas feveral tenants of the faid attainted perfhnSy Tenants on my have paid their refpeftive rents due to them, after the faid twenty proof of pay-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and ment °f before the times of their refpeftive attainders, without fraud or col-

lufm\ be it therefore enadled, That fuch tenants (nail be, and ^ are hereby difeharged therefrom, on due proof of fuch adtual payments thereof refpedlively made.	.

CAP. XLII.

An aft to enforce the execution of an aft of this feffton of par-liament, for granting to his Majesty feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights.

WHEREAS through various accidents execution of the powery 10 Geo. 1. c. 3.

given by the aft of the twentieth year of bis prefent Majefly (intituled, An a61 for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon ! houfes, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and for railing the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties)	;

to the tmmiffioners thereby authorized to put the fame into execution, within the* ex a ft time, and according to the precife method thereby di-rtfttd, hath been, and may be prevented, and the raifing the rates and duties granted thereby obflrufted or delayed*, be it enabled bv the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confirm of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in

Digitized by LjOOQle

12(5	Anno	vicefimo'GEoRGli	II. C. 42.	[1747.

this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Commiflioners fame. That in all cafes where the faid comraifliohers have al-who have o- ready omitted, or (hall at any time or times hereafter omit to nuttedi im- mcct or execute the (aid powers, or any of them, within or at meefandaft the t*mc or t*mcs> *>r according to the manner direfted and pre-at any other fcribed by the faid aft, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid jtime.	commiflioners, or any two or more of them, to meet and exe-

cute the faid powers at any other time or times, and from time to time, as there (hall be occafion ; and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith, or as foon after the time or times '	at which fuch meetings fhould have been held, according to the

faid aft, as (hall be convenient, to meet and execute the fame, ,Afts of the fo as that the faid rates and duties may be duly and effeftually ^wmiffioners charged, raifed, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his confirmed. heirs an(j fucccfporS) for the ufes in the faid aft, notwithftandin;

any fuch omiflion or defeft; and all meetings and afts of the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of them, which have been already had or done purfuant (in all other refpeftts) to the direftions of the faid aft, (hall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be good and valid to all intents and purpofes, notwitb-ftanding fuch omiflion or defeft.

Two com- II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That mflfioners may the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of them, fhall have g^nt aflef- Pov'rcr» and are hereby required to appoint fuch afleflors, and for fuch diftrifts ordivifions, within their refpeftive limits, as they (hall judge proper, out of the perfons who (hall by their precepts, as direfted by the faid aft, be ordered to appear before them for fuch diftrifts or divifions refpeftively ; and if any of the perfons on whom fuch precepts (hall be ferved, fhall ne* gleft to appear, or they or any of the colleftors or officers ap-Perfons neg- pointed, or to be appointed, under the faid aft, (hall wflfuHy le&ing to ap- negleft or refufe to take the oaths appointed by the faid aft t# pear, to take taken by them refpeftively, or to take upon them their re-ferv^the of- ^Pc<^lve offices, the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of (ce, * them, are hereby authorized and required to impofe oti every fuch perfon fo neglefting or refufing, any fine oot exceeding to pay 5I.	^um	^ve Pounds for any one offence; the fame to b« le-

vied, certified, and paid, as other fines by the faid aft are direfted to be levied, certified, and paid.

Wales and HI* And it is hereby further declared and enafted by the Berwick in- 'authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where the kingdom of included, where land, or that part of Great Britain called England, hath been the kingdom or (hall be mentioned in any aft of parliament, the feme has E"S1^ul,i been and (hall from henceforth be deemed and taken to corn-men on .	an(j include the dominion of Waits, and town of Bet-

met upon Tweed.

1	IV. And whereas certain perfons, diffenters from the church cf Eng-

land, commonly called Quakers, do Jcruple the taking of any oaths, fnd it may happen that Jcveral of the faid perfons may be appointed ojfeffors for raijing the faid rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights \ be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Thar

in

6

Digitized by

Google

1747] Anno vlcefimo Georgii II. c. 43.	127

in every fuch cafe it (hall be fufficientfor fuch perforis appointed, Quakers ap-:>r to be appointed affelTors for the purpofes aforefaid, inftead of Pomtc<i a“*f-he oaths appointed by the faid a6t to be taken by the faid aflef- lors# brs, to make and fubferibe the declaration of fidelity preferibed to make and >y an aft made in the firft year of the reign of King IVUliam fubferibe the and Queen Mary (intituled) An at1 for exempting their Majejlies declaration of protejlanl fhbjefi$> dijjenttng from the church of England, from the penalties of certain laws) and that all certificates in writing, re- *	*f*

turned to the commiffioners for the faid duties, verified by any' fuch perfons upon their affirmation, (hall be as valid and effec- certificates tual, as if the fame were verified upon their oath, in the man- verified opoa ner directed by the faid a<Sl; any thing therein contained to the affirmation I• contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.	be valid.

CAP. XLIII.

An a£l for taking away and abolifbing the heretable jurif-Unions in that part of Great Britain caUed Scotland 5 and for making fatisfailion to the proprietors thereof \ and for reftoring fuch jurifdiftions to the crown \ and' for making more effectual provifton for the adminijlration of N juftice throughout that part of the united kingdom, by the King’s courts and judges there \ and for obliging all per-fans ailing as procurators, writers> or agents in the law in Scotland to take the oaths; and for rendering the union of the two kingdoms more complete.

FO R remedying the inconveniencies that have arifen, and may arife from the multiplicity and extent of heretable; ju-rifcficlions in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for making fatisfallion to the proprietors thereof, for reftoring to the crown the powers of jurifdidlion originally and properly belonging thereto, according to the conftitution, and for extending the influence, benefit, and prote<5lion of the King’s laws and courts of juftice to all his Majesty’s fubje&s in Scotland, and for reordering the union more complete; be it enabled by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confei>t of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame, 'l'hat all heretable iurifdidlipns of judiciary, and all regalities and All keret^Wf, herctablc baillieries, and all heretable conftabularics, other than jurifduftion*, the office of high conftable of Scotland, and all ftewartries, be- ^ndllhe^ ing parts only of (hires or counties, and all ftierifffhips and de- fice of high puty fheriffmips of diftrifts, bein^ parts only of (hires or coun- conftable ex-ties within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, belonging cepted, unto, or pofteiled or claimed by any fubje<5t or fubje&s, and all juriftKdrons, powers, authorities, and privileges thereunto appurtenant or annexed, or dependant thereupon, (hall be, and they arc hereby, from and after the twenty fifth day of March, in	frotn

the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, 15 March, abrogated, taken away, and totally diflolved and extinguhhed. >749.

Digitized by booQle

iz8

The lands, rents, and certain duties annexed to the heretable baillieries, &c. to remain.

All heretable jurifdi&ionito be vetted in the King's courts and Judges.

All heretable IherifFshipt, Sec. to be refumed and annexed to the crown.

Sheriffships, See. not to be granted for a

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 43.	[1747.

II.	Provided always, That all lands annexed or belonging to the faid heretable bailleries, dewartries, and condabularies, hereby intended to be diflolved and extinguifhed, and the rents and duties, confiding of money, visual, cattle, or other goods, |fey-able to the pofleffors of the faid heretable baillieries, dewartries, or condabularies, (hall remain with and belong to them, their heirs, and fucceflors, and continue to be enjoyed by and paid to them, their heirs, and fucceflors, notwithstanding the extinction of the faid offices.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all jurifdi&ions,powers, and authorities legally veded in, or belonging to any fuch judiciary, regalities, baillieries, condabu-laries, dewartries, (herifffhips, and deputy (heriffihips, or any of them, (hall, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of Marck^ be veded in . and exercifed by the court of feflion, court of judiciary at Edinburgh, the judges in the feveral circuits, and the courts of the (heriffs and dewarts of (hires or counties, and other of the King's courts in Scotland refpe&ively, to which fuch jurisdictions, powers, and authorities would now by law havtbe-longed, in cafe fuch judiciary, regality, baillierie, conftabulary, ftewartry, (herifFfhip, or deputy fherifflhip, had never been granted or ereCted; and that the leveral towns, villages, places, dif-triCts, and bounds which lie within, as were fubjedt to fuch judiciary, regalities, baillieries, condabularies, dewartries, (he-rifflhips, or deputy fherifffhips, hereby taken away and diflblv-cd respectively, and the inhabitants and refidenters within the fame, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, (hall be fubjedl to the jurifdiCtion and authority or the faid court of judiciary at Edinburgh, the judges in their circuits, the fheriffs, and the courts of the fheriffs or dewarts of counties or (hires, and fuch other of the King’s courts as aforefaid refpeCiively, in the fame manner as fuch towns, villages, places, diftricts, and bounds, and the inhabitants and refidenters within the fame, would have been, in cafe fuch judiciary, regalities, baillieries, condabularies, dewartries, (herifFfhips, or deputy (herifffhips had never exifted.

IV.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, all (heriffships of any county or (hire, and all dewartries, not hereby before taken away and.extinguifhed, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, granted unto, or poflefled by, any fubjeCt or fubjeCts, either heretably, or for life, and all juristic-tions, authorities, or privileges thereunto belonging or annexed, or dependant thereupon, (hall be, and they are hereby refumed and annexed to the crown; and that the (heriffs and ftewarts of fuch counties, (hires, and dewartries refpeCtively, (hall, from thenceforth, be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors.

V.	Provided always,, and it is hereby enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That no fherifflhip or ftewartry of any county, (hire, or diftriCt, within that part of Great Britain called Sci-

Digitized by Google

*747-3 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. C.43.	129

land* (hall, at any time hereafter, be granted to anv perfon or longer term peribnt whatfoever, either heretably, or for life, or for any cer- than 1 year-tain term exceeding one year; and that no jufticiary, regality. Grants of ju-conftabulary, or baillierie, nor any judicature, jurifdldion, au- fticiary, &c. thority, or immunity of the like nature or kind, within that c°ntrar>'to.. part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall, at any time hereafter,* usa * nu be erefted, created, or- granted, but that all letters patent, gifts, and grants of any of the premifles, made contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, (hall be, and they are hereby ena&ed and declared to be null and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever,

VI.	^nd be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That Compenfation reafonable and juft compenfation and fatisfadion (hall be made to be made for out of the next aids to be granted in parliament, for and in re- ^^take^a-fpcd of every fuch jufticiary, regality, (herifflhip, deputy (he- way. rifflhip, ftewartry, conftabulary, and baillierie hereby taken a-

way and diflolved, or refumed and annexed to the crown, to all and every perfon and perfons refpedively, who (hall appear to be lawfully poflefled of any fuch juftic.ary, regality, fheriftfhip, deputy (heritflhip, ftewartry, conftabulary, or baillierie, and to every clerk thereof, who was on the eleventh day of November, onethoufand feven hundred and forty fix, lawfully poflefled for life of his clerkfhip, in cafe fuch office (hall be neceflarily ex-tinguifhed in confequence of this ad.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Claims, See. all and every perfon and perfons lawfully poflefled of any fuch to be entered jufticiary, regality, (herifFftiip, deputy fherifflhip, ftewartry, con- ^ or.e IlWo*1 ftabulary, baillierie, or clerkftlip, (hall, on or before the eleventh 1747 *

day of November,, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven

hundred and forty feven, make and enter his, her, and their

claim or claims thereto refpedively in the court of feflion in

Scotland; and all fuch claims, with the titles or vouchers pro- and to be gir-

duced in fupport thereof, (hall be given out in the ufual man- en with the

ner to his Majesty’s advocate for Scotland or his deputy, or to KirT's^dr

his Majesty’s folic.tor general there, who are hereby authorized vocate^c.

and required to appear On behalf of his Majesty, to defend or

objeft againft all or any fuch claim or claims, as they (hall find

caufc to oppofe, either in refped of the validity of the claimant’s

title to the jurifdidion therein fet forth, or of the value or price

thereof; and the faid court of feflion (hall, in a fummary way, Court to exa-

examine the feveral and refpedive titles to the fame; and in thc tlm

cafe they (hall find any fuch perfon or perfons to have been fo maSrynway,in”

lawfully poflefled as aforefaid of any fuch jufticiary, regality, and adjudge

(herifflhip, deputy (heriffftiip, ftewartry, conftabulary, baillierie, the value ;

cr derklhip, then the faid court (hall, with all pofliblc difpatch, and make cer-

confider and declare their opinion, touching the value or price	19

thereof, and (hall caufe all fuch opinions to be entered in a roll council;

or book to be kept for that purpofe, and make certificate or CoDustobc

certificates thereof to his Majesty, his heirs or (ucceflbrs, in his laid before

or their privy council; copies of which (hall be laid forthwith Pariamcnt*

before both houfes of parliament.

Sou XIX.	K	VIII.	And

Digitized by v^ooQle

130	Anno	vicefimo Gbor6ii II. c. 43.	[if#/.

Court to fit in	VIII. And be it further enadted by the authority afbre&sd,

the vacation, That the court of (feflion fhall be, and is hereby authorized and impowered to meet and proceed on all futh chi ms as (hail be exhibited purfuant to this adt, in the times of vacation, and upon Monday, as well as upon other days, during the time of •	feflion; and the faid court of feflion is hereby required to fit for

the purpofes aforefaid, during the whole month of March next after the faid eleventh day of November, in the fame manner as during the fefTion time, unlefs they (hall fooner have difeufied the matters and things, and made the certificates • hereby directed.

6ourt to order IX. And it is.hereby further enadted, That the (aid court of the production feflion, for the better difeovery of the truth in the enquiries and of papers. determinations hereby directed to be made, (ball and may, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to order and compel the production of all books, papers, and writings, in ant wife relating to any of the matters or things, which they are hereby impowered to examine into, determine, or declare their opinions upon, and to examine any perfon or perfons, eitber parties or witnefles, upon oath, concerning the fame, and aUo concerning any books, papers, and writings, relating to any fuch matters or things, either in general, or by particular de-feription.

X.	Provided always, That in all cafes where any fuchherct-able judiciary, regality, (heriffihip, deputy (heriffihip, dewar-try, condabulary, or baillierie, fhall be fubjedt to any (hid

.... v can- *ailzie» affedted with irritant and rcfolutive or prohibitive chufa, not be aliened, or fo fettled, limited, mortgaged, or incumbered, that the pof-the court to feflor thereof cannot difpone or alien the fame, either gratuit* order the fum oufly, or for an onerous caufe, the fum or fums of money to be ecree to allowed for or in refpedt of the value or price thereof, (hall, by the order and direction of the faid court of feflion, be laid out and inveded in the purchafe of lands, tenements, or herettges, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland; which (aid lands, tenements, or heretages, (hall be difponed and fettled to the fame ufes, and under the fame limitations and reftridtions, for the benefit of fuch perfon and perfons, and in the fame courfe of fucceffion, and fubjedt to the fame mortgages and incumbrances to or upon which fuch heretable judiciary, regality, (herifffhip, deputy (heriffdiip, dewartry, condabulary, or baillierie, was fettled, or ought to have gone or dood fubjedt unto.

XI.	Provided alfo, That in fuch cafes as aforefaid, and where

the entailed edate is fubjedt to, or affedted with, any debts of the maker of the entail, or	other debts that are effectual to

charge the edate, not being	contracted by the prefent fiar or

proprietor thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to apply the money to be allowed for or in refpedt of the jurifdidtions hereby abro-

paying off the	gated, that were attendant on	fuch tailzied edate, for paying off

*m€t	or clearing fuch edate of the	debts of the maker of the entail,

or other debts affedtrng the fame, as aforefaid, and that the re-fidue only (if any fuch (hall be, aider the payment of thofe'debts)

be

Where here-t.able jurifdic. tions are fo circumftanced that the

laid out ip

E‘iafe of , &c.

Where eftates ore fubjedt to the debts of the maker of the entail, the money to be applied in

Digitized by booQle

174 7$ Anno vicefimo GeoRG-ii If. 0,43.	*31

be hud out in the purchafe of other lands or heretages in man-ner above Qientioned.

SH. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons having any eftate, right, title, or intereft in or unto * any fuch judiciary, regality, (heriffship, deputy (heriffship, ftewartry, conftabulary, or baillierie, either in poffeffion or expectancy, and to and for any heir of tailzie, or any fubftitute in any fuch tailzie, where the fame, or any of them, (hall be ftrictly entailed as aforefaid, or to or for any guardian, tutor, curator, or truftee, on behalf of any infant or minor, ideot, lunatick, or fatuous or furious perfon, having any fuch eftate, right, title, or intereft, or being fuch heir of tailzie, or fubftitute, as aforefaid, or for any mortgagee or incumbrancer, to make and enter his or her claim thereto in manner before directed, and alfo to exhibit or prefent a petition to tfoe faid court of Court to be feffioo, praying the directions pf that court for laying out or in- petitioned for vefting any fuch fum or fums of money in the purchafe of lands, laying out tht tenements, or heretages as aforefaid, or for placing out the fame moncy» upon any good fecurity, until fuch purchafe (haH be found ; and the (aid court of feffion are hereby authorized and required to proceed upon every fuch petition in a fummary way, and to make fuch order, and give fuch directions thereupon, as (hall be agreeable to juftice, and the nature of the cafe; and in the which is to be mean time, until fuch order and directions (hall be made and	baI!J*c

giveh as aforefaid, all and every fum and fums of money, which fhallm^e^r-Ihail be afleffed or allowed for the value of any fuch judiciary, der. regality, (heriffship, deputy (heriffship, ftewartry, conftabulary, or baillierie, belonging to any fuch infant, minor, ideot, lunatick, fatuous or furious perfon, or fubject to fuch ftrict tailzie, or fo fettled, limited, mortgaged, or incumbered, (hall be paid unto, and remain in either of the banks of Scotland; and from and after fuch order made, or directions given by the faid court of felfion, fuch fum or fums of money (hall be paid out to fuch perfon or perfons, as by the order or interloquitor of the faid court (hall be authorized and appointed to receive the fame.

XIII.	Provided always. That all and every perfon and per- perf0ns no* fons, who (hall neglect or omit to make and enter his, her, or entering their their claim or claims, in refpect of any of the jurisdictions here- claims exclud-by abrogated, and of fuch clerkfhips as aforefaid, within the cd*

time, and in the manner herein before directed, (hall be for ever excluded from the benefit of compenfation and fatisfaction hereby provided.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Proceedingsof That ail fuits, decrees, fentences, interloquitors, judgments, tliecoym, executions', and proceedings, of or in any coart hereby abrogat-

ed, taken away, and diffolved, which were depending, pro- confirmed! nounced, awarded, or had, before the faid twenty fifth day of March, (hall be and remain of the fame force, effect, and validity; and in the fame date and condition, a$ the fame would rdpc&ively have been in cafe this a£t had not been made; and

K 2	that

igi	Anno	vicefimo	Georgii	II.	c.	43.	[1747.

Proceedings, that all records, rolls, books, and entries of any fuch fuits, de-&c after 14 crees, fentences, interloquitors, judgments, executions, or proto be’trlnfmit- ceedings, relating to any civil or criminal caufe in any fuch court, ted to theihe- Aiall on or before the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of riffs courts, our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, be tranf-mitted by the pofleffor of any fuch judiciary, ftewartry, fheriff-fhip, deputy fheriffYhip, regality, conftabulary, or baillierie, to the courts of the refpedive (henffs or ftewarts of counties, and there lodged and kept amongft the records of fuch courts; which (hall proceed thereupon as if the faid civil or criminal caufes had hornins °&c ^>een commence^ originally in fuch courts; and that the regifter tobe^ranVmit* hooks of hornings, inhibitions, and interdictions heretofore kept ted to the re- in any baillieries of royalty or regality, or ftewartries hereby girter houfe at abrogated, (hall, on or before the faid twenty fourth day of June, Edinburgh. tranfmitted to his Majesty’s general regifter houfe at Edinburgh.

XV.	And whereas by feveral grants of heritable jurifdiftions, lands lying within, and making part of one /Lire, have been difumtei from the fame, and annexed to, and made part of another diflant Jhire, to the great interruption of jujlice, and inconvenience of the Jurifdi&ions fubjefts; be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and uni\^dfrom" a^ter ^ twenty day of March, one thoufand feven hun-tbeir proper dred and f°rty e,ght, all and every adl, ftatute, charter or grant (hires; annex- whatfoever, whereby any lands lying anciently within one (hire ed to the (hires in Scotland were difunited from the fame, and annexed to another

ti Cuous to”" ^ire t0	^uch	lands	were	not	adjacent	or	contiguous,	fliall

guous o. ^ repealed and made void, with refpedl only to the jurifdidfcion of the (heriffs or ftewarts courts; and the lands fo difunited and annexed, (lvall, with refpedl to fuch jurifdidlion only, be, and they are hereby refloredor annexed to the (hire or (hires refpec-tively within which fuch lands do locally lie; and in cafe fuch lands are interjedled between two ftiires, they (hall be, and are hereby annexed to the ftiire, to the head borough of which they •	are neareft adjacent.

Right of vot- XVI. Provided always. That this reftilution (hall not extend mein of land to vai7 or a^ter t^e right voting for members to ferve in par-tax, not to be liament, in refpedl of fuch lands, or to vary or alter the pay-altered. ment of the tax commonly called the cefs or land tax.

XVII. And whereas the jurifdiftion in capital cafes, that was heretofore granted to many heritors or proprietors of lands within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, wbofe lands were erected by the crown into baronies, or granted cum fofla et furca, or with power of pit and gallows, or with the like words, importing fuch capital ju-rifdiftion, hath been long difeontinued or fallen into difufe, as to the exercife thereof and it is now unnecejfary and improper that the right or title of fuch jurijdiftion in barons Jhould be any longer retained: and whereas it is alfo reafonable that fome further regulation Jhould be made relating to the juri fdiftion of fuch barons, or of other heritors of'lands, who are itifeojft cum curiis, or intithd to the jurifdic-tions of barons, or other lower jurifdiftion ; be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fifth

day

Digitized by v^rOOQle

1747-1	Anno vicefimo GeoRGH II. 0*43.	133

day of March, in (he year of our Lord one thoufand feven hun- Baron*, &crto dred and forty eight, no heretor or proprietor of lands within ^?on°in ca-Scot land^ which had been ere<fted into a barony, or granted with pjtaj cafc8; other lower jurifdi<ftion, or their baillies, (hall, by virtue there-	*

of, have, exercife, or enjoy any jurifdidion whatfoever in capital cafes ; and that no fuch baron, or other heretor of lands, infeofft nor in crimi-cnm a/riis, or their baillies, (hall, by virtue thereof, have exercife, caufes, ex-or enjoy any jurifdi&ion in any criminal caufe whatfoever, other ^Pr affai^8» than afiaults, batteries, and fmaller crimes, for which the punifti-ment to be infli&ed (hall only be by a fine not exceeding twenty fhillings fterling, or by fetting the delinquent in the (locks, for any time not exceeding three hours, in the day-time; which fine (hall be levied by diftrefs or poynding of the goods of the delinquent 5 and in default of fuch diftrefs, by imprifonment of nor ;n c;vy his or her perfon, for any time not exceeding the fpace of one caufes, month ; and that as to civil caufes, it (hall not be lawful or competent, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, for any fuch baron or heretor, or their baillies, to hold plea, or where the fum judge in any cayfe where the debt or damages (hall exceed the fum fha’*l exceed of forty shillings fterling, other than for recovering and uplifting408' from tne vaflals, tenants, or pofleflors of the lands and heretages exce t -n re of fuch baron or heretor, the mails and duties, or rents and pro- covering rent* fits thereof, or for recovery of multures or fervices payable or and duties, preftable to their mills; and in all other civil caufes it (hall not be lawful for fuch courts to judge in cafes of higher value than the fum aforefaid, by virtue of any prorogation of the jurifdic-tion, or confent of the parties litigant for that purpofe ; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding; and that every decree, fentence, judgement, and proceeding by or before any fuch baron, heretor, or their baillies, contrary to this a<ft,

(hall be abfolutely void and null to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XVIII.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority Here tors pof-afbrefaid. That every baron, or other heretor of lands in Scot- fcfledofcri-landy who (hall be intitled to, or pofleiled of any criminal jurif- ™J?al iun*" di&ion, not hereby abrogated or taken away, (hall and is here- hcreby^ken by required to enter in a book, to be kept by the (heriff clerk of away, to enter the county within which his lands lie (which books the laid with the (he* fheriff clerks are hereby authorized and required to keep for that r*^ clerks, purpofe) the houfe, room or place which fuch baron or heretor proifria^dTor hath provided* or appropriated, or (hall provide or appropriate, a prifoiu for being ufed as a prifon, for rendering effetftual the jurifdi&ion competent to him by law; and it (hall not be lawful to fuch ba- Nonc to be ron or heretor, or his baillie, to caufe any perfon to be imprifon- impriioncd in ed in any other room or place than what (hall be fo entered; unentered and every fuch houfe, room, or place (hall be fo fituated, and pHrontoliave have fuch windows or grates open to infpe&ion from without, Endows open as that it maybe pra<fticable for any friend of the party imprifon- to infpe&iou, ed, to vifit, fee, and converfe with the prifoner, when he (hall &c. be fo minded; and that every fuch baron or heretor (hall, for every offence againft this a<ft, forfeit the penalty of twenty Penalty 101.

K 3	pounds

Digitized by v^ooQle

13+	Anno	victfimo	Geougii	II.	C.	43.	[t	747.

Sheriffs to in- pounds fterling, with cofts, to the party injured; and that aU (onf an/dif anc* every t*ie ^eriffs of (hires, and ftewarts of ftewartries, not allow fuch as hereby abrogated or taken away, or their deputies within Srat* are grievous, land, (hall, and they are hereby required to vifit and infpc& all See.	fuch houfes, places,* or rooms, as (hall be fo entered as prifons,

and to difallow and prohibit the ufe of the fame, in cafe they (hall appear to the faid (heriffs or llewarts, or their deputies re-fpedtively, to be places grievous, or unhealthy, or not agreeable to the regulations herein before ena&ed.

None to be XIX, Provided always. That from and after the faid twenty committed for fifth jay Qf Marche no perfon (hall be committed to prifon for but by war^CS cuft°dy> in order to trial, for any affaults, batteries, and fmailer rant, expref- crimes, without a warrant or order in writing, exprefling the fing the caufe, particular caufe for which fuch perfon is imprifoned; which &c*	warrant or order (hall be entered at large in a book to be kept

Extras to be for that purpofe ; and extra&s thereof (hall be tranfmitted every theVeriff. t0 months to the (heriff or ftewart court of the county or ftewartry, in which fuch warrant or order (hall iffue or be exe-

•	cuted, there to remain on record.

Jurifdi&ions XX. Provided «alfo, That it (hall and may be lawful to and markets re- f°r every ^eretor and proprietor of lands in Scotland, intitled by (erved. " his infeftments, or any of them, to any fair or market, to have and exercife fuch jurifdiltion* as is competent to him by law, for preferving the peace, determining controverfies, and reftrain-ing or correcting riots, trefpafles, or diforders which may arife* or be committed within any fuch fair or market during the continuance thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Jurifdi£Vions XXL Provided alfo, That every heretor, or proprietor of ^t°worksrlor ^arK^s *n Scotland) within which any coal-works or fait works, mines referv- or m,nes of any kind, are or (hall be carried on, (hall and tnay cd. *	be at liberty to exercife fuch power and jurisdiction, as is com-

petent to him by law, over the colliers or falters, or other work-

*	men employed in carrying on fuch coal-works, falt-works, or mines; any thing herein contained to the contrary notvtitb-ftanding.

Jurifdi&ions XXII. Provided always. That the power and jurifdi&ion of fairs, coal- hereby referved to the proprietors of fairs or markets, and of W<r kS-d&C coal-works, falt-works, and jnines, or any of them, fhali oat to extended extend, or be qonftrued to extend, to continue or refcrve to life, or de- them, or any of them, any power or jurifdi&ion of trying, membration. judging or determining, in any cafe whatfoever, inferring the lofs of life, or demembration \ but that all fuch jurifdl&ion and power of trying, judging, and determining, in any cafe inferring the lofs of life, or demembration* (hall be, and is hereby, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March) one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, wholly taken away and abrogated. Judges in ba- XXIII. Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority rons or other aforefaick That no baillie or other perfon (hall, after the faid th^ths ta^C twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty and°regifter a* eight, officiate as judge in any baron?* or other court, for exe-certificate.	CUting

Digitized by Google

*35

*747-3 Anno vfceflmo Georgji II. c. 43.

curing fitch jurifdidion a? aforefaid, without firft qualifying him-felf, by taking the oaths appointed by law to be taken by per. fons in offices of publick truft, and caufing a certificate of his having done fo to be entered or regiftercd in a book to be kept for that purpofe, by the clerks of the (hires, ftewartries, or burghs, where fuch perfon (hall refide; and if any perfon, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, (hall prefume to ad or officiate as judge in any iuch court of barony, or fuch other courts as aforefaid, without having taken the faid oaths, and capfing the certificate of his having duly taken the fame, to be registered as is above dlrcded, every perfon fo offending, bring thereof lawfully convided before any two or more juftices of the peace, or before any other judge competent of the place. Penalty iol. fummarUy, (hall, for fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds ?r 6 months flerling; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc. iraPnf°unaent. ceflbrt, and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch perfon who (hall give information of the faid offence ; and (hall fuffer. imprifon-ment for the (Space of Ax months, unlefs or until the feme be paid.

XXIV Provided always, and it is hereby, further enaded, jurifdtftfons That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall appear to have of baronies, been lawfully poflefled, on the faid twenty fifth day of March> &c* referved. one thousand feven hundred and forty eight, of any fuch judiciary, regality, or other jurifididion hereby abrogated, (hall, from and after , the faid twenty fifth day of Marche retain fuch jurif-didion of barony, or other lower juritdidion, as fuch perfon or perfons would have been intitled to, in cafe fuch judiciary, regality, or other jurifdidion hereby abrogated, had never been eroded, granted, or exifted; fuch lower jurifdidion nevertheless bring always fubjed to the regulations hereby enaded concerning the like lower jurifdidions, throughout that part of the kingdom.

aXV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Letters pa. That no letters patent, charter, or grant, to bo made or grant- tent, &cWor ed by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or by the barons of uniting or the court of exchequer in Scotland, at any time after the fixth ^^"fonies* day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hun- |ograftt jurif-dred and forty feven, tor the uniting or ereding any lands or didions only tenements within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, into forthereoove-sr barony, lordftiip, or earldom, or under any other denominar lion whatfoever, or for annexing any lands or tenements in ^ u le** Scotland to any banony, lordfhip, or earldom, or other diftrid of the like nature, under any denomination whatfoever heretofore granted or ereded, (hall be fufficient or available in law to pafs, grant, or convey to the grantee or grantees therein named, or any other perfon or perions whatfoever, any greater or other jurtfili&ion, than for recovering and uplifting-from the vaffals, tenant, or poffeffor of the lands and heretages of the proprietor of fuch barony, lordftiip, or earldom, the mails and duties, qr rents and profits thereof, or for recovery of the multures orier-vices payable or pteftabie to iheir mills $ and that all letters pa-

K 4	teat.

Digitized by

rGoogle

1 i6

Grants contrary to this a& null.

Jurifdi&ions veiled in royal boroughs referred.

Cumulative jurifdi&ions , veiled in burghs of legality, See. referved.

Exception,

Officers executing poynd ings, to carry the goods or famples to th market crofs of the next royal burgh, Sec.

Regulations relating to fheriffs courts and the quali fications of officers.

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. C. 43;	[*747*

tent, charters, gifts, and grants of any of the premises, to be made contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a&, (hall be, and they are hereby enabled and declared to be null and

void.

XXVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaAed, That nothing in this alt (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to take away, extinguifh, or prejudice any jurifdi&ion or privilege, by law vefted in or competent to the corporation or community of any royal borough in Scotland; and that all fuch jti-rifdidlions, privileges and immunities, as are by law veiled in or competent to fuch royal boroughs, or any or them, whether within or without the royalty of fuch boroughs refpeAively, are and (hall be faved and referved entire to them, or any of them, in fuch and the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if this ad had not been made.

XXVII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaAed, That nothing in this aA contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to take away, extingui(h, or prejudice any jurifdiAion, authority, or privilege, by law veiled in, or competent to the corporation or community of any burgh of regality, or of barony in Scotland, or to the magiftrates of any fuch burgh refpec-tively, which are independent of the lord of regality or baron refpeAively, except any power or privilege of repleaging from the (herifPs or (lewart’s court, or any other of the King^s courts; and from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, the ju-rifdiAion hereby referved to fuch corporation or community, or the magiftrates thereof, (hall be, and be deemed and taken to be cumulative only.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, . That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thou-

fand feven hundred and forty eight, in the execution of poynd-ings, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, it (hall e and may be lawful for the officer executing fuch poyndings, to carry the goods poynded, or famples thereof, in fuch cafes where the carrying of famples is praAifed, to the market crofs of that royal burgh, or burgh of regality, or barony (as well fuch whereof the jurifdiAion is hereby abrogated or regulated, as thofe whereof the jurifdiAion is faved entire) which (hall lie neared to the place where fuch poynding was inchoated, which (hall be as fufficient to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch goods or famples as aforefaid had been carried to the market crofs of the head burgh of the (hire; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIX.	And whereas it is reafonabley That fome further regulation Jhould be made relating to the fheriffs courts in that pari oj Great Britain called Scotland ; be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That there (hall be but one (heriff depute, or (lewart depute, in every county, (hire, or ftewartry in Scotland^

9 not hereby taken away or abrogated, and that he (hall be an ad-. vocate of three years (landing at the lead, and (hall, during the fpace of feven years from the faid twenty fifth day of March,

be

Digitized by

Google

1747*1 Anno vlcefimo Georgii II. c. 43.	.	137

be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceffors, by warrant under his or their fign manual, with fuch continuance as his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors (hall think fit; and that after the end of the faid (even years, the offices of (heriff depute, and ftewart depute, (hall be granted and held ad vitam out culpam only, with competent falaries, to be afcertained and eftablifhed for the time of their continuance; and that every fuch (heriff depute, or ftewart depute, (hall have power to nominate and appoint one of more perfon or perfons to alt as fubftitute or fubftitutes under him throughout the whole county,

(hire, or ftewartry, or within fuch parifhes or diftrilts thereof, as (hall be exprefted in the commiffion of fuch fubftitute or fubftitutes during his pleafure, for whom he (hall be anfwerable ; and fuch fubftitute and fubftitutes are hereby required to take and fubfcribe openly, in fuch (heriffs or ftewarts courts refpec-tively, the oaths appointed by law to be taken by perfons in offices of publick truft, to be there recorded, before he or they enter upon his or their office or offices; and that it (hall and may be lawful for all (heriffs depute and ftewarts depute, and their fubftitutes, to hold their courts at any time in the year, as well during the vacation of the court of fefiion, as during the fitting thereof, without any difpenfation from the faid court; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid (heriffs depute or ftewarts depute, not only to hold the dated courts at their bead boroughs, but alfo to hold itinerant courts, at fuch times and places, within their refjpeltive jurifdiltions, as they (hall judge to be expedient, or at fuch times and places as they (hall be direlted or ordered by his Majesty, his heirs or fuccei-fors, by warrant under his or their fign manual; which (heriffs depute, or ftewarts depute, are hereby required to caufe notice to be given, within a reafonable time before fuch itinerant courts (hall be held; which notice they (hall caufe to be publifhed at the feveral parifh churches within the diftrilt for which the fame are to be fo held; and that every fuch (heriff depute, and ftewart depute, (hall be and refide personally within his county, (hire, or ftewartry, during the fpace of four months at leaft in the year; and that it mall not be lawful for any (heriff depute or ftewart depute to advife, plead, or otherwife alt as an advocate before any of the King’s courts at Edinburgh, or at the circuit courts, in any caufe, civil or criminal, arifing within, or coming from his county, (hire, or ftewartry; and that in cafe any fuch (heriff depute or ftewart depute (hall not fo refide, or (hall fo advife, plead, or otherwife alt as an advocate, or (hall be guilty of any grofs miibehaviour, or neglelt of duty, every fuch (heriff depute or ftewart depute, being convilted of any fuch offence, upon a fummarv trial before the court of feflion, at the fuit of his Majesty’s advocate for the time being, or at the fuit of any four or more of the freeholders intitled to vote in elections of members to ferve in parliament for fuch county, (hire, or ftewartry, (hall be deprived of his office.

• XXX. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

t3»

High Sheriffs, &c. not to (it as judges.

Anno viccfimo Georgn II. c. 43:	[1;

XXX. And be it further em&ed by the authority afbreC

Circuit courts to be held twice a year.

That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of Manhy (hall be in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, it (hall not be lawful for any principal, or high (he-riff, or ftewart in Scotland, personally to judge in any caufc, civil or criminal, within his (hire or ftewartry, in virtue of fuch bis office; any law or ufage in any ways to the contrary nof-withftanding.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty ffith day of March the circuit courts (hall be regularly held twice in every year, within

Judges to fit that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the judges thereof 6 days at each (hall continue by the fpace of fix days at the lead, at each town place. or place where the circuit courts (hall be held, for the difpatch of bufinefs.

XXXII.	And whereas a doubt hath been entertained, whether it he lawful or competent for one judge to proceed to do bufinefs in the circuit courts, when hts colleague happens to be necejjarily absent, and the juftite general not to beprefent at Jucb circuit court 5 it is hereby

One Judge farther cna6led, That it (hall and may be lawful for any one may aft in the of the judge* in fuch circuit courts to difpatch bufinefs whenever ablence of his it (hall happen that his colleague (hall, through indi(pofitkxi, colleague. or other neceflfary avocation, be abfent, and the juftice general not be prefent at fuch circuit court; any )aw,cuftom, or ufege, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

The weftem XXXIII. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That the coun-circuit to take ty or (hire of Argyll, and all the iilands, places, dirtri&s, and °f^>un<*s lying within, or fubjeft to the jurisdkftion of the iufti-& 9 ciary now verted in, or belonging to the moft noble Archibald duke of Argyll, (hall be, and be deemed and taken to be within the limits of the circuit called the weftern circuit, or of fuch other circuit or circuits in Scotland, as (hall be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, purfuant to the power herein after mentioned ; and that the judges of the faid circuit or circuits (hall have and exercife the feme jurifdiftien, powers, and authorities within the foid county or (hire of Argfly and Ac iftands, places, diftri&s, and bounds before-mentioned refpec-.	. tiveljr, as in any other county or (hire within the faid circuit or

Lmobe circuits; and that the burgh of Inver ary y being the head burgh held at Inve- of the (hire of Argyll, (hall be the place where the circuit coon rarv for Ar- (hall be held twice m the year, for the counties or (hires of Argyll and Bute.	and Bute.

XXXIV. And to the end that the jurifdi&ion of the circuit courts, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, may beren-* •	dered more ufeful and beneficial to his Majesty’s fubje&s in that

part of the united kingdom, be it further ena&ed by the authority Perfdnsag- aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any patty grieved by or parties conceiving himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any *0-ientenee,*^ terlocutor, decree, fentence, or judgment of the fherifrs or coun fllcr^f8 fl'ewart's court of any county, (hire, or ftewartry, or of tbe 9 courts of any royal borough, or burgh of regality or barony, or

of

Digitized by v^ooQle

1747*] Anno vicefuno Georgii II. C.43J	13$

of any court of any baron, or other heretor having fuch jurif-didion, as is not hereby abrogated or taken away, where fuch interlocutor, decree, fentence, or judgment (hall be concern- in criminal ing matters criminal, of whatever nature or extent the fame may £»(«•»n<* be, except all cafes which infer the lofs of life or demembration, [f^orde- °* or in matters civil, where the fubje# matter of the fuit did not membration, exceed in value the fum of twelve pounds fterling, to complain .	.	..

and feek relief againft the fame, by appeal to the next circuit ^hcrctlie court of the circuit wherein fuch county, (hire or ftewartry, fuin did not royal borough, or burgh of regality or barony, or fuch barony exceed izl. or eftate (hall lie, fo as no fuch appeal be competent before a final decree, fentence, or judgment pronounced ; and fuch ap- may appeal to peal, it (hall be lawful for the party conceiving himfelf aggriev- Hjc nextdr-ed, to take and enter in open court, at the time of pronounc- cuit court, ing fuch decree, judgment, or fentence, or at any time thereafter, yvithin ten days, by lodging the fame in the hands of the clerk of court, and ferving the adverfe party with a duplicate thereof perfonally, or at his dwelling-houfe, or his procurator or agent in the caufe, and ferving in like manner the inferior judp himfelf* in cafe the appeal (hall contain any conclufion againft him by way of cenfure or reparation of damages, for alleged wilful injuftice, oppreffion, or other malversation; and fuch fervice (hall be fufficiei\t fummons to oblige the refpon- Copy to be dents to attend and anfwer, at the next circuit court, which fhe reSon-° (hall happen to be held fifteen days at lead after fuch fervice $ dents. ^ and thereupon the judge or. judges, at fuch circuit court, lhall and may proceed to cognofce. hear, and determine any fuch ap- Circuit court peal or complaint, by the like rules of law and jufticeas the to proceed in court of feilion, or court of judiciary refoedlively, may now * a^kear-cognofce and determine in fufpenfions of the interlocutors, de- iliYapp cals*, crees, fentences, or judgments of fuch inferior courts ; but the laid circuit court lhall proceed therein in a fummary way; and io cafe they (hall find the reafons of any fuch appeal not to be relevant, or not inftru&ed, or (hall determine againd the party fo complaining or appealing, the faid judge or judges fhall condemn the appellant or complainer in fuA cods as the court (hall and award think proper to be paid to the other party, not exceeding the real cods bona fide expended by fuch party j and the decree, fentence, or judgment of fuch circuit court, in any of the cafes a-forefaid, (hall be final.

XXXV. Provided, That fo much of this acd as relates to ap- Claufe relat-pealsin civil caafes to the circuit courts as aforefaid, (hall be in ing to appeals force for the fpace of ten years, to be computed from the faid “Vl1 cau*# twenty fifth day of Mareby and to the end of the then next fef-	for	l#

fion of pariiament, and no longer.	y

XXaVI. Provided always. That wherever fuch appeal (hall Appellant to be brought, fuch complainer at the fame time he enters his givHccurity. appeal as aforefaid, (hall lodge in the hands of, the clerk of court, from which the appeal is taken, a bond, with a fufficient Clerk of the cautioner for anfwering and abiding by the judgment of the cir- anf*®*-cuit court, and for paying the cods, it any (hall be by that court

awarded;

Digitized by v^.ooQle

146	Anno	vicefimo	GeoRGII II. c. 43.	[1747.

awarded; and the clerk of court (hall be anfwerable for the fuf-ficiency of fuch cautioner.

Circuit courts XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the notable tode- authority aforefaid. That in cafe fuch circuit court (hall, in cog* ;™0Ccae?ti- nofcinS or Proceeding upon fuch appeal, find any fuch difficulty [y the fame to to ar^e» ^at by means thereof fuch circuit court cannot proceed the feflion. to the determination of the fame, confidently with juftice and the nature of the cafe ; in inv fuch cafe, and not otherwife, it (hall and may be lawful to ana for fuch circuit court to certify fuch appeal, together with the reafons of fuch difficulty, and the proceedings thereupon had before fuch circuit iourt, to the court of feflion, or court of judiciary refpeftively; which courts arc hereby refpeftively authorized and required to proceed in, and determine the fame.

Aft of 1663,	XXXVIII. And be it further enafted by the authbrity afore-

extended to all faid9 That the aft of parliament made in Scotland, in the year fn ca^^°not onc tbmifand hundred and fixty three, intituled. Aft auent exceeding nl. difeharging of advocations for fums within two hundred merk% (hall from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, be, and the fame is hereby extended to the cafe of all advocations, in caufes not exceeding the value of twelve pounds derling.

XXXIX. And whereas it will be for the evident utility of the fubjefts within Scotland, and for the more effectual adminiftratkn of juftice there, that the circuit courts fhould be held in fome parts onl mi^onier P^aces ln Scotland, to which the judges have not hitherto ufed togs\ for a new di- he it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, by an order to be made in his or their privy council, to make a new divifion and diftribution of the circuits in Scotland, or any of them, and to appoint and allot what counties, (hires, (lewartries, places, diftrifts, and bounds, (ball be comprehended within any fuch circuit, and at what times and places the circuit courts (hall be held refpeftively for ever after; and fuch order fo to be made as aforefaid, (hall be duly performed, obferved, and obeyed ; and the judges, in fuch new circuits fo to be appointed, (hall have, exercife, and enjoy the fame jurifdiftion, powers, authorities, and privileges, as by virtue of any law now in force, or by this aft, are or would be competent to the judges in the circuits already eftabli(hed in Scotland, or any of them.

XL. Provided always, That circuit courts (hall continue to be held at fuch towns, as are appointed for keeping and hold-

vifion and diftribution of the circuit courts, &c.

Circuit courts to beheld in

pointed by aft of 1671, Ac.

the towns ap- ing of circuit courts, by an aft of parliament made in the year one thoufand fix hundred and feventy two, intituled, Aft concerning the regulation of the judicatories, or by this aft, but without prejudice to the power hereby veiled in nis Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, to dimini(h, augment, or alter the diftrifts, for which fuch circuit court (hall be held, purfuant to the provifioa herein before made; and the court of feflion in Scotland is hereby direfted and required to take into their confideration what fees they (hall judge reafonable, to be paid to the clerks or other officers officiating in the circuit courts, or in the courts

of

Digitized by Google

1747O Anno vicclimo Georgji II. c. 43.	141

of (heriffs or ftewarts in civil caufes, ^nd regulate the fame by one or more adt or adts of Sederunt, on or before the (aid twenty fifth day of Marcby one thoufafid fe\en hundred and forty eight; which lhali be binding upon all parties concerned, un-Iels or until the fame (hall be altered by adt of parliament; and Qffice f the court of judiciary (hall in like manner take into their confi- to b/regulat-deration what fees they (hall judge reafonable to be paid to the ed by the i'ef-clerks, or other officers officiating in the circuit courts, or in and juft*-the (heriffs or dewarts courts, in criminal caufes, and (hall re- clirY\ gulate the fame by one or more adt or adts of adjournal, 00 or before the faid twenty fifth day of March, which fhall in like manner be binding on all parties concerned, unlefs or until the fame be altered by adt of parliament*

XLI. And whereas it hath been found by experience, that the re- Regulation of lulation concerning trials in the court of jujlici^ry in Scotland, in- tria,s in the troduced by the fourth aft of the parliament of Scotland, held in the	byan

yor one thoufand fix hundred and ninety five, intituled, Adt anent a# 16^5 the juftice court, is unnecejfary and inconvenient, be it therefore repealed, enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid ad as diredts, that after the debate of the relevancy is ended, the King's advocate or advocates,' or procurators for the purfu-er, and for the pannel refpedtively, (hall give into the clerk informations ip writing, to be recorded in the books of adjournal, to be read in open court at advifing, be and is hereby repealed ; and that in place thereof, and of the ancient ufe and cuftom Regulations obferved in that court, of advocates or procurators didlating,	of

and the clerks writing of the debate on the relevancy, which thofe repealed, ufe and cuftom is by the faid adt difeharged and laid afide, the pannel (hall give into the clerk of the court the day before the trial, in writing, fubferibed by the pannel, or one of his procurators, fuch account of the fadts, relating to the matters charged upon him in the libel or indidhnent, and thereto briefly fubjoin the heads of fuch objedtions or defences, as he (hall think fit or be advifed to make at his trial, and that after the debate on the Relevancy, viva voce9 the minutes whereof (hall be taken down, or made up in the fame manner in the judiciary court at Edinburgh, as is now pradtifed at the circuit courts, or in the court of feflion, it (hall be lawful for the court forthwith to pronounce their interlocutor upon the relevancy, and to proceed to the trial, or to adjourn their interlocutor upon die relevancy, or the trial, to a further day, as they (hall fee caufc.

XLH. Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful for Rules to be the (aid court of judiciary, in the trial of any crimes or offen- obferved by ces, other than high treafon, to diredt by a fpecial order for ^ere que-* that purpofe, in fuch cafes as for their difficulty or importance Mons ot dif-(hall appear to require fuch diredtion, that informations in writ- ficulty occur, ing be given in by the procurators for the purfucr and the pannel refoedlively, in any part of the trial where queftions of fuch difficulty (hall occur, whether, after the debate on the relevancy of the libel! or of the defences, or on the import of a fpecial

verdidt.

Digitized by Google

14*	Anno viceflmo Georg fIII. c. 43.	[1747,

verdict, or on the degree of puniftunent, or extent of the pains of law for the crime libelled) or upon any matters that (hail be aUedged for the pannel before judgment.

- XLIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, abothbed. Cl That from and after the faid-twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, no fines, forfeitures, or penalties, fet, impofed, or recovered in ' the fherifPs or ftewart’s court of any county, fhire, or ftewamy in Scotland, (hall accrue, go, or belong to the fheriff or ftewart or any fheriff depute or ftewart depute, but all (hares of fuch fines, forfeitures, and penalties, as heretofore went to the judge, to bepaM into accrue and belong to his Majesty, his heirs and fucccffors, the exchequer an(* Audi he accounted for, and paid into the exchequer of Edinburgh, in like manner, and the like procefs, rules, orders, and methods of proceeding, (hall be iflued, obferved, and ufed for Rules to be levying the fame, and compelling the accounting for, bringing obferved in in, and paying the fame into the faid exchequer, as are no* levying, Ste. competent by law for the accounting for, levying, bringing in, and paying into the (aid exchequer any fin?s, forfeitures, Sentence mo- and penalties accruing or becoming due to his Majesty; and ney abolilhed. that from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March% no fees, poundage, or profits,, commonly called fentence money, (nail be received, taken, or demanded by any fheriff or ftewart, fheriff depute or ftewart depute, or any of their minif-ters, officers, or clerks, but all fuch fees, poundage, or profits, commonly called fentence-money, are hereby utterly taken away, difehargea, and abolifhed 5 any law, cuftom, gift, grant, ufage, or practice to the contrary in any wife notwithftandmg.

XLIV. And be it further enadted by the authority afore&id, Agents See.	That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one

oaths^ thC	thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, it fhall not be lawful

for any perfon whatfoever in Scotland to a<$t as a writer, agent, or folicitor, or to manage, agent, or folicit any caufe or bufinets in the court of feffion, court of judiciary (whether at Edinburg or in the circuit courts) or in the court of Exchequer, until fuch perfon (hall have firft taken and fubferibed the oaths in the court of feffion or judiciary, or in one of the (heriffs or ftewarts courts, appointed by law to be taken by perfons in offices, civil or military, in Scotland, and caufed a certificate of his having fo done to be entered or regiftered in a book to be kept for that puipofc in the refpedtive courts, where any fuch perfon (hall fo officiate, and it (hall not be lawful for any perfon whatfoever to aft or officiate as a procurator, writer, agent, or folicitor, or to plead manage, agent, or folicit any caule or bufmefs in the coun of any fheriff or ftewart in Scotland, or any other inferior court, until fuch perfon (hall have firft taken and fubferibed the faid oaths as aforefaid, and caufed a certificate thereof to be regiftered in fuch court or courts where he (hall officiate as aforelaid; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding; and every fuch court (hall be obliged, upon demand of fuch perfons, to adminifter and regifter (uch oaths refpedtively \ and every per-6	to

Digitized by LjOOQle

I4J

1747-1 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 44.

(on who (hall, after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand (evert hundred and forty feven, aft in manner above- . mentioned in any of the courts aforefaid, without having firft ^fhout hav!.8 taken and fubfcribed the laid oaths, and canted a certificate jng taken the thereof to be regiftered as herein directed, (hall, for every fuch oaths. &c. offence, being thereof lawfully convicted in any of the court* aforefaid, where the offence (nail have been committed, or before the court of fefiion, or judiciary, upon a fummary trial, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds fterling; one moiety thereof toforfejt aoL to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the ule of fuch perfon who (hall give information of the faid or ^ commjt offence; and (hall fuffer imprifonment for the fpace of fix months, tC(|# unlefs or until the fame be paid.

C A P. XLIV.

An aft to extend the provijwns of an aft made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty s reign, intituled, An aft for naturalizing fuch foreign pfoteltants, and others therein mentioned, as are fettled, or fhall fettle in any of hi$

Majefty’s colonies in America, to other foreign proteftants who confcientioufly fcrupU the taking of an oath.

WHEREAS*^ an aft made in the thirteenth year of his pre-	qcq> u

fent Majefty*s reign, intituled, An act for naturalizing c. 7. fuch foreign proteftants, and others therein mentioned, as are fettled, or (hall fettle in any of his Majesty’s colonies in America \ it was enafted, That from and after the firft day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty, all per-fm born out of the ligeance of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccejfors, who had inhabited and refided, or fhould inhabit and refide for the fpoct offeven years, or more, in any of bis Majefty* s colonies in America, and fhould not have been abfent out of fome of the faid colonies for a longer fpace than two months, at any one time during the faid feven year s, and fhould take and fubferibe the oaths, and make, repeat, and fubferibe the declaration appointed by an aft made in the firft year 1 Geo. i.c. 1 j. of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An ad for the further fecurity of his Majelty’s perfon and government, and the fucceffion of the crown m the heirs of the late princels Sophia, being proteftants, and for extinguifhingthe hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, his open and fecret abettors ; or being of the people called Quakers, fhould make and fubferibe the declaration of fidelity, and take'and affirm the effeft of the abjuration oath, eppointed and preferibed by an aft made in the eighth year of 8 Geo. 1. c.6. the reign of bis faid late Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting the people called Quakers, foch forms of affirmation or declaration, ts may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under; and alfo make and fubferibe the profeffion of his chriftian belief, appointed and preferibed by an aft made in the firft year of the 1 w. & M. reign of their late majefties King William and Sheen Alary, inti- ft. x. c. iS. tuledy An aft for exempting their Majefties proteftant lubjefts from fttpenahies of certain laws, ‘before the thief judge; or other

judge

Digitized by Google

144

. Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c.44.	[1747.

judge of the colony wherein fuch perfons refpeftively hod fo inhabited and refided, or Jbould fo inhabit and refide, jbould be deemed adjudged* and taken to be his Majejlys natural-born fubjefts of this kingdom, to all intents, conjlruflions, and purpofes, as if they, and every one of them, had been or were bom within this kingdomand whereas many of the people of the congregation called the Moravian brethren, and other foreign proteflants, not Quakers, who confcientioujly fcruple the taking of an oath, are fettled in his Majejly's colonies in America, and demean themfelves there as a fiber, quiet, and indujlrious people, and many others of the like perfuafion are defirm to tranfport them-felves thither ; and if the benefit of the faid all, made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majejlys reign, were extended to them, they who are now there would thereby be encouraged to continue their refidence in his Majejlys colonies, and others would refort thither in * greater numbers, whereby the faid colonies would be improved, their flrength increafed, and their trade extended \ be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority Foreign pro- of the fame, That from and after the twenty fifth day of De-teftants refi-^ cember, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, all foreign rica Vyearsf * proteftants, who confcientioufly fcruple the taking of an oath, who Scruple an and who are born out of the ligeance of his Majesty, his heirs oath, upon or fucceffors, who have inhabited and refided, or (hall inhabit and an(j ref1(jc> for the fpace of feven years or more, in any of his affirmationof Majefty’s colonies in America, and (hall not have been abfent fidelity and out of fome of the faid colonies for a longer fpace than two declaration j. months at any one time during the faid feven years, and (hall make and fubferibe' the declaration of fidelity, and take and affirm the effeft of the abjuration oath, appointed and prefcribed by the faid recited aft, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, and alfo make and fubferibe the proteffion of his chriftian belief, appointed and prefcribed by the faid recited aft, made in the firft year of the reign of their late majefties King William and Queen Mary, before the chief judge or other judge of the colony wherein fuch perfons refpeftively have fo inhabited and refided, or (hall fo inhabit and refide, (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be his Majesty’s natural-born fubjefts of this kingdom, to all intents, conftruftions, and purpofes, as if they and every of them had been or were born within this kingdom ; which laid affirmation and fubfeription of the faid declaration, the faid chief or other judge of every of the faid refpeftive colonies, is hereby enabled and impowered to adminifter and take: and the taking of every fuch affirmation, and the making and fub-feribing of every fuch declaration, (hall be in fuch manner and place, and at fuch times and hours, and fuch entries made thereof, and for the lame fees, and under the fame penalties, as in the faid recited aft of the thirteenth year of his Majesty’s reign . are mentioned j and lifts of the perfons who (hall take the bei^-^ne^toV*	> flwll be tranfmitted to the commiffioncrs of trade

to be deemed natural bom fubjefts.

Lifts of per-

Digitized by

Google

1747^	Anno vicefimo GeoRGH 11. c. 44.	145

and plantations, in like manner, and under the fame penalties, tranfmitted to as lifts of the perfons taking the benefit of the faid aft are there- *hc comr®1f-by direfted to be tranfmitted.	trade!* °

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority afore-

faid9 That no perfon fhalJ be naturalized by virtue of this aft, Perfomto unle($ fuch perfor> (hall have received the facrament of the Lord’s qualify them-fupper, in fome proteftant or reformed congregation, within !clvc^b^tak* foraeofthe faid Colonies in America, within three months next mfnt/ acra* before his taking fuch affirmation, and making and fubfcribing fuch declaration, and (hall at the time of his taking fuch affir- certificateand mation and making and fubfcribing fuch declaration, produce a Cl)try thereof certificate, figned by the perfon adminiftering the faid facrament, to be made, and attefted by two credible witnefles, whereof an entry (hall be made in the fecretary’s office of the colony wherein fuch perfon (hallfoinhabit and rcfide, as alfo in the court where the faid affirmation (hall be f(*taken as aforefaid, withoutany fee or reward.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, ^ 1 Geb°s That the provifions contained in the faid aft, made in the thir- with regard *0 tecosh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, with regard to certi- certificates, ficatcsof refidence, and of having made and fubferibed the faid &c. extended dedmtion, and taken the faid affirmation, and as to fuch cer- to fuch foreign tificates being made evidence in the courts of Great Britain and pr0 e an Inland, and alfo in the faid colonies, and all other the benefits

of the faid aft, (hall extend to foreign proteftants, who confcien-tioufly fcruple the taking of an oath, and who (hall be qualified as aforefaid.

IV.	Provided always. That the faid foreign proteftants (hall Privilepsof enjoy the privileges of natural born fubjefts, and all the benefits

of this aft, and the faid aft of the thirteenth year of his Majef- fub,c ** c* ty’s reign.

V.	Provided always, and be it hereby further enafted. That Reftriftkm*. no perfon who (hall become a natural-born fubjeft of this king-

dom, by virtue of this aft, .(hall be of the privy council, or a member of either houfe of parliament, or capable of taking, having, or enjoying any office or place of truft within the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, either civil or military, or of having, accepting, or taking any grant from the crown to him-felf,or to any other in truft tor him, of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted by the Perfons exauthority aforefaid. That nothing in this aft, or in the faid re- cb?ded from cited aft of the thirteenth year of his Majesty’s reign contained, * ls or,3 ^co* Ihallextend, or be conftrued to extend to naturalize any perfon

or perfons whatfoever who by virtue of an aft made in the fourth year of his Majesty’s reign (intituled, An alt to explain a claufe in 4Geo.a.c.*i.# an all made in the /eventh year of the reign of her late maiejly Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign proteftants, which relates to the children of natural-born fubjefts of the crown of England, or of Great Britain) are declared and enafted not to be intitled to the benefit of the faid aft of the feventh year of her faid late Majefty’s Vol XIX.	L	reign

Digitized by Google

146	Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 45.	[1747.

reign, but that all fuch perfons (hall be and remain in the fame (late, plight, and condition, to all intents, conftruftions, and purpofes whatfoever, as they would have been in, if the faid recited a<5t of the thirteenth year of his Majesty’s reign, or this a<ft, had never been made ; any thing in this aor in the faid recited act of the thirteenth year of his Majesty’s reign contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XLV.

An at1 to continue fever al laws relating to the manufactures if fail-cloth and filk\ to give further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or control of clerks and apprentices, and for better fecuring the pep ment of the faid duties; and declaring that prize flops lawfully condemned Jhall be deemed. Britifh built Jbips\ and for allowing prize goods to be landed and fecurtdi* proper wareboufesy without payment of any duty, until it can be determined whether they are fit for exportation ct home confumption•

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned, which lavs ij experience been found ufeful and beneficial, are near expiring may it pleafe your Majefty that it may oe enadted ; and be k enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an a6t made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anrie^ intituled. An aft )'or tit 12Annie,c. 16. better encouragement of the making of fail-cloth in Great Britain;

which was to continue in foreje for feven years, and from thence j to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which cGeo. i.c. 25. was> ^ an a<^ made in the fifth year of his late Majefty’s reign, further continued for the term of feven years, and from thence I to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which, ioGeo.i.c.17. by another a<ft made in the tenth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, was further continued for the term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which, by another a<ft made in the eighth year of the SGeo.a.c 18. reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued unril the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffioo of parliament; and which, by another adl made m the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was.further continued i5Geo.a.c.35. untfl the grft 0f Junet 0ne thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of Continued to Parl‘ament> fhall be, and the fame is hereby further continued 1 June, 1754. ffom the expiration thereof until the firft day of Juney one thou-Farther conti- fand feven hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end madly 27 Geo. 0f the then next feflion of parliament.

* c. 1*.	H,

1747J Anno vicefimo Georgii II; 0.45*	147

II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefa’id, Claufes in That the feveral claufes contained in an a St made in the eighth *Geo.x.c.i5# year of the reign of his late Majefty, (intituled, ,An aft for encouragement of the filk manufaftures of this kingdom ; and for faking off feveral duties on merchandizes exported -r and for reducing 'he duty upon beaver-skins* pepper* mace* claves, and nutmegs* im-btrted; and for importation of all firs of the produft of the Britifh plantations into this kingdom only ; and that the two corporations of offurance* on any fuits brought on their policies* Jhall be liable only to fagle damages and cofts of fuit) relating to the encouragement of he filk manufactures of this kingdom, and for taking off feve->al duties on merchandizes exported, which were to continue in brce for three years, from the twenty fifth day of March* one houfand feven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to he end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which faid	•*.

daufes were, by an adt made in the eleventh year of his faid nGeo.i.c.aj# ate Majefty’s reign, continued from the expiration thereof for three years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefilon of parliament; and by another a dt made in the fecond year of his pre- aGeo.i. c.aS. lent Majefty’s reign, were further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty ninth day of September* one thoufand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then text feffion of parliament; and which, by another adt made in the tighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, were further continued SGeo.i. c*iS* intil the twenty fifth*day of March* one thoufand feven hundred indforty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion »f parliament; and which, by an adt made in the fifteenth year i5Ge°-*'c*35 >f the reign of his prefent Majefty, were further continued un-il the firft day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and forty even, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of .	,

nrliamcnt; flull be, and the fame arc hereby continued from , he expiration thereof until the faid firft day of June* one thou- Farther conti-and feven hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end nueJ by 16 f the then next feffion of parliament.	Gco- *• c- 3* •

M. And be it further enadted by thfe authority aforefaid, The two ja£ That the two laft claufes in an adt made in the ninth year of the claufes in eign of his late Majefty, for continuing fome laws, and reviv- 9 G^o. x. c. rag others therein mentioned, for more efifedlual preventingfrauds n mixing filks with fluffs to be exported, which faid claufes were iy an adt, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent dajefty, to continue in force from the twenty ninth day cf Sep-ember* one thoufand feven hundred and thirty four, and from hence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and vhicb, by another adt, made in the eighth year of the reign of us prefent Majefty, were further continued until the twenty ifth day of March* one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, tod from thence to the end of the- then next feffion of parlia-nent; and which by another adt made in the fifteenth year of he reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued until he firft day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and forty lc?en, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion pf-

L 2	par-

148	Anno	vicelimo	Georgii	II.	c.45.	£1747.

continued to parliament, (hall be, and are hereby further continued until j June, 1754. the faid firft day of June, one thoufand fcven hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffioa of parliament.

IV. And whereas by two feveral ads of parliament made and

8	Ann. c. 9. paJfid in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of her late majefty

9	Ann. c. 21. j9ueen Anne, certain rates and duties, to be under the management

of the commifftoners for the Jlamp duties, were charged and diredei to be levied or continued, for or in refped of monies given, paid* or contracted for, with clerks, apprentices, or fervants, to be paid at fach times, and in fuch manner, and under Juch penalties, as in and by the faid feveral ads are refpedively mentioned, expreffeA, and provided: and whereas by an ah made and pajfei in the eighteenth year of the reign of his rprefent Majejly, intituled, An a for sSGeo.i.c.ss. granting to his Majesty the fum of eight hundred thou&nd pounds out of the Jjnking fund, and for granting a fum remaining in the exchequer, arifen by the furplus.of the duties upoa malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contrads of clerks and apprentices; and for the further enforcing the payment of the find v	duties	;	after	taking	notice	of	the	faid	two former ads, and tbat

feveral per fins had, through negligence or inadvertency, omitted ta pay the feveral rates and duties payable in that behalf \ and to have At indentures or contracts Jlamped within the times, for thofe purpofes refpedively limited by the faid ads, whereby fuch clerks, apprentices, or fervants, and their mailers or mijlrejfes refpedively, had incurred, and might be fubjed to feveral penalties, forfeitures, and difabiUtw, it is therefore enaded, That upon payment of the feveral rates and duties fo omitted or negleded to be paid as aforefaid, on'or before the firjl day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, end tendering to be Jlamped fuch indentures or contrads Jo omitted tok Jlamped at the fame time, or at any time before the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five,the jam indentures or contrads Jhould be good and available in law and epeity, and might be given in evidence; and the clerks, apprentices, or fervants therein named, Jhould be capable of following and excreting their refpedive intended trades and employments, as fully as if the rates and duties fi omitted, had been duly paid within the refpedive times in the faid former ads limited and appointed, and the perfins who had incurred any penalties by the omijfxons aforefaid, upon pay* ment of fuch rates and duties as aforefaid, within the time thereby before limited, were thereby acquitted and difcharged from the find penalties: and it was thereby further enaded, That after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, if any majler or miflrefs Jlmld negleCl to pay the faid rates and duties for clerks, apprentices, or fervants, within the refpedive times, in and by the former ads limited and appointed in that behalf, according to the true intent and meaning of the fame, every fuch mafter

anl

Digitized by v^ooQie

1747-1 Anno vicefimo Grorgii II. c.45.	149

and mjfrefs Jbould, for every fuch negleft, forfeit and pay double ■ the rates and duties charged and direfted to be paid and levied by the (aid former able, or either of them (over and above all penalties and forfeitures thereby inflifted) for all monies which Jbould, at any lime or times, after the (aid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand [even hundred and forty five, be given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with, or in relation to every fuch clerh, apprentice, orfervant, to be recovered, paid, and applied, in fuch manner as is therein men-timed: and it was thereby further enabled. That if any majler or mijlrefs of any fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant rejpeftively, Jbould neglebt to pay the faid rates and duties fo charged by the faid former ads, or either of them, within the refpeftive times therein limited in that behalf, whereby the penalties and forfeitures incurred by the faid ad of toe eighteenth year of his prefent Mdjefy, would become charged upon, and be payable by them rejpeftively; and any fuch dark, apprentice, or fervant rejpeftively, Jbould in that cafe pay or umfe to be faid the rates and duties charged by the faid former afts9 or either of them, and alfo the penalties and forfeitures inflifted and incurred by the faid aft of the eighteenth year 'of his prefent Majefly, at onj time within one year after the fame Jbould fo rejpeftively become charged, incurred, and made payable by virtue of the fame aft\ as oferefaid (fuch majlers or miflrejjes not having then paid the faid rates, duties, penalties, and forfeitures rejpeftively, although' required by fuch clerk, apprentice. Or fervant fo to do) then, and in fuch cafe, it Jbould and might be lawful to and for any fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant, within three months after fuch payment of the fud rates, duties, penalties, and forfeitures rejpeftively by him, her, or them as aforefaid, to demand of his or her majler or mijlrefs, or bis, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, fitch fum or fums of money, as was or were paid to fuch majler or mijlrefs, for or in refpeQ of fuch clerkjhip, apprentice/hip, or fervitude; and in cafe fucb fitm or fums of money Jbould not be paid within three months after Jucb demand thereof made,• it Jhould and might be lawful to and for fucb clerk, apprentice, or fervant, to fue for and recover tbe Jaitk, with full cojls of fuit, againft fucb majler or mijlrefs, his, her, or their executors or administrators, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefly's courts of record at Weftminfter, wherein no ejfoin, proteftion, wager at law, or more than one imparlance, Jbould be allowed; and every fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant, Jhould and might, immediately after payment of fucb rates, duties, penalties, and forfeitures as aforefaid, be dif-charged from his, her, or their clerkjhip, apprenticejhip, and fervid refpeitivtiy, and from all a ft ions, penalties, forfeitures, and damages, for not ferving the time for which he, Jhe, or they were re-fpeftMy bound, contrafted for, or agreed to ferve fuch majler or mijhrefs rejpeftively : and it was thereby further enafted and declared, v That every flub clerk, apprentice, or fervant, Jhould avail him or herfelf, ana have fuel and the fame benefit and advantage qf the time he or Jhe Jbould rejpeftively have continued with, and ferved fuch jnefler. or mijlrefs rejpeftively, as he or Jhe could or might have done, m cafe of any alignment or turning over to any new or other

L 3	majler

lS°

.Anno vicefimo Georgii II.

c-4 5-	l>747‘

tfw/kr miftrefs: and whereas feveral mafters and miftrejfes eh JNU frequently negleft and omit to pay the faid feveral rates and duties payable in that behalf , whereby they have rendered tbemfehes and their refpellive clerks, apprentices, and fervants, fubjeft and liable te feveral penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities: now, for preventing Further time the faid inconveniencies, and for the better enforcing the payment of duties ment	ratcs	an<*	duties	f°r	future,	be	it	ena&cd

omitted to be by the authority aforefaid, That if any matter or miftrefs, who paid for the at any time heretofore (hall have neglected to pav the faid rates indentures of ancj duties for clerks, apprentices, or fervants, mall, on or bc-prTntices up- ^ore twcnty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hun-on payment of dred and forty feven, pay the double rates and duties, direded double duties, to be forfeited and paid by the faid all of the faid eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, unto the perfon or i perfons to whom the fame ought to be paid purfuant to theHune all, and (hall tender to be damped fuch indentures or contrails fo omitted to be damped, at the fame time, or at any time before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand /even hundred and forty feven ; then, and in fuch cafe, the fame indentures and contrails (hall be good and available in law and equity, and may be given in evidencejn any court whatfoever ; and the clerks, apprentices, or fervants therein named, (hall be capable of following and exercifing their refpellive intended trades or employments, as fully as if the rates and duties fo omitted, had been duly paid within the refpellive times in the laid former alls, or either of them, limited and appointed $ and all ^nd every perfon and perfons, who (hall have incurred any penalties by the omiffions aforefaid, upon payment of fuch double rates and duties as aforefaid, within the time before limited, are hereby acquitted and difeharged from the faid penalties; any double duties thing in the faid two former alls, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithttanding.

V. And it is hereby further enalled, That from and after the men” of Sou- twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ble duties and forty feven, if anv mailer or miftrefs, who, by reafon #f fuch tender of the neglell as aforefaid, (hall become liable to forfeit and pay the eontcafts to fajg double rates and duties as aforefaid, (hall refpellively pat withhTf years ^e	douMe rates and duties unto the perfon or perfons to

after the end whom the fame ought to be paid in purfuance of the (aid for-of the appren-mer alls, and alfo tender the indentures or contrails to be ticefhip, &c. (lamped at any time within two years after the end or determination of the apprenticelhip or iervice of any. fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant refpellively, and before any fuit or profocu-tion (hall have been commenced for recovering any of the penalties and forfeitures inflilled and incurred by the faid former alls, or any of them, then, and in fuch cafe, the indentures or contrails of fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant refpellively, (hill be gqpd and available in law and equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatfoeverj and the clerks, apprentices, or fervants therein named, (hall be capable of following and cx-creifing their refpellive intended trades or employopenjts, as folly

Penalties incurred by omiflions difeharged upon payment of

the contrails to be good, &c.

Digitized by i^ooQle

1747*] Anno vicefimo Georgii IL c.45.	151

1 as if the rates and duties fo omitted, had been duly paid with*

I in the refpedtive times in the faid former a<5ts, or any of them,

! limited or appointed; and all and every perfon and perfons, Penalties in-who (hall have incurred any penalties by the omiflions afore- curjJrd/°dT ! faid, upon payment of fuch double rates and duties as aforefaid, chargeTupon within the reipedtives times herein laft before limited in that be- payment of half, (hall be, and they are hereby acquitted and difeharged of double duties, and from the faid penalties and forfeitures; any thing in the faid former ails, or any of them, contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

VI.	And it is hereby further enabled. That if any matter or Apprentices, miftrefs (hall, by realon of any fuch negledt as aforefaid, be-come liable to forfeit and pay fuch double rates and duties as duticf forfeit-afore&id, and any fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant refpedively, cd by their (hall and do, at any time after fuch forfeiture incurred, either mailers, &c. in the prefence of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or by writing under the hand of fnch clerk, apprentice, or fervant refpeSively, figned in the prefence of one or more credible wit-nefcor witnefles, require his or her tnafter or miftrefs refpec-tirdy to pay the faid double rates or duties fo incurred as afore-(aid, and fuch matter or miftrefs (hail not, withip three months after fuch requeft, pay the fame, and any fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant (hall, at any time within two years after the , determination of his clerkfhip, apprenticefhip, or fervitude, pay the faid double rates and duties fo forfeited and incurred, and not paid by his or her matter or miftrefs refpeeftively as aforefaid, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant, within three months after uich payment of the faid double rates and duties by him, her, or them, as aforefaid, to demand of his or her matter or to be reim-mhtrefe, or his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, double buried double the fum or fums of money, or other confideration refpedtively ?he A?111* Pal4 given, paid, and agreed, or contra<£ted to be paid to fuch matter ™rgn. or miftrefs, for or in refpe£t of fuch clerkftrip, apprentfcettiip, ticelhip, &c. or fervitude 5 and in cafe fuch fum or fums of money (hall not be oaid within three months after fuch demand thereof made, it (nail and may be lawful to and for any fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant, to fue for and recover the fame, with full cofts of witfa cofts 5 fair, againft fuch matter or miftrefs, his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at fVe/lminJler, wherein no euoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and every fuch clerk, appren- an(j rice, or fervant, fo paying fuch double rates or duties as afore- charged irom faid, (hall and may, immediately after payment thereof refpec- their appren-tively, and upon fignifying, by writing under his or her hand, JcQ^ire it •lCy that he or (he defires to be difeharged from his, her, or their r *	*

derklhip, apprentice (hip, and fervice refpedtively, (halj be accordingly difeharged from the fame refpedtively, and from all aftions, penalties, forfeitures, and damages, for not ferving the time foe which he, (he, or they were rcfpedtively. bound,

L 4	contracted

Digitized by Google

i5i	Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 45.	[1-747.

contracted for, or agreed to ferve fuch mafter or miftrefs rcfpcc-tively.

and to have VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed and the fame be- declared. That every fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant, (hall

fervice agTf ava^	0r kerfelf, aru* ^avc	an^	^amc Benefit aIKl

they^adVeen advantage of the time he or (he (hall refpedtively have continued turned over, with and ferved fuch mafter or miftrefs refpe&ivcly, as he or (he could or might have done, in cafe of any affignment or turning over to any new or other mafter or miftrefs.

VIII.	Provided always. That in cafe where any profecution (hall be commenced againft any mafter or miftrefs, for recovering any of the penalties and forfeitures infli&ed and incurred by the faid former a<Sts, or any of them, the derk, apprentice, or fervant of fuch mafter or miftrefs refpetftively (hall pay fuch double rates and duties, at any time within two years after the end of his, her, or their clerk/hip, apprenticefhip, or fervitude, and every fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant refpeftively, (bal/, upon payment of fuch double rates and duties as aforefeid, be to be qualified capable and qualified to follow and exercife his, her, and their t0 ^ollo'J ^thc*r refpedtive trades and employments ; and the indentures or con-trades, &c. tracts of fuch clerk, apprentice, and fervant refpe&ively, (hall be good and available in law and equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatfoever; any thing in this or the faid former a<Sts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

Prize (hips to IX. And whereas it is reafonable and fit, that prize Jhips or vef-be deemed as Jels^ lawfully condemned, Jhould be deemed as Britifh built /hips or Bntiih built. veJJ:ls, to all intents and purpofes, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all prize (hips or veflels, which have been at any time, or (hall be legally condemned, (h&U, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, be confidered as Britijh built (hips or veffels, and be deemed and taken as fuch, and (hall be intitled to have and enjoy all and every the fame rights, liberties, privileges, and advantages in all refbedts whatfoever | with Britijh built (hips or veflfels, and (hall be lubjeft and liable to all and every the rules and regulations* that Britijh built (hips or veftels arc fubjelt and liable to; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

X. And whereas his Maiefly's Jhips of war and privateers have, during the prefent war againjt France and Spain, taken divers goods and merchandizes from his Majejlys enemies, which have\ with the privity and approbation of the commiJfionerSy or other proper officers of the cuftoms or excifey been landed and depofited in warehoufes tender his Majefly's locks, in order to be examined to afeertain toe particulars and natures of fuch goods, and fundry parts whereof having upon fuch examination, been found unfit for the confumption of this kingdom, and mofi proper to be exported to foreign parts, have been declared by the captors for exportation, and in order thereto, been cm-tinned in fuch warehoufes^ under the care and infpeftion of the officers of the cuftoms or excife; and whereas Come doubts have arifen, whether the [aid goods can be re-exported by any others but the captors,

or

Apprentices paying ihe double rates where profe-cutions are commenced againit their mailers,

Digitized by v^ooQle

174?*] Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 45;

or in other Jbips than thofe in which they were taken and imported, or without firft being entered, and paying the duties of cujiom of ex-cifefor the fame 5 and which in feveral injlances amounting to more than the profit that can be made by the captors of fuch goods, would deprive them of the whole benefit thereof; and in many injlances, the re-exporting fuch prize goods by the captors themfehues, m the /hips in which they are taken and imported, would be impofjible; goods taken in neutral Jbips, being often condemned where the Jhip is difcbarged, and would in mojl cafes be impracticable^ as the goods declared for exportation are never any thing near a fufficient cargoe to lade a Jhip to a foreign market, and the captors not being merchants, but feamen, have no houfes abroad, and are wholly unacquainted with tranfaCtions of this nature; for remedy of which inconveniency, and for the further encouraging the making captures from the enemy, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all goods and Prize roods merchandize that have been, or (hall, during the continuance landed, and of the prefent war with France or Spain, be taken from his Ma-	war°"

jetty’s enemies, and landed from on board of any {hip or vefTel, many port within the kingdom of Great Britain, and put into warehoufes provided, or to be provided, at the foie expence of the captors, with the privity and approbation of the commiffi-oners, or other officers of the refpe&ive duties of cuftoms or excife, to which fuch goods or merchandize are liable, and under the King’s locks, in order to be examined, to afeertain the

Collars and nature of fuch goods and merchandize, and that or fhall, from the landing thereof, continue and remain in fuch warehoufes, under the care and infpedtion of the com-miffioners, or other officers of the refpe&ive duties of cuftoms or excife, to which fuch goods or merchandize are liable; and u that within the fpace of three months after the landing thereof,^ of the have been, or (hall be declared by or on the behalf of the cap- captors, of tors, to the faid commiffioners or officers of the refpedlive du- their intention ties of cuftom or excife, to which fuch goods or merchandize [{Jem ^ are liable, to have been, or to be intended to be re-thipped to	*

foreign parts, (hall, and may, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, be exported dircdfly from fuch warehoufes to may be ex-foreign parts, in any (hip or (hips belonging to his Majesty’s ported with-fubjedts, either by the captor or captors of luch goods 01 mer- <>ut paying chandizes, or by any other perfon or perfons to whom the cap-	c	u

tor or captors have under luch declaration for exportation as f/g# * ** aforefaid, fold or difpofed of the fame, or (hall or may fell or difpofe of the fame, for exportation as aforefaid, without paying any duty of cuftom or excife for the fame, the perfon or perfons Exporter to exporting the fame, giving fufficient fecurity before the (hipping give fecurity* thereof, that the goods and merchandize that (hall be intended . by him or them to be exported, as aforefaid, or any part thereof, (hall not be re-landed or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain; which fecurity the cuftomer or collector of the port where the fame is intended to be exported, thereby direded and authorized to take in his Majesty’s name, and to his Majesty’s ufc.

'	CAP,

Digitized by Google

154	Anno	vicefimo	Geor6ii	II.	c. 46.	[	1747.

CAP. XLVI.

An alt to prevent the return of fuch rebels and traitors eon-cerned in the late rebellion, as have been, or Jball be pardoned on condition of tranfportation; and alfo to binder their going into the enemies country.

WHEREAS, during the time of the late wicked and unnatural rebellion, and fence, a great number of perfons who bad taken up arms, or were otherwife engaged in the faid rebellion, wert by his Majefey's great vigilance and care apprehendedy feveral ef whom have been tried and conviBed of the faid treafensy and manj confcious of theirguilt, have by their petit ion, implored his Afajefeyi mercy y upon condition^ of their being tranfported to feme of the Bntiih colonies and plantations in America ; and tvhtreas his Majesty out his great clemency hath been mojl gracsoujly pleafed to grant his royal pardon to feveral of them as well thofe who were fa tried and cm-viBedy as thofe who by their petitions have acknowledged their guilty and implored his Majefefs mercy as aforefaidy and others may hereafter be pardoned on the like application and condition: and whereas :	it is thought expedient for the publick fafetyy that all proper means

Jhould be taken to prevent their returning from the faid colonies or • plantationSy or going to his Majefeys enemies; be it ena<5ied by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, Rebels return- That if any perfon or perfons to whom his Majesty has, or fhaU ing from hereafter grant his moft gracious pardon for the faid treafons, wkhouTlf-1011 or any	on	condition	of their being tranfported to fomc

cence,	of the Britijh colonies or plantations in Americay lhall, without

the licence of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, under his or their privy feal or lign manual for that purpofe, or fome other lawful caufe, return, or come into, or be at large, in any pan TOinginto ^ Great Britain or Ireland, or voluntarily go into, or continue f?ance or	m anY Part the dominions of the French King, or the King

Spain,	of Spainy in Europe, Americay or elfcwhere, he, (he, or they fo

returning, or coming into, or being in any part of Great Britan or lrelandy as aforefaid, or who (hall voluntarily go into, or continue in any part of the dominions of the French King, or King r	of Spainy (hall not only have no benefit of fuch pardon, but

irithout cler-	(hall guilty °£ felony, and (hall fuffer death, and forfeit as in

gy.	cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any perfon or perfons whatfoever, (hall knowingly aid Aiders of per- or aflift any fuch perfon or perfons fo pardoned, or to be par-fona return- doned, on condition of tranfportation, as aforefaid, in his, her, or their unlawful returning, or coming into, or becoming or being at large in Great Britain or lrelandy or in going into, ex continuing in any of the dominions of the French King, or the King of Spain9 without fuch licence, or other lawful caufe, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall be guilty of felony, and

fuffer

Digitized by v^ooQle

1747*1 Anno vice£mo Geokgii II. c. 46.

*5$

fuller death, and forfeit as in cafes of felony, without benefit of to fufferdeath* clergy.

In. And in* cafe any perfon or perfon& fo pardoned, or to be pardoned, as aforefaid, (hall unlawfully go into, or continue in any of the dominions of the French King, or the King of Spain, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in fuch Subjefts hold-cafe, if any of the fubjefts of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors ing corref-(except fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be licenfed for that pur- pondencewith pofe by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, under his or their fign manual or privy feal) (hall within this realm, or without, 0r Spain, knowingly hold, entertain, or keep, any intelligence or corre-fpondence in perfon, or by letters, meflages, or otherwife, with any of the faid perfons who (hall have fo gone into, or continued in any of the dominions of the French King, or the King of Spain, or with any perfon or perfons employed by him, her,°f Pc”°”8cm* or them, knowing fuch perfon or perfons to be fo employed,	y

fuch perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convifted, (hall * be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death, and forfeit ^fufferdeath, as in cafes of felony, Without benefit of clergy.

IVi And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That offences all offences made felony by this aft, (hall and may be enquired where to be of, examined, tried, ana determined in the court or King’s Bench,tricd* in that part of Great Britain called England, or in the high court of judiciary in that part of Great Britain called Scotland refpeftively, or in any county of this realm, in fuch manner and form, as if the faft had Deen therein committed, or within any of the Britijh colonies or plantations in America, within which any fuch offence (hall be committed, or in any county of Inland, in cafe any fuch offence (hall be committed within that kingdom.

V. And in order that all perfons in the colonies or plantations, to which the faid offenders (hall be tranfported, may have notice of the perfons who are or (hall be fo pardoned and tranfported, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That within the fpace of one week after any of the faid perfons (hall Commander be tranfported or brought to any fuch colonies or plantations, of (hip to de-the naval officer, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, at theK^withma port whither they (hall be brought, (hall have and receive from of the the mafter or commander of the (hip in which they (hall be tranfported,to brought, a true lift, (igned by fuch officer or commander, of the naval the names and additions of the perfons fo tranfported; which officcr-lift (hall be hung, or fet up in the publick cuftom-houfe of fuch Lifttobehung port, there to be feen, read, and copied by all perfons, without Up in the cu-any fee or reward ; and in cafe the fame (hall be defaced, taken ftom houfe. away, or loft, a new lift (hall, from time to time, be immediately fet and kept up by fuch naval or other principal officer; and if fuch mafter or commander (hall, after this aft (hall be publirtied in any fuch colony or plantation, refufe or negleft to give fuch lift, or if the faid naval or other officer (hall refufe or negleft to put or keep up the fame as above direfted, or if any pcrfons perfon (hall voluntarily deface or take away the fame, being fo fending,

6	put

Digitized by Google

156	Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 47.	[1747.

put up, kept, or renewed, or any lift put up in fuch cuftom-houfe of rebels tranfported, every perlon fo offending, lhall to forfeit 501. forfeit the fum of fifty pounds fterling for every fuch offence; Diltributionof which one moiety (nail belong to his Majesty, his heirs and the forfei - fucceffors, and the other moiety to fuch, perfon or perfons who turn.	fhall fue for the fame, in the colony or plantation where the

offence (hall be committed, or in the court ,of King*5 Bench in England, or of judiciary in Scotland, in cafe the offender lhall be found in England or Scotland.

Indiaments to ^1. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no be within % perfon or perfons whatfoever, lhall be convi&ed of any offence years after the or crime made felony by this adt, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons offence. (hall be indi&ed for fuch offence or crime, within two years next after the committing thereof.

CAP. XLVII.

An aft to continue feveral laws for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and firft compofed or written and printed in Great Britain •, for preventing evasions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river of Thames weftward, and for afeertaining the rates of water carriage upon the faid river; and for the better fecu-ring the lawful trade of his Majesty*s fubjefts to and from the Eaft Indies; and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty*s fubjefts trading thither under foreign commifftons\ and relating to rice> to frauds in the cuftoms, to the clandeftine running of goods, and to copper ore of the Britilh plantations; and for the free importation of cochineal and indico \ and for punifhment of perfons deftroying turnpikes, or locks, or other works ereS-ed by authority of parliament.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned (which have by experience been found ufeful and beneficial) are near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your. Majefty, that it may be ena&ed; and be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and ; with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of an aft made in the is*Geo. *. c. twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty (intituled. An 36 for prohi- aft for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and biting the im -firft compofed or written and printed in Great Britain j and for re-pealing fo much of an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of her 00 $, c.	jnajejiy	Hpueen Anne, as impowers the limiting the prices of

books) as relates to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and firft compofed or written and printed in Great Britain; which was to continue in force from the twenty continued till ninth day of September, one thonfand feven hundred and thirty »9 Sept. 1754.. njnc> for anj during the fpace of feven years, and from thence twrtber com- tQ ^4 0f the then next feffion of parliament j lhall be, and ✓	the

1747*3 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 47«	'	157

the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof mudbytyGco* until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven*’c*,8* hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end of the then next fellion of parliament,

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That iGeo.a. c. if. an ad made in the third year of the reign of his prefent Ma- *or preventing jefty, intituled, An aft for reviving and amending an aft made in the occupier* the fixtb and feventh yean of the reign of his late majejly King Wil- of locks and liam the Third, intituled, An aft to prevent exaftions of the oc- wears upon cupiers of locks and wears upon the river of Thames weftward,thc Thames, and for afeertaining the rates of water carriage upon the faid * ^

river; which was to continue in force from the firft day of May»	#	3

one thouiand feven hundred and thirty, for the term of nine years, and from thence to the end or the then next feflion of parliament; and which, by another aft made in the thirteenth I3 Geo. a. year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for continuing feveral c. 8. laws therein mentioned, was further continued from the expiration thereof until the firft day of June, which (hall be in the Continued till year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, * June, 1749. (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the^xp* expiration thereof until the firft day Of June? one thoufand fe- c* *♦ Geo*u ven hundred and forty nine.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, 5Geo.*.c. 19.

That an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent for fecuring Majefty, intituled. An aft for reviving an aft made in the fifth the trade to year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firfi, intituled,	In~

An aft for the better fecuring the lawful trade of his Majesty’s ^Geo.!. c.ti* fubjefts to and from the Eaft Indies, and for the more effeftual * preventing all his Majesty’s fubjefts trading thither under foreign commiffions; which was to continue in force from the firft day

of May, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty twb, for the term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next I3Gco.i.c if. feflion of parliament; and which was, by an aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for continuing feveral laws therein mentioned, further continued from the expiration thereof till the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven; (hall be, arid the fame is here- Continued till by further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty *5 March, fifth day of Marche one thoufand feven hundred and eighty.

IV.	And be if further enafted by the authority aforefaid, *Geo. 1 c.*t. That an aft made in the third year of the reign of his prefent tor importing Majefty, intituled. An aft for granting liberty to carry rice from ^aJ^lina^Sc. his Majefifs province of Carolina in America, direftly to any partCaro na^

of Europe, Jouthward of Cape Finifterre, in jhips built in and

belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to law; which

was to be in force for five years, from the twenty ninth day of

September, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty, and from

thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament; and alfo an

aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, 8 Geo. *c. 19.

to continue the faid aft, from the expiration thereof, until the

twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred

and

Digitized by Google

153	•	Anno	vicefimo Georgii II. c. 47.	[ 1747.

and forty two, and from thenee to the end of the then next fef-lion of parliament, and to extend that liberty to his Majesty’s province of Georgia in America (which faid ads were by an ad made in the fifteenth and fixteenth year of the reign of his pre-)5Geo.2.c.33» fentMajefty, continued, from the expiration thereof, until the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feilion or parlia-Continued till ment) (hall be, and the fame are hereby further continued, from 2 June, 1754* the expiration thereof, until the firft day of June, one thoufand “ c?!?lrk feven hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end of the *en next feffion of parliament.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Claufesin That the feveral claufes in an ad made in the fifth year of the for preventing rc*Sn his late Majefty, intituled. An at1 again/l clandejiine run-running of 6 ning of uncuftomed goods, and for the more effectual preventing goods, &c.	of frauds relating to the cuftoms, relating to fuch foreign goods,

wares, and merchandizes, as (hall be taken in at fea, out of any (hip or veflel, in order to be landed, or put into any other (hip, veflel, or boat; and alfo relating to goods not reported, and found after clearing (hips; and whereby further remedies are provided againft re-landing goods, prohibited to be worn in this kingdom, and foreign goods (hipped out for parts beyond the feas; and alfo relating to the opening or altering the package of goods, on board (hips out ward bound ; and alfo relating to hovering (hips or veflels of the burthen of fifty tons, or under; and alfo concerning the bales or package in which coffee (hall be exported; and alfo relating to rum imported in cafks or vef-fels, not containing twenty gallons at the lead ; and alfo relating to certificate goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland; which (aid feveral claufes were to have continuance for the term of three years, from the feveral times of the commencement thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of 9 Geo. i. c. S. parliament refpedtively; and by another adt parted in the ninth year of his faid late Majeft/s reign, were continued, from the expiration of the feveral and refpedtive terms therein mentioned, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of sGeo.2. c.it. t*ien next	of parliament; and which faid claufes by

an adbmade in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, were further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; SGeo.t.c.u. ancj which faid claufes by another adt made in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, were further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and from thence to i5G«*.2.c.33. the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which faid Continued till claufes by another adt made in the fifteenth and fixteenth year of *	*754-	the reign of his prefent Majefty, were further continued, from

wudby2?Geo/the expiration thereof, until the firft day of Juney one thoufand a. c. i*. feven hundred and forty feven, and from thence to the end of tbc then next feffion of parliament! (hall be, and are hereby further

con-

il

Digitized by

Google

1747.] Anno vicefimof Georg ii, II. 0. 47.'	i$$

continued from the expiration thereof, until the faid firft day of JurUy one thoufand feven hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforeiaid,

That an adt made in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled, An at1 to prevent the clandeftine running of running of * goods, and the danger of infection thereby \ and to prevent Jbips goods, &c. breaking their quarentine ; and to fubjeft copper ore, of the production of the Britifti plantations, to fuch regulations, as other enumerated commodities of the like production are fubjeft; which was to be in force for two years, from the twenty fifth day of March,	’

one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; which adt (except the claufe obliging all (hips or veflels to perform quarentine) was by an*dt made in the eleventh year of his late Maje- nGeo.F.c.29. fly’s reign, further continued, from the expiration thereof, for three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which by another adt (except the claufe o-bliging all (hips or veflels to perform quarentine) made in the fecondyear of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further con- 1 e0't#c’1 * tinued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty four, and froth thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which adt (except the claufe obliging all (hips or veflels to perform quarentine) was bv another adt made in the eighth year 8Geo a. c.*i. of the reign of his prefent Majefty, further continued* from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament j and which faid adt (except fo much of the fame adt as relates to (hips or veflels performing quarentine) was by another adt made in the fifteenth p and fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, further 15 eo 2-c,3*% continued, from the expiration thereof, until the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion or parliament, (hall Continued till be (except fo much of the fame adt as relates to (hips or veflels J	,747'

performing quarentine) and the fame is hereby further continued **	** c#

from the expiration thereof, until the faid firft day of June, onz Farther conti-thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and from thence to the nuedby %7Gto. end of the then next feflion of parliament.	2* c*l8#

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, 7Geo.*.c.iS. That an adt made in the feventh year of the reign of his pre- for the free fent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the revival of an aft made in importing of the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George theand Firfty intituledy An adt for the free importation of cochineal I3Geo.i.c.»5. during the time therein limited, and alfo for the free importation ofindico; which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty four, for the term of (even years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of, parliament 5 and which, by another adt made in I+Gco.i.c,34.. thefourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further

con-.

Digitized by v^ooQle

iSo	Anno ,vkefimo Georgii II. c.48,49.	£1747.

continued from the expiration thereof, until the firft day of Continued till June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and from 1 June 1754, thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, lhall MuedfoZ°nttm ^ an^ *s re^y further continued from the expiration thereof, Gco.t^c. 18. untI* t*le	d*y	°f	Jun** one thoufand feven hundred and

*	‘ fifty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion

of parliament.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That an adt made in the fifth year of the reign of nis prefent sGeo.i. c.33. Majefty, intituled, An aft to explain, amend\ and render mere cf-who* feaual an aft paJJ*d in the firft year of bis prefent Majefty's reign, wall pull down intituled. An adt for punifning fuch perfons as (hall wilfully and turnpikes, &c. malicioufly pull down and deftroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks, or other works eredted by authority of parliament for making rivers navigable; and alfo an adt made in the t Geo. a.c. 20. eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An*8 for rendering the laws more effectual, for punifhing fuch per fens ns Jhall wilfully and malicioufly pull down or deftroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks or other works erefted by aft of parliament for making rivers navigable; and for other purpofes therein mentioned; i5Geo.i.c.33. which (aid adts expired, and were afterwards, by an adt made in the fifteenth and fixteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, revived, and were to be in force for the purpofes therein mcn-Coittinued tilltioned, from the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred 17 and forty two, until the firft day of June, one thoufand feven Geo? aT hundred and forty feven, (hall be and are hereby further continued c. 16.	*	from the expiration thereof, until the faid firft day of June, one

thoufand feven hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

CAP. XLVIII.

An aft to indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and promotions within the time limited by law$ and for allotting further time for that purpofe. EXP.

Ttme given to i Dec, 1747*

CAP.XUX.

An aft for declaring valid fuch afts as have been done by Thomas Paulin, as one of the principal land coal-meters of the city and liberty of Weftminfter, between the twenty ninth day of September laft and the eighth day of November following. '

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament pafftd the laft , intituled, An adt more effectually to prevent the frauds and i9Geo.s.c.j5- abufes committed in the admeafurement of coals within the city and liberty of JVeftminJler, and that part of the dutchy of tafter adjoining thereto, and the feveral parifhes of Saint Giles a the Fields, Saint Mary leBon,and fuch part of the parilh of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlefex, it was amtugl! fiber thingstenabled. That from and after the twenty fourth day if

Sep-

*7470 Anno vicefimo GeoRgii II. C.49.	161

September, one thoufand /even hundred and forty fix, there Jhould be and continue within the city an4 liberty of Weftminfter, one public k office, which Jball be called by the name of The land coal-meters office for the city and liberty of Jyejlminjler: which faid office Jhould, from time to time be managed by two perfonsy to be nominated and appointed , by bis Majejly, his heirs and fucccjfors; which faid two perfons fo to be nominated and appointed, Jhould be called and known by the name of The principal land coal-meters for the city and liberty of IVeftminJler; and it was further enabled by the faid ably That no perfon or perfons Jhould be capable of a filing as one of the principal land coal-meters, until he or they Jhould take an oath for the true and faithful execution of the office of one of the principal land coal-meters for the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and other places aforefaidy as in and by the faid afil is declared : and it was further enabledThat it Jhould be lawful to and for the faid principal land coal-meter Sy or any one or more of therriy to appoint a number of per Jons to be labouring coal-meters within the faid city and liberty of Weftminfter, and other places aforefaidy to be Jlationedby the principal land coal-meters9 at the feveral places and times in the faid abl for that purpoje mentionedy to meafure out coalsy which Jhally from time to time9 be fold at any of the wharfs or warehoufes where Jucb labouring coal-meters Jball be fo Jlationed: and it was further cnabfedy That no perfon or perfons Jhould be capable of abling as one of the labouring coal-meters, to be appointed as aforefaidy until he or they Jhould take an oath for the true and lawful execution of the office of one of the labouring coal-meters for the faid city and liberty of Weftminfter, and other places aforefaidy as in and by the faid afil is exprcjfed and declared: and whereas his Majejly, on or before the eighteenth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty Jlxy did appoint Thomas Paulin merchanty and William Arnold ff/bmengery to be principal coal meters for the city and liberty of Weftminfter aforefaidy and afterwardsy by his grant or letters patent, under the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date the eighth day of November, one tnoufand feven hundred and forty fixy reciting the faid afil of parliament herein before recitedy did grant unto .

Thomas Paulin and William Arnold the faid coal-meters office for the city and liberty	Weftminfter, to have and to hold the faid office

unto ihetn the faid Thomas Paulin and William Arnold jointly and fever ally y together with all powerj,privileges, advantages, and emoluments thereunto belonging, and as are granted in and by thefaid recited afil of parliamenty for and during bis Majejly*s royal will andpleafure: and whereas the Jaid Thomas Paulin, foon after his being nominated and appointed by his Majejly to be one of the principal land coal-meters for the city and liberty of Weftminfter aforefaidy to wit, the twenty fixth day of Septen&ber, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix (which was before his Majejly s grant had paffed the great fcal) took the oath required by the Jaid afil of parliament,for the true execution of the faid office \ and upon the twenty ninth day of the faid month of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fixy entered upon the faid office, and put the faid afil of parliament in executiony as one of the principal land coal-meters for the faid city and liberty of Weftminfter: and whereas it may be doubted, whe-Vol« XIX.	M	thtr

Digitized by Google '

i6z	Anno	vicefimo Georgia II. c. 50.	[*747-

thcr the aBs done by the faid Thomas Paulin, between the fend twenty ninth day of September and the faid eighth day of November (on which lajt mentioned day bis Majefty's Jaid letters patent bear date) can be juftified by the Jlrift rules of the common law; therefore, for obviating the faid doubt, be it enadted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the,authority of the fame. That A&$ done by all and every adV, matter, or thing, done or committed by the Mr. Paulin as faid Thomas Paulin, as one of the principal land coal-meters of principal the city and liberty of JVejlmirifler, between the faid twenty between^ n*nth aay September and the (aid eighth day of November fol-Sept. and*8 lowing, according to the purport of the faid adt, In his duty and Nov. 1746. office of a principal land coal-meter of the faid city and liberty declared valid. 0f JVeJlminJler, (hall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be good and valid adts; and all adtions, fuits, profecutions, and moleftations whatfoever, if any there be againft the faid Thomas Paulin, for or by reafon of any fuch adl, matter, or thing by him done as aforefaid, are and (hall be difeharged and made void by this prefent adt; and if any adtion or fuit hereby difeharged, or intended to be difeharged, mall be commenced or profecuted. General iflue. the faid Thomas Paulin may plead the general iflue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer dif-continuance, or if a verdidt pafs againft him, the faid Thoms Double cofts. PttuUn (hall recover his double cofts, for which he (hall have the like remedy as in cafes where cofts by law are given to de- I fendants.

CAP. L.

An aft for taking away the tenure of ward bolding in Scotland, and for converting the fame into blanch and feu holdings \ and for regulating the cafualty of non-entry in certain cafes ; and for taking away the cafualties offtngk and life-rent efcheats, incurred there by horning and denunciation for civil caufes *, and for giving to heirs and fine-ceffors there a fummary procefs againft fuperiors; and for difebarging the attendance of vajfals at bead courts there ; and for afeertaining the fervices of tenants tbere\ and for allowing heirs of tailzie there to fell lands to the crown for erefting buildings, and making fettlements in the highlands.

WHEREAS it hath been found by experience, that the tenure of lands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, kj ward holding, and the confequences of the fa>ne, being the cafualties of ward marriage and recognition, have been much more burthenfsm, grievous, and prejudicial to the vajfals proprietors of the lands held by that tenure, than they have been beneficial to the fiupfriors; be it therefore enadled by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

and

Digitized by

1747*1 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 50.	163

and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the tenure of lands or heretages in Tenure of Scotland by ward holding, whether fimple or taxed ward, and WJfrd holding the cafualries confequent upon the fame by ward marriage and taking away * recognition, be taken away and difcharged, and they are hereby taken away and difcharged, from and after the twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight; any law, ftatute, cuftom, or ufage to the con- . traiy hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it enadled, That all tenures of any lands or he- converted into retages in Scotland, that are now held, or liable to be held of his blanch hold-Majefty' by ward holding, whether fimple or taxed ward, are in&*

hereby enabled to be turned into blanch holding, for payment of one penny Scots at the feaft or term of Whitfunday yearly, ft petatur tantum, and as often as fuch lands or heretages (hall fall in non-entry, the fame fhall be no longer fubjecff or liable to the annual payment of the new extent or retour duty of fuch lands or heretages, but inftead thereof fhall be fubjed and liable to the annual payment of the fum of one pound Scotsy for every one hundred pounds Scots y of the valued rent of fuch lands or heretages, according to which they are now liable to pay their refpec-tive proportions of his Majesty’s cefs or land tax $ and fo propor-tionably for any lefler quantity than one hundred pounds Scots valuation.	*

III.	And in order to afcertain the Quantum of fuch non-en- For regulating try duty, it is hereby cna&ed, That from and after the faid twen- thecaiualty of ty fifth day of Marchy in all fervices upon the brief of mortan- non-entry, ceftry of any heir or heirs in fuch lands or heretages as aforefaid,

the retour, over and above the fetting forth the old and new extent of the lands, in fuch manner as hath been heretofore pra&ifed, fhall further fet forth and exprefs the valuation of fuch lands and heretages as aforefaid, and the proportion above mentioned of fuch valuation, and no more fhall be the non-entry duty of fuch lands or heretages, preceding the citation in the general declarator of non-entry.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That all tenures of any lands Tenure of

or heretages in Scotland, that are now held, or liable to be held holding ward of any fubjedt fuperior, whether fimple or taxed ward, are ^5^°* hereby ena&ed to be turned into feu holding, for payment of a int0 Jeu certain rent or feu duty in money, victual, cattle, or othcrwife, holding, yearly, in place of the faid cafualties of ward holding hereby dif-charged, and of all fervices, and fhall be fo conftrued, adjudged, and deemed to be, from the faid twenty fifth day of Marchy and for over thereafter.

V.	And in order to afcertain the Quantum of the feu duty to Court of fcf-be paid yearly, after the faid twenty fifth day of March, by r‘jn t0 Ietlle the tenants or vaffals of the faid lands and heretages heretofore the reco,lw held ward to theTuperiors thereof, be it further enn&ed by the pcmc* authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the court

of feffion in Scotland, and they are hereby impowered and required to take into their confideration, the difference in value to	$

the vallate of the change of their holdings or tenures from ward

M 2	to

Digitized by Google

164	Anno	vicefimo	GeorgiiIL	c. 50.	[*747*

to feu hereby enacted, and what conftant annual rent or feu duty, payable to the fuperior, will be a reafonable fatisfa&ion or recompence for that value or difference, and thereupon to make and publifh an a<5t of Sederunt, which (hall be in force, and ob-ferved by all the fubje&s in that part of the kingdom, unlefs or until the fame (hall be altered by a future a£fc of parliament; and -dP“an accorc**ng t0 ru^s prefcribed in fuch adt of Sederunt, it (hall run/t	and may be lawful for all and every the fuperiors and vaffals, or

parties interefted, to fettle and adjuft betwixt themfelvcs thefea duties to be hereafter payable in place of the tenures hereby a-d?fferenceTinC kolifhed or a^terec^ ; and in cafe of difference arifing, it (hall and a fummary may be lawful fbf the faid court of feffion, upon application way.	made to them, by bill or petition, on behalf of or by any fubjed

fuperior of fuch lands or heretapes, or by the vaffals or proprietors thereof, fummarily to determine the Quantum of the faid annual feu duty, fuch as the court (hall judge to be a reafonable and equitable recompence to the fuperior, for the change of the holding hereby enacted, after having heard both parties, or fmn-moned the party called as defender, upon twenty one days notice ; and whatever annual payment the faid court of fellion (hall fo modify, (hall be the feu duty payable for fuch land* and he-retages as aforefaid, to the refpedHve fuperiors thereof, and all and lingular their heirs and fucceffors, and that yearly at IPbit-funday, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, when the change of holding is hereby enabled to take place, in the fame manner as if feu charters had been granted of that date to the refpedHve vaffals upon their refignation, containing fuch change of holding, for payment of the annual feu duties fo to be modified.

Vaffals not to ^1. Provided always. That until fuch modification (hall be forfeit for feu made by the court of feffion, the vaffal (hall not be liable to induties till mo-cur any forfeiture or irritancy for non-payment of the feu du-dification	ties; and fuch modification being made, mall be inferted as the

made.	feu juty payab]e for fuch lands or heretages in the future reno-

vations of the infeftments thereof, by the prefent vaffals, their heirs or fucceffors.

VII.	Provided alfo. That in every cafe where the whole lands Life-rented	or eftate fo held ward, on the faia twenty fifth day of M&nk

ettates exone- (hall then Hand provided in life-rent to any perfon or perfons, rated.	in fuch manner as by the laws of Scotland now in being, would

be exclufive of the cafualty of ward, fuch life-renter or life-renters during the continuance of his, her, or their rights refpec-tively, (hall not be fubjeeft to pay the annual feu duties to be modified as aforefaid; and the fame during the fubfiftenceof fuch life-rent rights, (hall be fufpended, and (hall commence and become payable to the fuperior at the firft term of Jfhitjun* day after the determination of fuch life-rent right; and in every cafe where fuch life-rent right is not total of the whole eftate, the entire feu duty fo to be modified, (hall, during the fob-fiftence of fuch life-rent right, be payable to the fuperior by the 1	.	fiar

Digitized by

Google

1747*]	Anno	vicefimo	Georgii	II.	c. 50.	165

fiar or proprietor, out of fuch parts of the lands or eftate as (hall , not be life-rented.

VIII,	Provided alfo. That the infeftments now (landing in infeftmcnts 0f the perfons of any vafTal in Scotlandy holding their lands or other vaflalshold-heretages ward, mall remain good and valid, to all intents and ing lands in-purpofes whatfoever, fo long as the perfons now infeft (hall re- ward contain the fame, or not be denuded thereof; and they (hall not- firmc<i-withftanding, by virtue of this prefent adl, be no longer fub-jefted to the cafualties hereby difcharged, but (hall be fubjedl to

Hthe annual blanch or feu duties refpe6tively, hereby pro-;d to be payable in place of thofe cafualties.

IX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, No tenure of That no tenure of any lands or heretages by ward holding, (hall ward holding hereafter be created by his Majefly, his heirs or fucceffors, 0rt0 ** by any other fuperior or proprietor of lands, or other heretages

in Scotland.

X.	And whereat there are certain lands in Scotland held by the Tenure ofFeu tenure of Feu cum Maritagio, or with claufes de non alienando cum Maritagio, line confenfu Superiorum; it is alfo hereby enadted by the au- &c-takcn tbority aforefaid, That in all time coming, from and after the way* laid twenty fifth day of Marchy the cafualty of marriage confe-quent upon fuch holding, and all fuch prohibitory claufes retraining the power of alienation, be taken away and difcharg-, ed; and it (hall and may be lawful in like manner as is herein before diredled in the cafe of ward holding, for the refpedlive fubjedl fuperiors, or vaflals in lands or heretages that are held Feu cum Maritagioy or with fuch prohibitory claufes as aforefaid, to apply to the court of feflion to modify fuch additional feu fion to modify duty by the vaflal, as they (hall judge a reafonable recompence the recoup to the fuperior, for fuch cafualty of marriage or prohibitory pence, claufes as aforefaid, hereby taken away and difcharged.

XI.	And whereas the cafualties of [ingle and life-rent efcheat, con-fequent upon the procefs competent by the law of Scotland, for recovering payment of civil debts, or performance of obligations, havey by experience, been found highly rigorous, and liable to be abufed; be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from after the faid twenty fifth day of March, the cafualties of Angle Jiff.rent ef-efcheat, heretofore incurred by horning and denunciation of the cheats incur-debtor in any civil debt or obligation, and of life-rent efcheat, red by horn-heretofore incurred by Qjch debtor fo denounced, continuing1n£ a.nd.defer a year and day unrdtorcd or unrelaxed, be, and the fame fb^cwlua^fes are hereby taken away land difcharged for ever; and that from taken away, and after the faid twenty fifth day of Marchy no Angle efcheat or life-rent efcheat (hall become forfeited, or be confequent upon any fuch procefs as is before mentioned ; any law, cuftom, or ufageto the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XII.	And whereas tie methods of procuring entry by heirs., or fin-gular fucceffors or pur chafers of lands in Scotland, that are held of fubjett fuperiors, heretofore praftifed, are tedious and expenfive; be Hcjrs t0> or it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and purchafcrs of, after the faid twenty fifth day of March, it (hall and may be law- lands, to ap-

M 3	*	ful

meat.

j66	Anno	vicefimo	Georgii II. c. 50.	[1747.

ply for letters fu] and competent for any perfon, who (hall be duly ferved and ot horning to retoured heir to any of his predeceiTors in any lands or hcre-periJAogrant tages m Scotland, and to any perfon who (hall purchafe or ac-new infen- quire fuch lands or heretages from the former proprietor or vaf-fal, who was duly vetted and feized therein, and who (hall obtain from fuch vendor or former proprietor, a difpofition or conveyance, containing a procuratory of refignation in favour of fuch purchaser or difponee, to apply to the ordinary on the bills in the court of feffion for the time being, praying a warrand for letters of horning, to charge the fuperior, of whom fuch lands or heretages were refpedively held, to receive or grant new in-feftment to fuch heir or jpurchafer refpedively; and upon production to the lords of feffion of a fpecial retour of the petitioner or party fo applying in any fuch lands or heritages, or upon production of a difpofition or conveyance, bearing a procuratory of refignation in favour of fuch petitioner, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid lords of feffion, and they are hereby authorized and required to grant warrand for letters of horning, upon fifteen days, to charge the fuperior or fuperiors in the lands contained in fuch fpecial retour, or procuratory of refignation, to receive or grant new infeftment to fuch heir, purchafer, or difponee refpectively.

XIII.	Provided always, That no fuperior (hall be obliged to give obedience to fuch charge, unlefs the charger at the fame time (hall pay or tender to him fuch fees or cafualties as he is by law intitled to receive, upon the entry of fuch heir or purchafer; and that it fhall and may be lawful for every fuch fuperior to (hew caufe why he ought not to be compelled to give obedience to fuch charge, by offering a bill of fufpenfion in the ufual manner to the court of feffion.

XIV.	And whereas it hath been and may be found necejfary for the publick fervice, to ere Si buildings and make fettlements in certain places in the highlands of Scotland, and in pur chafing the land upon which fuch buildings are or may be ereSied^ and fettlements made ^ a difficulty may arife by reafon of the fame being part of a tailzied eflate; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforelaid, That it fhall

Tfcirs of tail- and may be lawful for any perfon who is feized.in, or pofieffed rie allowed to of, a tailzed eftate in Scotland, to fell, dvfpone, or refign, ad per-fell lauds to petuam remanentiam, any part thereof,* which his Majeffy, his . t e crown. heirs and fuccelTors (hall think fit to purchafe, for ereding of buildings, or making fettlements within the fame; any law, charter, tailzie, or other ad or deed to the contrary notwlth-ftanding.

Purchafe mo- XV. Provided always. That the monies paid as the price of hey how to be 0f fuch iand, being part of a tailzied eftate, (hall be laid out, app ied. anj fett]ecj t0 tbe fame ufes, and with the fame limitations and reftridions, as fuch land was fettled before fych fale thereof as a-forefaid, or applied for payment of the debts, if any fuch there be, of the maker of the intail, or other debts that are effectual burdens on the tailzied eftate, not being contracted by fuch vendor hirafelf; and for that purpofe, the faid money (hall be paid 6	•	into

Fees to be paid to the iiiperiors up ' on entry ot heirs, See.

Digitized by

Google

167

1747*]	Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 50.

info the hands of fuch truftees, who (hall for that purpote be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, by (ign manual, and the vendors; which payments (hall be good difeharges to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, of and from fuch purchafe-money; and fuch truftees, and the furvivor and furvivors of them, ahd the executors and adminiftrators of fuch furvivor,

(hall Jay out the fame in the purchafe of other lands, and fettle} and procure to be fettled the fame, or applied for payment of debts on the fame eftate, in the manner herein before diredted.

XVI.	And whereas the enfranchifing of vajfals offubjeft fuperiors, by caufing them to become immediate vajjals of the crown, is a matter of publick benefit which ought to be encouraged \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be law- Poflfeflors of fill for any perfon feifed in, or poflefled of a tailzied eftate in tailzied eftatei Scotland, comprehending lands or fuperiorities of vaflals, under f^iPtheC(w.t0 or holding of him, to fell to fuch vaflals, or any of them, the riorities. fuperiorities over their refpedhve lands, at fuch prices as the

parties (hall agree for, and thereupon to refign fuch lands for new infeftment, to be granted to fuch buyer of his own fuperio-rity, which (hall be good and valid; any law, charter, tailzie, or other adl or deed to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	Provided always, That the monies paid as the price purchafe-mo-of fuch fuperiority or fuperiorities, being part of a tailzied e- ney how to be (late, (hall be laia out and fettled to the fame ufes, and with applied.

the fame limitations and reftridtions, as fuch fuperiority was fettled before the fale thereof as aforefaid, or applied for payment of the debts, if any fuch there be, of the mkker of the in* tail, or other debts that are effe&ual burdens on the tailzied e-ftate, not contradfced by fuch vendor himfelf, and for that pur-pofe the monies (hall be paid into the hands of truftees, who (hall be appointed by the vendor of fuch fuperiority or fuperiorities, and the purchafer or purchafers thereof refpedtively ; and fuch truftees, and the furvivor and furvivors of them, and the executors and adminiftrators of fuch furvivor, (hall lay out the monies arifing from fuch fale, in the purchafe of other lands or heretages, and fettle, or procure the fame to be fettled as aforefaid, or fuch monies to be applied for payment of debts on the tailzied eftate, in the manner herein before diredted.

XVIII.	And whereas the ancient ufage of the vajfals of the King, and other fubjeft fuperiors, being obliged to give fuit and prefence, or to appear at head courts at certain times of the year, has of a long time been ufelefs, and therefore ought not to be continued; be it therefore

cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid Vaffiils dif-twenty fifth day of March, no proprietor of lands in Scotland, attending™™ holding of the King, or of any fubjedt fuperior, (hall be obliged head courts, to attend, appear and give fuit and prefence by himfelf, or his procurator, at any head court, or be liable to any fine or penalty, for default of attendance at fuch head court 5 any law, charter, contradt, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XIX.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall vaflals to at-

M 4	exempt tend if fum*

Digitized by

Anno vlcefimo Georgii II.

c.51.	[1747.

moncd on ju exempt any proprietors of lands, being vaffals of the King, or rics.	any	fubjea	fuperior, from attendance at any court to which he

is fubjed, being lawfully and fpecially fummorted for that effeA, to ferve as a juryman upon trials, or for any other lawful pur-pofe whatfoever.

Powers of the XX. Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained (hall de-

freeholders head court referred.

Tackfmen

di (charged from ail fer-

rogate from the powers now competent by law, to the freeholders aflembled at their Michaelmas head court, which it (hall be lawful to hold, and for the freeholders to a<5t and proceed as formerly ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XXL And whereas it hath been frequently praftifed in Scotland, to lett lands to tenants or tackfmen, re/erving or exprejftng, over and above the certain rents and duties payable for the fame, fervices ufei and wont, or fervices indefinitely, or other general words of the like nature, without fpecifying or afeertaining the fame ; which pradice is liable to be abuftd, is productive of deputes between landlord and tenant, and fubjeft to divers inconveniencies ; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of July, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and vices, See. not forty feven, no tenant or tackfman of any lands or heretages in mentioned in Scotland, by virtue of any leafe or tack which (hall be made in theuck. See. writing, or by verbal agreement, tacit relocation, or otherwife, after the faid firft day of July, or by virtue of the prorogation of any leafe or tack made before the firft day of July, or any aflignee of any fuch leafe or tack, (hall be obliged or liable to perform any fervices whatfoever to his heretor or landlord, other than fuch as (hall be exprefsly and particularly referved and fpecified, and the number and kinds thereof enumerated and afeertained in fome written leafe or tack, or by fome agreement made in writing, and figned by the parties thereto, or fome perfons authorized by them ; any former law or ufage to the contrary not-withftanding.

Services due XXII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained re-to mills re-	lating to fervices to be performed by any tenant or tackfman,

ferved.	after the faid firft day of July, fhall extend or be conftrued to

extend to any fervices by law or cuftom due to mills, or any matter or thing relative thereto.

CAP. LI.

An abl to enlarge the time limited by an aft of the left feffm of parliament, for refraining the ufe of the highland drefs\ and to enable heirs of tailzie, guardians, tutors, curators, and trufiees in Scotland, to fell lands to the crown.

WHEREAS by a claufe of an aft made in the laft fejfton of parliament, intituled. An a6t for the more effectual disarming the highlands in Scotland, and for more effectually fe-curing the peace of the faid highlands; and for reftraining the ufe of the highland drefs; and for further indemnifying fuch perfons as have a&ed in defence of his Majesty’s perfon and *	govern-

19 Geo. a. C. 39.

Digitized by Google

*747*] Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c.	169

government during the unnatural rebellion; and for indemnifying the judges, and other officers of" the court of judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the northern circuit in May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and for obliging the blatters or teachers of private fchools in Scotland, and chaplains, tutors, and governors of children or youth, to take the oaths to his Majesty, his heirs an.d fucceflors, and to regifter the fame; it is enabled. That from and after the firji day of Auguft, one thoufand (even hundred and forty feven, no man or boy, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, other than fuch as Jball he employed as officers and foldiers, in his Majesty's forces, Jhall, on arty pretence whatfoever, wear or put on the clothes commonly called highland clothes ; that is to fay, the plaid, phiUbeg, or little hilt, trowfe, Jhoulder belts, or any fart whatfoever of what peculiarly belongs to the highland garb ; and that no tartan, or party-coloured plaid or fluff, Jhall be ufed for great coats, or for upper coats: and whereas the provifton made by the faid claufe is very necejfary to be carried into execution, but the time thereby allowedfor that purpofe has been found tv Jhort: to the end therefore that a further time and opportunity may be given for paying due obedience to the faid claufe ; be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the time appointed by the fame claufe for the purpofes therein mentioned, as to all thofe who are not Further time landed men, be enlarged from the faid firft day of Auguft, till allowed for the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and forty {^bland *** eight, and that from and after the faid firft day of Auguft one drffs*0 thousand feven hundred and forty eight, the feveral matters and See 16 Geo. u things provided and enabled by the faid claufe be ftridlly ob- c. *9* ferved, and carried into execution.

II. And whereas it may be necejfary, for the prefervation of the fublick peace, and the further civilizing of the inhabitants of the highlands ^Scotland, that land Jhouldbe purchafed there by his Mq-jefty, his heirs or fucceffors, which lands may be Jubjeftto Jlrift tailzie, or belong to infants, pupils, minors, ideots, lunaticks,fatuous or furious perfins; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Tailzied e-it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon who is feifed in, or dates may be pofleffcd of a tailzied eftatein Scotland, or for any guardian, tutor, f°ld to the curator, or truftee of an infant, pupil, minor, ideot, lunatick, crown# fatuous or furious perfon, to fell, difpofe, or refign ad per-petuam remanentiam, the whole, or any part of fuch tailzied efface, or the eftate of fuch infant, pupil, minor, ideot, lunatick, fatuous or furious perfon, which his Majesty, his heirs or fuc- Power of ceflors, may think fit to purchafe for the purpofes aforefaid; granting which lands fo purchafed (hall remain in his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, unalienable for ever ; except as to the power of granting leafes for feven years, with a diminution of a fifth part of the ufual rent only.

IB. Provided always. That in every fuch cafe, the monies Purchafe-mo-paid as the price of fuch lands, (hall be laid out and fettled to ney how to be the Came ufes, and with the fame limitations and reftridtions,

fuch

Digitized by

mjo	Anno	vicefimo	Georgii	II.	c. 52.	[1747,

fuch lands were fettled before the fale thereof, or (hall be ' applied for the payment of debts that are effedtual to chargefud tailzied eftate, not contracted by the vendor himfelf, or the ef-tate ef fuch infant, pupil, minor^ ideot, lunatick, fatuous or furious perfon ; and the faid mdnies (hall be paid into the hands of truftees, who, (hall be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, by (ign manual, and the vendor or vendors refpec-tively (which payments (hall be good difeharges to his Maiefty, his heirs and fucceffors, of and from fuch purchafe-money) and fuch truftees, and the furvivor and furvivors of them, and the executors and adminiftrators of fuch furvivor, (hall lay out the monies ariiingfrom fuch fale, in the purchafe of other lands or heretages, and fettle the fame, or procure them to be fettled, as aforefaid, or the monies applied for the payment of debts, in the manner herein before directed ; and till fuch purchafe can be found, or debts paid, they (hall place out the monies, or fo much thereof as (hall be unapplied, from time to time, as there (hall be occafion, upon good fecurity, at intereft; and fuch in-tereft (hall go in the fame manner, as the profits of the laid lands, if purchafed, (hould have gone.

CAP. LIL

An aft for the King's mojl gracious, general, and free forks.

GEORGE R.

THE King’s moft excellent majefty having already (hewed his royal inclination to mercy, by many particular in-ftances of grace to fuch as had rendered themfelves obnoxious to the laws, and fubjedt to the higheft penalties, by being concerned in the late unnatural rebellion; and his Majesty being de-firous of quieting the minds of his fubjedts in general, hath, upon mature deliberation, refolved and determined to grant his general and free pardon, in a large and bountiful manner; not doubting but that, however it may be received by thofe who are obftinately bent on the ruin 01 their country, it will raife a due fenfe of gratitude in all who have been artfully milled into treafonable practices againft his perfon and government, and preferve them and others from (landing in need of the like mercy for the future, when fuch clemency may not be fo expedient for the publick welfare, as it would be agreeable to his Majesty’s inclinations; and hoping that all his fubjedls, by this adt of grace, will be induced henceforth more carefully to ob-ferve the laws, and live in a loyal and dutiful obedience to his Majesty, therefore his Majesty is well pleafed and contented, Declaration of that it be enacted by the. authority of this prefent parlia-his Majesty’s ment; and be it enacted by the authority of the fame, in man-ScneralJnd ner and form following (tnat is to fay) That all and every his to^i^perfons Majefty’s fubjedls, as well fpiritual as temporal of this his Ma-and places jefty’s realm of Great Britain, their heirs, fucceffors, executors concerned in ana adminiftrators, and every of them, and all and Angularboth* late rebel- dies politick and corporate, and their fucceffors, and all cities, lion*	boroughs, (hires, ftewartrics, ridings, hundreds, lathes, i?pes,

wapentakes,

Digitized by Google

1747*1 Anno vtcefimo Georgii II. c. 52;	171]

wapentakes, towns, villages, hamlets, and tythings, and every )f them, (hall be, by the authority of this prefent parliament, icquitted, pardoned, releafed, and difcharged againft the King’s najefty, his heirs% and fucceflors, and every of them, of, and rom all, and all manner of treafons, mifprifions of treafons, fe-onies, treafonable and feditious words, or libels, leafing-mak- ' ng, mifprifions of felony, feditious and unlawful meetings, and :onventicles, and all offences, whereby any perfon may be charged with the danger and penalty of Premunire; and alfo of and from all riots, routs, offences, contempts, trefpafies, en-ries, wrongs, deccipts, mifdemeanors, forfeitures, penalties, ind fums or money, pains of death, pains corporal, and pains >ccuniary, and generally of and from all other things, caufes, juarrels, fuits, judgements, and executions, in this prelent adt lereafter not excepted or foreprized, which may be, or can be yj his Majesty in any wife or by any means pardoned, and have Deen had, made, done, committed, omitted, perpetrated, incurred, or forfeited, before and unto the fifteenth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty (even.

II.	And alfo the King’s moll excellent majefty is contented, HisMajeftyV that it be enadted by the authority of this prefent parliament, P?^011.!0 and be it enadted by the authority of the fame, That this his ^rfons and Majefty’s free pardon fhall be as good and effectual in law to things not every of his faid fubjedls, bodies corporate, and others before re- particularly hearted, in, for, and againft all things aforefaid, and not here- c*ccPtc<l* after in this prefent aft excepted and foreprized, as the fame

pardon would have been, if all fuch offences, contempts, forfeitures, caufes, matters, fuits, quarrels, judgements, executions, penalties, and other things not hereafter in this aft particularly excepted and foreprized, had been particularly, Angularly, fpe-:ially, and plainly named, rehearfed, and fpecified, and alfo pardoned by proper and exprefs words and names; and that his laid fubjefts, or any of them, the heirs, executors, or admini-Irators of any of them, or the faid bodies corporate, and others, before named and rehearfed, or any of them, be not, nor (hall be fued, vexed, or unquieted ip their bodies, goods, chattels, lands, or tenements, for any matter, caufe, contempt, mifde-meanor, forfeiture, trefpafs, offence, or any other thing, fuffer-ed, done, or committed, or omitted, before the faid fifteenth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, againft his Majesty, his crown, dignity, prerogative, or the laws or ftatutes of this realm, but only for fuch caufes, matters, md offences, as be rehearfed or mentioned in the exceptions of this prefent a<&, to be excepted and foreprized, and for none ;>ther; any ftatute or ftatutes, laws or cuftoms heretofore had, made, or ufed to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And the King’s majefty, of his bounteous liberality, and Penalties and by the authority of this prefent parliament, doth grant, and forfeitures re-freely give to every of his fubjefts, every of the faid bodies cor- nutted, porate, and others before rehearfed; and every of them, all goods,

m	chattels.

<

Grants of

forfeitures,

&c.

Perfons not excepted ma' plead without

ijt	Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c.52;	[1747.

chattels, debts, fines, ifTues, profits, amerciaments, forfeitures, and fums of money, by any of them forfeited, which to his Majesty do or (hall appertain, by reafon of any offence, contempt, trefpafs, entry, mifdemeanor, matter, caufe, or quarrel, fuffered done, or committed by them, or any of them, before the faid fifteenth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, not hereafter in this prefent ad! foreprized and excepted.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it.enad!ed, That all grants thereof, or of any part thereof, made by any fuch as have lb forfeited the fame, and are hereby reftored as aforefaid, and ail executions thereof, or of any part thereof, had againft any fuch, after fuch forfeiture thereof committed or made, fhall be of fuch force and effed!, as if no fuch forfeiture had been had or made, and of no other, the fame forfeiture, or any thing in this ad before to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enad!ed, That all and every of his Mathis”^	fakjed!s, and all and fingular bodies corporate, and others

at fee. * before rehearfed, may by him or themfelves, or by his or their

deputy or deputies, or by his or their attorney or attomies, according to the laws of this realm, plead and minifter this ad of free pardon, for his or their difeharge, of or for any thing that is by virtue of this ad!, pardoned, difeharged, given, or granted, without any fee, or any other thing paying to any per-Ion or perfons for the writing or entering of the judgments, or other caufe concerning fuch plea, writing, or entiy, but only Sterin the **xteen Pence to the clerk or officer that fhall enter fuch pica or C matter for judgement, or tfre parties difeharge in that behalf; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

His Majefty’s VI. And further the King’s majefty is contented and pJeafed, £CcoPnftruedt0 ^at !t he ena<^c^ by the authority aforefaid, That this his Main the moftbe- jefty’s free pardon, by the general words, claufes, and fentenccs neficial ienfe. before rehearfed, fhall be reputed, deemed, adjudged, expounded, allowed, and taken, in all manner of courts of his Majesty, and elfewhere, moft beneficial and available to all and fingular the faid fubjedts, bodies corporate, and others before rehearfed, and to every of them, in all things not in this prefent a<ft excepted and foreprized, without any ambiguity, queftion, or other delay whatsoever, to be made, pleaded, objed!ed, or alledgd by the King’s majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or by his or any of their general attorney or attornies, advocate or advocates, or by any perfon or perfons for his Majesty, or any of his heirs or fuc cefiors. Excepted and foreprized out of this ad! of general and free pardon, all perfons being on the faid fifteenth day 0fjuv<

Exceptions.

Perfons in the

fervice pretender,

{in the fervice of, or anyways employed by the perfon, whofinc. e the death of the late King James, hath taken

the King of Spain, v

upon himfelf the

ftile and title of King of England, or King of Great Britain, or who have been in the fervice of, or employed by the King Spain, fince the nineteenth day of December, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and thirty nine, being two months after his Majesty’s declaration of war againft the faid King of Spck

Digitized by

Google

1747*] Anno vlcfcfimo Georgii II. C. 52.	17$

or who have been in the fervice of, or employed by the French and of the King, fince the twenty ninth day of Aprils in the year one thou- Frcnch King, fand (even hundred and forty four, being one month after the (aid French King’s declaration of war againft his Majesty.

VII.	And alfo excepred out of this pardon, all offences of Perfons be-levying the war againft his Majesty, which began in this realm, yond the feat, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, by any concerned m perfon or perfons who has, or have been, or (hall be beyond the cvyuis war * feas, at any time between the twentieth day of July9 one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and the faid fifteenth day of

June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven.

VIII.	And alfo excepted out of this pardon, all offences of or aflifting in confpiring, carrying on, confenting to, afiifting, or being con- the invalion of ccmcd in any defign or propofal for invading, or procuring an

invafion of this realm, by the forces of the French King, oj rebellion j by any other foreign force, or for railing or carrying on a rebellion within the fame, committed by any perfon or perfons who have been, or fhall be beyond the feas, at any time between the (aid twentieth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and the faid fifteenth day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven.

IX.	And alfo excepted out of this pardon, all offences of counterfeiting

forging and falfe counterfeiting the great feal, privy feal, fign the great fea£ manual, or privy fignet, the feal kept and made ufe of in Scot- manual, land, in things relating to private rights or grants which ufually s^and*" paffed the great feal of Scotland before the union of the two king-	*

doms, the privy feal, or fignet in Scotland \ and alfo all offences

of counterfeiting any of the monies current within this realm ; or in counter-and alfo all offences of clipping, wafhing, fealing, lightening, fifing the impairing, or other unlawful diminilhing any of the faid monies, coin» by anyways or means whatfoever, or in making or mending any tool or inftrument to be made ufe of in coining, contrary to the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

X.	And alfo excepted the offences of bringing into this realm, or in bringing any falfe or counterfeit money, made or counterfeited out of this in falfe mo-realm, knowing the fame to be counterfeit, and uttering any mcs*'

fuch falfe or counterfeit money; and all mifprifions and concealments of any of the offences before excepted ; and all abetting, aiding, comforting, and procuring of the fame offences ; and alfo all offences againft an a<5t made in the fifteenth year of offence3 his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the more effeftud pre- againft i5Geo. venting the counterfeiting of the current coin of this kingdom \ and *. c.*8. the uttering or paying of falfe or counterfeit coin.

XI.	And alfo excepted out of this afx of pardon, all violations Violations of

of the privileges of ambaffadors, and other publick minifters ofthc privileges foreign princes and ftates.	minifters ^

XU. And alfo excepted all manner of voluntary murthers, furthers and petty treafbns, wilful poifonings, and all (laughters of fore- other offences* thought felony, done or committed by any perfon or perfons $ and alfo all wilful burning of houfes, or flacks of corn, or bamswith corn in them, at the time of fuch burning; and all

and

Digitized by i^.ooQle

Piracies.

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 52.	[*747*

and every the acceflaries to the fame offences, or any of them; and alfo all offences, of fetting fire to any houfe, ham, or out-houfe, or to any hovel, cock, mow, or ftack of corn, ftraw, hay, or wood, or of (hooting at any perfon in any dwelling-houfe, or other place, or fending anv letter without any name fubfcribed thereto, or figned with a n&itious name, demanding money, venifon, or other valuable thing, committed or done contrary to an alt of parliament made in the ninth year of the 9 Geo. i. c.*s. reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, of glorious me-moryj intituled. An aft for the more effeftual punijbtng wicked and evil-difpofed perfons going armed in dijguifi?, aud doing injuries and violences to the perfons and properties of his Majejly's fubjefts, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to jufiiee, or any alt made for the continuance thereof.

XIII.	And alfo excepted out ofthis general pardon, all piracies and robberies committed upon the high feas; and all and ! every procuring or abetting any fuch offenders, and comforting j and receiving of them, or any of them, and of receiving any goods taken by the way of piracy or robbery upon the (eas, as aforefaid.

XIV.	And alfo excepted all offences made felony in and by

an alt or ads of parliament made againft the wilful calling away, burning, or otherwife deftroying any (hips or veflels.	I

XV.	And alfo excepted out of this general pardon, all offences i ° Car ft committed or done fince the twenty fifth day of December, one

c? - *■ ,I# thoufand feven hundred and forty three, againft an ad made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the efiablijhmg articles and orders for the regulating and better government of his Majejly's navies, Jhips of war, and forces by fea\ or againft anv ads of parliament, intituled. An a8 for punijhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their’quarters, other than the defertion of fuch offenders, who (hall on or before the firft day of November next return to his Majesty’s fervice in the regiment, troop, or company, to which they dia belong at the refpedive times of fuch defertion.

XVI.	And alfo excepted out of this pardon, all burglaries, and all robberies of churches, and dealing any plate, utenfils, or goods belonging to the fame; and alfo all robberies committed on any perfon or perfons in or near the highway.

XVII.	And alfo excepted the deteftable and abominable vices of fodomy and buggery.

XVIII.	And alfo excepted all rapes and carnal ravilhments of women.

XIX.	And alfo excepted all offences of peijury and fuboma-tion of witneffes, and endeavouring or confpiring to bribe or corrupt any perfon to give falfe teftimony; and the offences ot* forging or counterfeiting and felicitation of forging and counterfeiting any fines or other records, deeds, wills, probates of wills, or letters of adtniniftration, eferipts, or writings what-

focYer,

Wilful deftroying (hips,

Offences againft

and againft mutiny alts.

Robberies.

Sodomy.

Rapes.

Perjury.

Forgery.

Digitized by Google

*75

I747-] Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 52.

oever, or publifliing or making ufe in evidence of any fuch, knowing the fame to be forged.

XX.	And alfo excepted all offences of forging and counter- Forging ex-feiting of the bills of credit, commonly called Exchequer Bills, chequer bills, and the tendering in payment any fuch forged or counterfeited bill of credit, or demanding money thereupon at the exchequer, or elfcwhere (knowing the bill fo tendered, or whereupon the money (hall be fo demanded, to be forged and counterfeited) and alfo all offences of forging and counterfeiting the common feal Common feal of the corporation of the governor and company of the bank of of the bank, England, or of any fealed bank bill, made or given out in the and banjc bills, name of the (aid governor and company for the payment of any c* fum of money, or of any bank note whatfoever, fiened for the (aid governor and company*of the bank of England, or the altering or rating any indorfement on any bank bill or note of any fort, exchequer orders, lottery orders, lottery tickets, or any indorfement or alignment thereof, or demanding money thereupon, or the tendering in payment, uttering, vending, exchanging, bartering, or' indorfing any forged bank bill or bank note, or demanding or receiving any money thereon.

XXI.	And alfo excepted all offences made felony by an aft of offences parliament made in the fecond year of his Majesty’s reign, in- againft tituled. An aft for the more effeftual preventing and further punifh- a Geo.a. 0.15. mint of forgery, perjury, and fubornation of perjury; and to make

it felony to fteal bonds, notes, or other fecurities for payment of money ; or in and by another aft of parliament made in the feventh 7 Geo.a. c.ta* year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the more effeftual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange, or the numbers or principal jums of accountable receipts for notes, bills, or other fecurities for payment of money or warrants, or orders for payment of money, or delivery of goods.

XXII.	And alfo excepted all offences made felony in and by

an aft made in the eighth year of his late majefty King George g Geo , c theFirft, of glorious memory, intituled. An oft to prevent the	’

mifcbiefs by forging powers to transfer flocks, or to receive fuch annuities or dividends as are therein mentioned, or by fraudulently per-frnting the true owners thereof \ and to reftify mijlakes of the late managers for taking fubfcriptions for increafmg the capital flock of the South Sea company, and in the inflruments founded thereupon ; or in and by one other aft made in the twelfth year of his faid I2Geo.i.c.3». late Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for better fecuring the monies and effefts of the fuitors of the court of Chancery, and to prevent the counterfeiting of Eaft India bonds and indorsements thereon, as likewife indorfements on South Sea bonds.

XXIII.	* And alfo excepted all offences made felony by one

other aft made in the fifth year oi his faid late Majefty’s reign, 5Geo.i. c.**. intituled, An aft for the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts 5 or in ana by one other aft, made in the fifth year of his sGeo. a. c. 30. prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft to prevent the commit-ting of frauds by bankrupts.

aa!V. And alfo excepted all offences in unlawfully and ma-

licioufly

Digitized by

Google

i ?6

Breaking banks and fet ting on fire mines, See.

Counterfeiting Teamens tickets,

and Mediterranean Pafles.

Contempts and mifae-meanors, See.

Felonies, con* tempts, and mifoemean-ors.

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c.52.	[1747.

licioufly breaking or cutting down the bank or banks of any * river, or any fea banks, or fetting or cauiing to be fet on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal, or cannal of coal, made felony by any ad or ads of parliament,

XXV.	And aUb excepted the offences of forging and counterfeiting feamens tickets, or authorities for receiving any fums of money due to feamen; and the offences of publiftung, as true ones, forged or counterfeit tickets, knowing them to be forged or counterfeit $ and alfo all offences in forging, counterfeiting, or altering any pafsj commonly called a Mediterranean Pa/Sj and publiftung as true any fuch forged, counterfeit, or altered pafs, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeit, or altered.

XXVI.	And alfo excepted all offences, contempts, or mif-demeanors (not being capital) done contrary to any ad of parliament (other than ufmg, or cauftng to be ufed, any craft, myftery, or occupation, by any perfon not brought up therein feven years 26 an apprentice) or contrary to the laws of this realm, for which any adion, bill, plaint, information, indid-ment, or other profecution, at any time within two years next before the laftday of Eafter term, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, hath been, or (hall be found, commenced, or fued in any of his Majesty’s courts at We/iminfiery or before any commiftioners of Oyer and Terminer, gaoldelivery, juftices of afiize, or juftices of the peace* and on the faid laft day of Eajler term, depending and remaining to be profecuted, on which no outlawry, verdid, convidion, judgment, or decree (hall, on the fifteenth day of Juncy one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, be had or obtained, and which have been profecuted at the charge of any private perfon or perfons, unkfs the defendant or defendants, in fuch profecution or profecutions, (hall pay to fuch private profecutor or profecutors, his or their executors or adminiftrators, fuch cofts as the court, where or before whom fuch profecution (hall be, (hall award to be paid to fuch private profecutor or profecutors in refped of the charges of fuch profecution.

XXVII.	And alfo excepted all felonies, contempts, and mif-demeanors had, committed, or done, contrary to any ad of parliament (other than ufing, or caufing to be ufed, any craft, myftery, or occupation, by any perfon or perfons not brought up therein feven years as an apprentice) or contrary to the laws of this realm, for which any perfon hath been, or (hall be (o far profecuted, that on or before the laft day of Trinity term, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, any verdid hath been, or (hall be obtained upon fuch profecution, or any outlawry, convidion, judgment by default, or other judgment, fentence, or decree, had, given, or entered in any of his Majc-ftv’s courts, or before any commiftioners of his Majesty, orany ot his royal predeoefiors, within this realm of Great Britaintot by the commiftioners of his Majesty, or any of his royal prede-

ceflon,

Digitized by

Google

tj47.J Afino vlcefimo Georgii II. C. 52;	*77

ceflors, for the management of the receipt of excife, or other duties under their management,' or by juftices of the peace.

XXVIII.	And alfo excepted out of this pardon, all offences ^GtoiXiSS* and mifdemeanors againft an a<51 of parliament made in the ninth

year of his Majesty's reign, intituled. An aft for indemnifying perfons who have been guilty of offences againfi the lavas made for fearing the revenues of ciijloms and excife ; and for enforcing thofe lows for the future ; and an a<5i of parliament made in the nine- ^ teenth year of his Majesty's reigri, intituled, An aft for the fur- i93e°.*.c.$4* ther punijhment of perfons going armed or difgulfed, in defiance of the laws of cuftoms or excife, dnd for indemnifying offenders againfi thofe laws, upon the terms in this aft mentioned; and for the relief of officers of the cufioms in informations upon feizures; and all convictions and attainders by virtue thereof, or againft any other a£t$ of parliament made for the pay trig or fecuring his Majesty's « ' revenues of Iand-tjx, cuftoms, excife, inland duties, or of the poft-office, ftamp-dutics, window and houfe-tax, or other du- and other acts ties, or for the preventing the exportation of wool, or the un- |be revenues, lawful importation, landing, re-landing,'Or exportation of any goods, wares, and merchandizes, or for puniftiing or bringing to iuftice offenders againft the laws relating to the revenues of cuftoms and excife, and the exportation of wool.

XXIX.	Provided alfo. That if any perfon (hall have com- Rebejs

mitted high treafon, in levying war againft his Majesty, in the wcre poffdTcd rebellion which began in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven of any civil hundred and forty five, within this realm, who, at the time of employment, fuch treafon committed, or fince, was pofleffed of, or intitled ^	•

to any civil office for life, or for any eftate of inheritance within thC this realm granted by his Majesty, or any of his predeceffors, or fame, claimed by or under fuch grant, or to any office, place, or employment of and in any city, borough, or town-corporate within this realm, and (hall claim to have and enjoy fuch office,

place, or employment, it fhall and may be lawful to proceed in due form of law againft fuch perfon for the faid high treafon, as if this act had not been made.

XXX.	Excepted alfo out of this pardon, all and every per- perfon3 0f ^ fon and perfons of the name and clan of Mac Gregour, men- name nn(j tioned and intended in and by an alt of parliament made in clan of Scotland, in the firft parliament of the late King Charles the firft, M‘Gregour. intituled, Anent the dan Gregour, whatever name or defignation

he or they may have, or do affume, or commonly pafs under.

XXXI.	And alfo excepted out of this pardon, all offences offences con* concerning any common highways or bridges, and all informa- ceming the tiens, indiltments, and other proceedings thereon, and all iffues highways, &c. returned upon any procefs concerning the fame.

XXXII.	And alfo excepted all offences in taking away, im- imbexilling bezilling, or purloining any of the goods, monies, chatties, (lores, jewels, armour, munition, ftores, naval provifions, (hipping, ordnance, and other habiliments of war belonging to tiie

crowri.

XXXni. And alfo excepted all conditions and covenants, - -.	.

vol.xix.	n	-2E27V2

Digitized by L^ooQle

Offences, &c. by officers of the revenue.

by afieflors and colle&ors of taxes.

Square Impedit,

Inceft, fimo. ny, dilapidations.

Firft fruits ' and tenths. v

Cuftomand excife, &c.

Anno vicefimo GeoRGH II. c. 52.	[1747.

and all penalties, titles, and forfeitures of conditions or covenants, accrued or grown to his Majesty, by reafon of the breach or non-performance of any covenant or condition whatfoever.

XXXIV.	And alfo excepted out of this ad of pardon, all offences, misbehaviours, mifdemeanors, or omiflions committed, fuffered, or done by any officer of the exchequer or revenue, in or concerning the execution of his office, or by colour thereof, and all forfeitures, difabilities, incapacities, and penalties whatfoever, to which any fuch officer is or may be liable by reafon of fuch offences, mifbehaviours, mifdemeanors, or omiflions, and all fuits, proceedings, and profecutions, had or to be had for or by reafon thereof.

XXXV.	And alfo excepted out of this ad of pardon, all wilful offences, milbehaviours, or miffiemeanors, or omiflions committed, fuffered, or done by any affeffor or affeflors, collector or colledors of any aids or taxes, granted by any ad or ads of parliament, in or concerning the execution of their offices, or by colour thereof, and all fuits, proceedings, and profecutions, had or to be had for or by reafon thereof.

XXXVI.	And alfo excepted all titles, fuits, and adions of Quare Impedit.

XXXVII.	And alfo excepted all offences of inceft, firoony, or dilapidations, and all proceedings and fentences thereupon.

XXXVIII.	And alfo excepted out of this pardon all fiiit-fruits and tenths, penfions, procurations, fynodals, and other payments out of any ecclefiaftical promotion or benefice, and arrears of the fame.

XXXIX.	And alfo excepted out of this pardon, all ande-very the fums of money and duties, accruing or arifing by or from any cuftoms or fubfidies, excife, impofition upon wine or other liquors, or commodities, duties upon malt, hops, candles, foap, paper, duties on printing, painting, ftaining or dying filks, callicoes, linens, and Huffs, duties on ftarch, duties upon gilt and filver wire, duties on fait, duties upon tonnage of (hips, duties upon parchment, vellum, and paper, arrears 6f any land-tax, poll-money, all arrears of rent, and all other fums of money due or owing from any licenfed or hackney coachmen, or chairmen, or ftage-coachmen, duties arifing by wine licences, or the poft-office, or by or from any other tax, affeffinent, duty, impofition, debt, or fum of money whatfoever,. to the King’s Majefty given or belonging, or leviable by any ad of parliament, . or otherwife due or belonging to the King’s majefty, and all

arrears thereof refpedively, and all concealments and wrongful detainment thereof refpedively, and all penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities arifing thereby, or for the nonpayment, concealment, or detaining thereof, and all corruptions and imfde-meanors of any officer or minifter of, in, or concerning the feme, and all accounts and fuits whatfoever now depending, or to be had, made, or profecuted for the fame; and all concealments, frauds, and offences, by which his Majesty, or his royal father,

174^] Anno vicefimo Georoii II. c. 52179

hath or have been deceived, and not truly anfwered for the fame, or any of them.

XL. And alfo excepted out of this aft, all offences commit- Geo % ^ ted or done contrary to an aft of parliament, made in the fifth 5	•	•	4	lI.

year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, of gloridus memory, intituled. An aft for the better fettering the lawful trade of his Majestys fubjefts to and from the Eaft Indies, and fir the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's fubjefts trading thither under foreign commiffions; or contrary to an aft of parliament made in the feventh year of his faid late majefty King George the Firft, of glorious memory, intituled, An aft for the 7Geo.1c.a1. furtberpreventinghis Majesty's fubjeftsfrom trading to the Eaft Indies under foreign commiffions, and for encouraging and further fecuring the lawful trade thereto; and for further regulating the pilots Jf Dover, Deal, and the ifle a/’Thanet; and all forfeitures and penalties which any perfon or perfons is, are, or may be liable to, by reafon of any of the offences committed againft either of the ' laid afts, or contrary to any other acts of parliament made for the afcertaining, fecuring, or improving the trade of the Eaft India company to and in the Eajl Indies.

XLI. And alfo excepted all offences committed by any per- Converting fonor perfons in taking or converting to their own ule any goods. Sec. goods, chatties, rents, or profits of land belonging to the crown, belonging to by any fide or pretence whatfoever.	.	the “own.

XLII. And alfo excepted out of this pardon, all arrears of rent due from any farmer or tackfman of any part of the pub-	of

lick revenue, and all arrears of fee farm rents and other rents.

XLI1I. And alfo excepted all and Angular accounts of all and a ccounts 0c every colleftor and colleftors, commiffioners, treafurers, receiv-	S	°

ers, or other officers, or other accountant whatfoever, who have received or collected, or arc any other way accountable to his Majesty for any the cuftoms, fubfidies, impofitions, excifes, duties, land-taxes, poll-money, rents, or other matters before-mentioned, or for prize goods, or for any other tax, afleflment, duty, impofition, debt, fum of money, or other things whatfoever, given to the King’s majefty, or leviable by aft of parliament, or otherwife belongirtg to his Majesty; and all accounts of every other perfon whatfoever, that ought to be accountant to the King’s majefty, for or in refpeft of any receipt or other charge, and the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and fureties of any perfon that' ought to account, for all things touching only the fame accounts, and all and Angular arrearages of accounts, and all impetitions, charges, feizures, fuits, demands, and executions, which may or can be had of or for any fuch account or accbunts, or any arrearages of the fame.

XLIV: And alfo excepted all recognizances, obligations, securities .of and other Securities given or entered into by any receiver of any receivers, land-tax, or other duties or impoAtions, or any other fijms of money whatfoever, due or payable to his Majesty by aft of parliament, or otherwife, or by any reeve, bailiff, colleftor, or other accountant, in either of the courts of exchequer in England or

N 2	Scotland,

Digitized by v^,oo< e

i8o

\

Debts due to the crown.

Iflue* and fines by (be-riffs. Sec.

Pqft Fines, Sec.

Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 52.	t*747-

Scotland, or given or entered into by any perfon or perfons im* powered or permitted by any fuch receiver, reeve, bailiff, collector, or other accountant, to have or receive any fum or fums of money arifing from the land-tax, or other duties or impoii-tions, or any other fums of money whatfoever, due or payable to his Majesty by act of parliament, or otherwife, and their Sureties, and their accounts refpe&ively, and all other recognizances and obligations whatfoever, with or upon condition to account, or for payment of money; and all obligations, or other fecurities given or entered into by any officer or officers of any of the revenues of his Majesty, or any of his royal predeceffors, or their fureties, for the true difeharge of his or their trulls.

XI.V. And it is hereby declared and enaefted. That this ad (hall not extend, or be conftrued to pardon or difeharge any recognizance or obligation not yet forfeited, nor to pardon or difeharge any forfeited recognizance or obligation, or any other forfeiture or penalty, whereof any perfon or perfons who are or have been farmers or tackfmen of any part of the publick revenue, ought to receive any benefit or advantage ; nor to pardon or d\f-charge any debt due by any recognizance or obligation, or other-1 wife, to any perfon or perfons indebted to the crown, which hath been duly feized in aid of the crown’s debt; nor to pardon or difeharge any debt due by recognizance, obligations, condemnation, or otherwife, whereupon any eftalment or feizure has been at any time heretofore made, upon which eftalment or feizure any thing is, or at any time fince the twenty fourth day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, hath been anfwered and paid j nor to pardon or difeharge any penalties, forfeitures, or fums of money due or accrued to his Majesty by reafon of any a6t, ftatute or ftatutes, which forfeitures, penalties, and fums of money, fince the faid twenty fourth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, be converted into the nature of any debt by judgment, order, or decree, or by the a-greement of the offender or offenders, or have been eftalled, or any feizure made for the fame, and upon fuch feizure or eftal-ment, any thing anfwered or paid fince the faid twenty fourth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one; ncr to extend, or be conftrued to pardon or difeharge any recognizance which hath been entered into, and forfeited for or on account of any crimes, or other matters, which by this a<5t arc excepted or foreprized out of this pardon.

XL VI. And alfo excepted out of this pardon all iftues, fines, and amerciaments loft, impofed, or affefled fince the faid twenty fourth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, which have been, or (hall be totted, levied, or received by ary fheriff, under (heriff, bailiff, minifter, or other officer, who are to account for the year ending at Michaelmas now next enfut^g, at any time before they (hall finifh fuch their accounts rdpcc-lively.*

XLVII. And alfo excepted all fines pro licentia cencorJ&jj, commonly called Pojl Fincs9 and all fuch ifiues, lines, and ame*

_	claimcots,

Digitized by uooQle

1747*3	Anno vkefimo Georgii II. c. 52.	181

claments, above the fum of fix pounds, which have been loft, impofed, or aflefied, and have been affeered, taxed, fet, eftreat-cd, or entered, fince the faid twenty fourth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and twenty one.

XLVIIL And alfo excepted all fuch iflues, fines, and amer- Iflues and claments, returned, affeered, taxed, fet, or entered in any £ncs entered court of record within this realm of Great Britain, at any time *”c^drt8 ot fince the fifteenth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; and yet neverthelefs, all the eftreats of fuch fines, iflues, and amerciaments, as be now pardoned by this aft, and which be already eftreated forth of either of the courts of Exchequer of England or Scotland, and be remaining in the hands of the (heriff, under (heriff, bailiff, or other proper officer for collefting of the fame fines, iflues, and amerciaments, fhall, upon the return of the faid eftreats, be duly and orderly charged and delivered by ferows into the office ot the pipe in the faid refpeftive courts of Exchequer, as hath been heretofore accuftom-ed in England, to the intent that thereupon order may be taken, that his Majesty may be truly anfwered all fuch fine^, iflues, and amerciaments; not by this aft pardoned, and which any (heriff, under (heriff, bailiff, or other officer or minifter, has received, or ought to anfwer, by force or colour of any fuch eftreat, pro- sheriffs &c cefc, or precept to him or them made for levying thereof 5 and petitioning, to yet all and every (heriff and (heriffs, and other accountant, up- be allowed the on his or their petition or petitions, to be made for the allow- fame gratis. anee of any fuch fines, iflues, or amerciaments, as by this aft are pardoned, fhall have all and every fuch his and their petition allowed in his and their account and accounts, without paying any fee or reward to any officer, clerk, or other minifter, for the making, entering, and allowing of any fuch petition or petitions j any ufage or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

XLIX. Provided always. That this aft fhall not extend to perfons difa-give or reftore any ability or capacity to take, have, hold, or ex- bled by judge-ercife any office, place, authority, or employment, ecclefiaftical, ment to exer-ctvil or military, to any perfon or perfons, who, by virtue or any office, reafon of any judgment of any court of juftice, were or are made not reftored* ' or become incapable or difabled to have, take, hold, or execute the (ame; but that all and every fuch perfon and perfons (hall remain and continue under all and every the difabilities and incapacities aforefaid \ any thing in this prefent, aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

L. Provided, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this pfrfons dj. aft (hall be conftrued to extend to reftore, regrant, or reveft, to veiled of any or in any perfon, any office, place, or employment, civil or mili- e(*atc or em-tary, or any real or perfonal eftate, which has, or have been, or	*	no*

(hall be, on or before the faid fifteenth day of June, one thou- rc orc fand feven hundred and forty feven, diverted out of fuch perfon, by virtue of any judgment, attainder, conviftion, or aft of parliament.

tf. And alfo excepted out of this pardon all fuch perfons as, Perfons at-N 3	tainted, See*

Digitized by i^ooQle

i8z

of high trea fon before 15 June, 1747.

Perfons tranf-ported,

Treafons againft 13 Wil. 3. c. 3.

17 Geo. *. c. 39.

Perfonf concerned in pro curing an in-Vafion.

Offences copa mitred by po-pi(h priefts againft 27 fcliz. c. a*

I Geo. 1. c. 50

Anno viccfimo Gsorgix II. C,gt* £1747.

on or before the faid fifteenth day of June, in the year one thousand feven hundred and forty feven, are or (hall be attainted of high treafon, by a& of parliament, or judgment, or convi&ed of high treafon, by verdiA, confcffion, orcrtherwife.

LII. And, alfo excepted all perfons who have been, or (hall be tranfported into parts beyond the feas, on or before the laft day of Trinity term, in the year one thoufand fcven hundred and forty feven, for any offence.

LIII. And alfo excepted out of this pardon, all treafons contrary to an a£fc of parliament made in the thirteenth year of the reign of the late King fFilliam the Third, of glorious memory, intituled, An aft for the attainder of the pretended prime of Wiles of high treafon, committed fince the Jirft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and before the twentieth day of July one thoufand fcven hundred and forty five.

LIV. And alfo all treafons againft an a<ft of parliament made in the feventeenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An aft to make it high treafon to hold correjpondence with the fins of the pretender to his Majesty's crown, and for attainting them of high treo~ fin, in cafe they Jball land, or attempt to land, in Great Britain, or any of the dominions thereunto belonging; and for fufpending the ope-ration and cjfeft of a claufe in the aft of the Jeventh year of the late Queen Annc>for improving the union of the two kingdoms, relating to forfeituresfor high treafon, until after the deceafe of the fins of the faid pretender, committed before the faid twentieth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five.

LV. Alfo excepted out of this pardon, all offences of high - treafon and mifprifion of high treafon, committed at any time or times whatfoever by any perfon or perfons, who, after the faid firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and before the laid twentieth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, hath or have confpired, carried on, confented to, affined, or been concerned in any defign or pro-pofal for invading, or procuring an invafion of this realm, by the forces of the French King, or any other foreign force, or for raifing or carrying on a rebellion within the fame.

LVI. And ahb excepted out of this pardon, all and every offence and offences committed or done by any jefuit, femi-nary or other Romijb prieft whatfoever, contrary to the tenor or effe<5t of the ftatute, made in the twenty Teventh year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft againft jefuit s, feminary priefts, and other fuch like difobedient perfons, and all outlawries, proceedings, judgements, and executions for the fame offeneds, or any of them, and except all convi&ions of popifh recufants for, their recu&ncy, and the confequences thereof ; and all forfeitures of eftates, real and perfonal, given for fupporting fuperftitious ufes, mentioned in an a6t of the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, of glorious memory, intituled, An aft for appointing commiffionen n enquire of the eftates of certain traitors, and of poptjh recufants, and of eftates given to fuperftitious ufes, in order to raifi money out ef them fever ally for the ufe of the publicL

LVm. And

Digitized by Google

1747.3 Anno vicefimo Georgii II. c. 52.	1&3

LVIf. And alfo excepted all offences contrary to an a£t of parliament, made in the firft jear of the reign of his faid late iGeo. i.c.55. majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft to oblige papijls to regifter their names and real ejlates.

LVIII. And alfo excepted all contempts in caufes depending Contempts in on or before the twentieth day of June, in the year one thoufand courts of law, feren hundred and forty feven, in any court of law or equity, noin-per-or for non-performance of awards, or for non-payment of trofts, formance of given or awarded by fuch courts on or before the faid fifteenth awards, &c. day of June, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and all proceedings upon fuch contempts and fecurities taken thereon, and all ufnrpations and forfeitures of franchifes or offices, for which any profecution hath been commenced or begun fince the faid twentieth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and is on the faid fifteenth day of June depending and remaining to be profecuted.

LIX. And alfo excepted all contempts in any ecclefiaftical Contempts in court, in fuch caufes only that have been commenced for mat- ecclefiarfical tersof right, and not for corre&ion ; and alfo all contempts in courts ^miralty any court of admiralty, proceeding civilly and not criminally.

LX. And alfo excepted out of this adtof pardon, Charles earl Names of per-of Traquair, Alexander earl of Kellie, Robert Mac early, ftiling him- fons excepted, felfearl of C!ancarty,S\r James Steuart, baronet of Good Trees, Sir John Doughfs baronet. Sir James Harrington baronet. Sir James Campbell baronet of Aucbinbreck, otherwife Achinbreck\ S\r William Dunbar, baronet of Dum, Sir Alexander Bannerman of Elfick, baronet; Archibald Steuart, late provoft of Edinburgh; Peter Barry dodtor in phyfick, Thomas Blair of Glafclune, Alexander Blair writer in Edinburgh, Peter Byers, otherwife Byres of Tonlay, James Car-negie of Boy faci, Charles Cumming of KinnimWotherwife Kinni-mount, IVilliam Cumming the younger of Pitully, Roderick Chi-Jbolm of Comar in Strathglafs, Alexander Cameron of Dutigallon, fFiilkm Drummond of Bahaldie, otherwife Bohaldie, William Drummond of Callendar, James Frafer of Foyers, Simon Fraftr of Avochnacloy, John Frafer, AP Gelifpick, Hugh Frafer fon to Alexander Frafer of Leaf Clan, James Farquharfon, of Balmur-ral, otherwife Balmvrle, John Fullerton of Dudwick the younger,

John Dow Frafer of Little Garth, John Frafir of Browich, Tate fteward to lord Lovat; Thomas Frafer of Gortuleg, Alexander Ga-rioch of Margie, Arthur Gordon of Carnoujfe, George Gordon of Hawhead, otherwife Hallhead, John Gordon of Abachie, other-wife Abochie, James Gordon ot Gobardie, otherwife Ccbardie.

Francis Gordon of Mill of Kincardine, Robert Gordon of Logie the' younger, James Gordon of Glafrerum, otherwife Clafhtirum, Robert Graham of Garrick, Patrick Grant of Glenmorifon, John Graham of Kilmardinny, David Hunter of Burntfide, otherwife Burn-fie, John 'Holden, otherwife Haldane, otherwife Haldon, of Lan-rick, Alexander Haldett, otherwife Haldane, otherwife Haldon, fon to the faid John \ Andrew Hay, the younger of Ranus, other-wife Ranas \ Alexander Irvine of Drum, George Kelly, James Le-vijifane, otherwife Livingfton, late poftmaftcr of Falkirke; Cole,

N 4	Other-

Digitized by

184	Anno	vicefimo	GeoRGH II. c. 52,	[174).

otherwife Col Mc Donald of Bar if dale, Gregqr Af‘ Gregor, other-wife James Grteme, otherwife Graham of Glengyle Molcclm AP Leod of Rafa, Archibald Menzies of Seyan, otherwife Shim; Gilbert Menzies junior of Pitfoddles; Thomas Mercer merchant in Aberdeen, William Moir of Lone may, otherwife Longiwj, Barnes Moir of' Stony wood, Oeneas, otherwife Angus Mc Dopdi fate banker at Paris; James Mac Donald brother to Mac Dh nald of Kinloch Moidart, John Murray late clerk of the cuftom* at Alloa, Donald Mac Donald of Inverey, John Mac Donalds elder of Glengary, Alexander Mac Donald of Glenco, Robert Murray of Glen car nock, Thomas Ogilvie of Eaft Mill, Aim/t? der Ogilvie of Acheries, Thomas Ogilvie of Caul merchant 11) Dundee, John Riddle, otherwife Riddel of Grange, David Robert-fon of Eajlca Bleaton, George Robertfon of Fafkelly, James Robert-Jon of Blairfetty, Alexander Robertjon of Strouan, Duncan Robert-fon of Drummachean, Donald Smith merchant in Aberdeen, Dowd Smith of Inveramfay, Daniel Spalding otherwife Spaldane, of AJhentully, James Stirling of Craig Barnett, Charles Stuart of Baliachallan, David Stuart of Kinnachin, Robert Stuart of Jfiffi-harry, otherwife Killyhafly, John Turner the younger of Turner Ha!!, Alexander Thomfon, otherwife Thompfon of Fechfield, other-wife Fochfield, otherwife Fairfield: David Tulloch of Bugtm* otherwife Bugtoun, William Vaughan theyojngerof CcurthU, in the county of Monmouth; Andrew IVaucbop, otherwife War* cupp, of Nidrie, efquire j and Alexander White the younger A Ardlehill	1

Pro^efsof out- LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority belayed, un-a^orc^a^» That no procefs of outlawry, or any proceedings lets the defejy thereon, at the fuit of any perfon plaintiff, fhall be, by virtue dant putin of this pardon, ftayed or avoided, unlefs the defendant appear, bail, 6cc, and pUt jn where by law bail is neceflary. and take outa writ of feire facias againft the party, at whofe fuit he was outlawed ; and that this pardon be not allowed to difeharge any outlawry after judgment, till fatisfa&ion or agreement be made to, or with the party, at whofe fuit the outlawry was obtained, p^neraljflue. LXII. And it is further enacted by the authority aforclaid, That every perfon or perfons hereby pardoned, may plead the general iflue, without fpecial pleading of this pardon, and give this a Si of pardon in evidence for his difeharge ; and that the fame (hall be thereupon allowed, and advantage thereof had, as fully to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had bcenful-ly and well pleaded.

LXIII. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, That this prefent pardon (hall be of as good force and efitd, thlsad ° t0 Pan*on anc* discharge all and Angular the premifles above-'	*	' mentioned, and intended to be pardoned and discharged, as wdl

againft fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, as do or (hall claim the fame, by or under any letters patents, or leafe, or grant by the King’s majefty, or any his prcdecef* fors, as againft the King’s Majefty himfelf.

Am

Digitized by v^ooQle

174^*3 Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. i, 2

185

Anno vicefimo primo GEORGII II. Rzgis.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weftminfter,

the tenth day of November, Anno Domini one thou- . fand y	even hundred and forty	feven, in the twenty firfi year

0] the reign of our fovereign lord George the Second, by the grate of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. being the firfi feffton of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An aft for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Ma~ jefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the (ervice of the year one thoufand fcycn hundred and forty eight. EXP.

CAP. II.

Jn aft for granting to bis Majejiy a fubfidy of poundage upon all goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom: and for raiftng a certain fum of money by annuities and a lottery to be charged on the /aid fubfidy ; and for repealing fo much of an aft made in the twentieth year of bis prefent Majejiy's reign, as enafts, That prize goods and merchandize may be exported without paying any fhity of cuftom orexcife for the fame.	.

Mojl gracious Sovereign,	'

WE your Majefty's moft dutiful and feyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, for the better enabling your Majefty to defray the charge of this prefent war, ^nd for other your Majefty’s moft neceffary and important occafiops, have given and granted unto your Majefty the further fubfidies, rates, duties, and fums of money hereafter mentioned; and do humbly- befeech your Majefty that it may be enaded \ and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiepabled, and by the authorhy of the fame. That over and above all fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and over and Additional above all additional duties, impofitions, and other duties whatfo- 5*u^e°* ever,byanyotheradoradsofparliament,orotherwifehowfoeveronaU*1 already due and payable, or which ought to be paid to his Ma- goods import-his heirs or fucceflors, for or upon any goods or merchan- ed \ dizes, which, from and after the firft day of March, which jhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufend feven hundred

and

»

Digitized by Google

j86

as valued in the book of rates 12 Car. a., c. 4- and n Geo. i. c. 7.

Unrated Eaft India goods to pay 5!. per cent, on the grofs price.

Duties how to be levied, See.

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c, 2*	[1748,

and forty feven, (hall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, one further fubfidy of poundage of twelve pence in the pound (hall be paid to his Majesty, bis heirs or fucceffors, upon all manner of goods or merchandizes to be imported or brought into this realm, or any his Majesty’s dominions to the fame belonging, at anytime or times after the faid firft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, by the importer of futfh goods or merchandizes, before tnelanding thereof, according to the feveral particular rates and values of the fame goods and merchandizes, as the fame are now particularly and refocdivcly rated and valued, in the refpedive book of rates referred to by the ads of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and the eleventh year of his late Majefty, or by any other ad or ads of parliament; and fo after that rate or value, or which do now pay any duty ad Valorem.

II.	And whereas it may happen, that feveral goods and merciex-dizes may be imported by the Eaft India company, which are mtret-ed by any aft of parliament; be it enaded by the authority afore-faid, That all fuch unrated goods and merchandizes (hall paj the faid fubfidy of five per centum granted by this ad on the grofs price for which the goods (hall be fold at the candle, without any allowance or dedudion whatfoever; and that nothing in this ad (hall any ways alter the prefent method of computing the reduced value and duties at prefent payable upon unrated Eaft India goods, but the fame (hall be computed as if this prefent ad had never been made ; and the fubfidy hereby granted (hall be paid by the faid united Eaji India company, at the fame times as the other fubfidies on EaJl India goods imported bythe faid company are now due and payable; any law or cuftomto the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the fubfidy of poundage hereby granted, (hall be railed, levied, and colleded by the refpedive officers of his Majesty's cufroms in this kingdom, under the management anddire&ion of the refpedivecommiflioners of the cuftoms for the time being; and (hall be brought and paid, or anfwered, into the recciptof his Majesty’s exchequer, for the purpofes in this ad mentioned (fuch additional charge as (hall be neceflary for the management of this revenue only excepted) and that all and every theclaufes, powers, diredions, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things whatfoever contained in the (aid ad of the twelfth year of (he reign of King Charles the Second, or in any other laws orfta-tutes whatfoever now in force, for railing, levying, colleding, anfwering, and paying the fubfidy of tonnage and poundage thereby granted, (hall be applied, pradifed, and put into cxc-. cution, for the raifing, levying, fecuring, colleding, anfwering, and paying the fubfidy of poundage by this ad granted, as folly and effedually, to all intents, and purpofes, as if all and ever/ the faid claufes, powers, diredions, penalties and forfeitures,'

were

««7

174JJ Anno vicefuno primo GeorGH II. C. 2.

were particularly repeated and again enafted in the body of this pnefent aft. *

IV.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall Not to extend

extend, or be cjonftrued to extend, to any goods or merchan- 1^^d^ee1* dizes which were or are now allowed by the faid aft of the %*or to proj,i-twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, or any bited goods other aft or afts of parliament to be imported duty free, nor to imported by any prohibited goods or merchandizes which may be imported thelndiacom* by the united Eaji India company.	pany*

V.	Provided aifo, and it is the true intent and meaning of Allowance to this aft, That the importers of tobacco (hall, upon paying the importer down the fubfidy hereby granted, have the fame allowance with of tobacco, refpeft to this fubfidy, as they are intitled to by any law now in

force upon tobacco imported ; but in cafe the laid fubfidy hereby granted (hall not be paid down as aforefaid, then the faid ®?nd t0 bc importers (hall become bound to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc- S^Vnaent of cefibrs, with one or more fufficient fureties, to be approved of [he duty, by the collector of the port where the tobacco (hall be imported, with the content of the comptroller of fuch port, in one or more bond or bonds, at the eleftion of the importer, for payment of the faid fubfidy within eighteen months, to commence at the end of thirty days after the mailer’s report of the (hip, or to commence from the merchant’s entry of the goods within thofe thirty days, which (hall firft happen ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared Drawback al-by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where any goods or lowed upon merchandizes, that have paid the fubfidy hereby granted, (hall exportation

at any time or times be again exported by any merchant or mer- within 3 ycars chants, within three years from the importation thereof, the fubfidy by this aft granted/a^d which (hall have been aftually paid for fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes, (hall without any delay or reward, be repaid unto fuch merchant or merchants, who (hall export the fame, or the fecurity vacated j except for (uch Exception, goods or merchandizes, as by any former aft or afts of parliament it is declared no drawback (hall be paid or allowed upon exportation, and except as is herein after excepted in relation to prize goods.

Vil. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Drawback on That for every hundred weight of fugar imported into Great Brt- 3s Jhun-tm, after the faid firft day of Marcl), one thoufand feven hun- drc^ we,£ht dred and forty feven, and refined there (and fo in proportion for fined fnCJrcat a greater or leffer quantity) that (hall be exported out of this Britain, and kingdom, after the faid firft day of Marche one thoufand feven exported, &c. hundred and forty feven, during the continuance of this aft, ther'e (hall be repaid at the cuftom houfe to the exporter, within thirty days after the demand thereof, the fum of three (hillings, over and above the prefent bounties; oath being firft made by the refiner, that the fugar fo exported, was produced from brown and mufeovada fugar, charged by this aft, and that as he verily believes the fame was imported from his Majesty’s

Digitized by boogie

188	Anno	vicefimb	primo	GeoRGII II. d. i.

plantations in America, and the duty duly paid at the time of the importation thereof, the exporter making oath, that the fame was duly exported, and his Majesty’s fearcher alfo certifying the (hipping thereof, and all other requifites bang performed according to the refpeftive books of rates.

Part of 10 VIII. And whereas by an aft of parliament made and paflidintlt Geo, t. c. 4.5. twentieth year of his Mayfly's reign (intituled An aft to continue repealed. feveral laws relating to the manufaftufes of fail cloth and filk;

to give further time for the payment of duties, omitted to be paid for the indentures or contrafts of clerks and apprentices, and for better fecuring the payment of the (aid duties; and declaring that prize (hips lawfully condemned, (hall be deemed, Britijh-built (hips: and for allowing prize goods to be landed and fecured in proper warehoufes, without payment of any duty, until it can be determined whether they are fit for exportation or home confu motion) it was amongft other things a* aftedy That all goods and merchandizes that then had been or JbsulL, during the continuance of the prefent war with France or Spain, k taken from his Majeflys enemieSy and landed from any flip or vijfd, in any port within the kingdom of Great Britain, after being ye ft to the feveral rules and reflriftions prescribed and mentioned in the faid aft% might be exported again to foreign parts, by the copters or other owners thereof \ without being liable to or paying anydutjtf cuflom or excife for the famey as by the faid at7, relation being thm-unto hady will more fully and at large appear: be it therefore cn-afted by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid ad as relates to the nonpayment of the faid duties of cuftom or ex--cife on prize goods or merchandizes lodged in warehoufes, and fo exported as aforefaid, (hall, from and after the firft day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, be, and &o drawback ls hereby repealed and made void ; and that the fubfidy hereby allowed on granted (hall not be drawn back, on the exportation of any exportation of prize goods or merchandizes taken by any of his Majesty’s (hips prize goods. or veffejs 0f war. ally thing in the faid recited aft, or any other aft or afts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

Books to be IX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, keptfor enter- That there (hall be provided and kept in the office of theaudi-ing the mo- tor 0f the receipt of exchequer at IVeftminflery a book or books, bytMwdfm m which all the monies hereby appointed to be paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparateand apart from all other monies paid or payable there to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money fo appointed to be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be the yearly fund for the feveral purpofes herein after mentioned.

Appropriati- X. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That pn of the du- all and every the annuities which by this aft (hall be granted *1C|?	and made payable, in refpeft of the principal fum of fix milli-

ons three hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed in mannerand form as is herein after direfted ; as alfo the additional capital of ten pounds it] lottery tickets, herein after direfted to he added

tQ

Digitized by GooQle

l	Anno yiccfimo primo Ge<d*gii II. c. zl	%84

to rvcry One hundred pounds, advanced towards railing the fat'd fumoffix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, until redemption thereof by parliament, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the feveral fubfidies, rates, and duties by this ad granted to his Majesty; and the faid feveral fubfidies, rates, and duties (hall be, and are hereby appropriated for that pur-pofe accordingly.

XI.	And whereas feveral perfonSy natives and foreigners, bodies politick and corporate, have fubfcribed and agreed to advance the faid	'

fum of fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, for the publick 1 Jirvice, for the purchafe of annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum ; and the laid fubfcribers or contributors havey in purfuance of a refolution of the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled, depofited with and paid to the firji or chief 1afbier or cajhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time beings the fum of ten pounds per centum in part of the principal fiums by them refpeftively fubfcribed as aforefaid \ and have alfo paid to the faid cajbier or cajhiers the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven 5 and have alfo advanced and paid feveral other fums of money to the faid cajbier or cajhiers, by	*

virtue and in purfuance of the faid refolutionsy in further part of the faid fum of fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, and are dcfirous to pay the remaining principal Jums by them fubfcribed as eforejaidy at Juch times, and in fuch manner, as are herein after appointed in that behalf; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all ana Contributors every fuch contributor or contributors, who have already de- who have paid pofited with, or paid to the faid cafhier or cafhiers of the faid t^° governor and company of the bank of England, the faid two mainderinthe feveral and refpeftive fums of ten pounds per centum, or other proportions fums of money, in part of the faid fum of fix millions three limited, hundred thoufand pounds as aforefaid, to advance and pay unto the faid cafhier or cafhiers, at or before the refpeftive days or times, and in the proportions herein after by this aft limited in that behalf, the remaining principal fums by them fubfcribed towards the faid fum of fix millions three nundred thoufand pounds, for the purchafe of any certain annuity or annuities, to commence from the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, which Annuities to (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred commence and forty eight, and to be paid and payable to fuch contributor from Ml£harf' or contributors, or fuch as he, (he, or they (hall nominate his,ma*174 * her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, or affigns re-fpe&ively, in manner herein after mentioned ; which annuities before mentioned (hall be computed at the rate of four pounds at 4.L per, per centum for every one hundred pounds, and proportionably cent. for any greater or leis fum fo to be advanced and paid; and the remaining purchafe money for every fuch. annuity, at the rate aforefaid, is hereby appointed to be paid unto the faid cafhier or calhiers aforefaid, at or before the refpeftive days or times herein after limited r. that is to fay. The fum of ten pounds per

- ... centum>	1

Digitized by (^.ooQle

X9<>	Anno	vicefimo	primo Georgii II. c. 2.	(1748.

Times of ad- untumy part thereof, on or before the twenty feventh day of Ft* vancing the lruaryy one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven 5 the fum um*“	of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the

twenty fourth day of March, then next enfuing $ the fum of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty fecond day of April, then next enfuing; the fum of ten pounas. per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty fourth day of May, then next enfuing 5 the fum of ten pounds Per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty firft day of June, then next enfuing; the fum of ten pounds per ccntm, other part thereof, on or before the twenty firft day of July, then next enfuing; the fum of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty third day of Augujl, then next enfuing; and the remaining fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twentieth day of September, then next following: all which annuities, fo to be purchased, (hall be paid and payable at two of the moft ufual feafts or days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the feafts of the annunciation of the bided virgin Mary, and of Saint Michael the archangel, by even and r	equal portions, or within fix days after every of the faid feaft

Firittftyrnent days; the firft payment thereof to be due and payable at the feaft *5 March,	Qf ^ annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary, which (hall be in

,749*	the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty nirtf,

or within fix days after the faid feaft day: neverthelefs the faid annuities (hall be redeemable according to the purport and true Cafluer of the meaning of a provifo or condition herein after mentioned in that receipts.^*V‘C	and not otherwife; and the faid caftiier or caftiiers of

p * the faid governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, is and are hereby authorized and required forthwith to give receipts in writing, figned by himfelf or themfclves, to fuch contributor or contributors, for all fums of money by them depofited with, or paid unto ftich caftiier or cafhiers before the pafling of this a St; as alfo for fuch other fum or fums The receipts ©f money as (hall hereafter be advanced or paid to him or them able*	by any (uch contributors or payers thereof; which receipts (hall

be aflignable by indorfement thereupon made, at any time be-Cathier to give fore the twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven bun-fecurity. dred and forty eight, and no longer; and the faid caftiier or caftiiers are hereby required to give fecurity to the good liking of any three or more of the eommiftioners of the treafury now being, or of the high treafurcr, or eommiftioners of the treafury for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, all the monies which he or they have already received by way of depofite, or otherwife, or (hall hereafter receive, from time to time, of or for the faid fum not exceeding fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, as fail as he or they (hall receive the fame, or any part thereof, and to account for all the monies fo to be advanced and paid to him or them, in his Majeft/s court of exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof.

Caflnertogive XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the notes for de- (aid caftiier or caftiiers (hall, and they arc hereby authorized ind

required

%

174^3 Anno vicefimo prirno Georgii II. c. 2.	191

required to give a note or writing, figned by him or them, to livery of a fuch contributor or contributors, obliging himfelf or themfelves ticket in the to deliver fo fuch contributor or contributors, or their afligns,	for

a ticket in the lottery herein after mentioned, of the value of fj^ibed, ten pounds, by way of additional capital, for every one hun-	*

dred pounds by them refpedlively fubferibed towards railing the faid ium of fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, for the purpofes aforefaid, as foon as the managers and dire&ors, to be appointed for preparing and delivering out the faid tickets in the faid lottery, (hall deliver to the faid cafhier or cafhiers the books comprehending the faid tickets 5 which faid additional capital in tickets, as aforefaid, amounting in the whole to the fum of fix hundred and thirty thoufand pounds, (hall be attended with annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum which »to pcrannum> and (hall be charged upon, and paid out of the faid carry 41, per feveral fubfidies, rates, and duties by this a*S granted, at the cent'lntcreit* fame half-yearly feaft days, and in the fame manner, as the annuities herein before made payable, in refpedt of the faid principal fum of fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, are to be paid and payable, and fubject alfo to the fame provifo of redemption as is herein after contained in that behalf; and the faid notes or writings, to be figoed and delivered by the faid cafhier or cafhiers to the faid contributor or contributors, as aforefaid* fhall be aflignable by endorfement thereupon, made at any time before the faid twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, and no longer.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Cafhier to pay That the faid calhier or cafhiers (hall, and they are hereby au- the moniesin-thorized and required to pay into the faid receipt of exchequer,to the cxchc’ not only all fuch fum and fums of money, as have already been <*ucr* depofited with, or paid to them, by the faid contributor or contributors, towards railing the faid fum of fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, but alfo all fuch further fum or fums of

money as fhall be hereafter paid into their hands, at the refpec* tive days or times herein before limited and appointed for payment thereof, as fall as he or they fhall receive the lame} and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of Treafury to his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, nPP1>r th* mo* or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffi- "emce*1 voted oners of the treafury for the time being, from time to time, to by parliament, iffue and apply all luch fum or fums of money as fhall be fo paid into tbe faid receipt, by the faid cafhier or cafhiers, towards the faid fum of fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, to fuch fervices as fhall then have been voted by the faid commons of Great Britain in this feffion of parliament.

XIV.	And it is hereby enabled. That in the office of the ac- Contributors

conjptant general of the governor and company of the bank of names, &c to England for the time being, there fhall be provided and kept a ** entered in book or books, in which there fhall be fairly entered tbe names	£ccomct-

of all who fhall be the contributors for fuch annuities, after the	genera! of

rate of four pounds per centum per annum as aforefaid, and of the bank.

Digitized by (^.ooQle

Duplicate to be transmitted into the auditor’s office.

The monies appropriated to payment of the annuities,

i

192	Anno	vicefimo	primo Georgii It. c. U £174#,

all perfons by whofe hands the faid contributors (hall pay in any of the faid fums upon this aeft, and alfo the fums fo.paid; and it .(hall and may be lawful for the faid refpe&ive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afligns, from time to time, and at all feafonable times, to have refort to, and in-fpedt the faid book or books without any fee or charge; and the faid accomptant general for the time being, (hall, on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, tranfmit an attefted duplicate fairly written on paper, of the (aid book or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XV.	And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every contributor and contributors upon this adt, duly paying the whole confideration or purchafe money, at the rate aforefaid, at or before the refpedtive days and times in this ad limited in that behalf, for fuch annuity or annuities as aforefaid, or fuch as he, (he, or they (hall appoint, his, her, or their re-fpedtive executors, adminiftrators, (ucceflbrs, and afligns, dull have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this ad, to have, receive, and enjoy, the refpedtive annuity and annuities fo to be purchafed, together with the annuity or annuities made payable by this adt, in refpedt to the faid additional capital as aforefaid, out of the monies by this adt appropriated or appointed for payment thereof as aforefaid, and (hall have good and fure eftates and interefts therein for ever, fubjedt only to the provifo or condition of redemption, in this adt afterwards con-free (tom	tained concerning the fame* and that all the feveral and refpec-

taxes.	tive annuities, payable in purfuance of this adt, after the rate

of four pounds per centum per annum, on all and every the principal fums for which the fame are payable, (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever.

Contributors XVI. And it is hereby provided and enadted by the authority to be allowed aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall be-sl per cent, come interefted in, or intitled unto any annuity or annuities, part of the faid fum of (ix millions tnree hundred thoufand pounds fubferibed for in purfuance of this adt, who (hall, before the paffing of this adt, have advanced or paid, or (hall hereafter advance and pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, the whole, or any part of the remaining purchafe-money, payable in refpedt thereof, at or before any of the refpedtive days or timfes herein limited or appointed for payment thereof, fuch perfon or perfons (hall be allowed intereft after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for all and every fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be fo advanced and pain to fuch cafhier or cafhicrs, by any fcich contributors as aforefaid, to be computed from the day on which fuch adtual payment (hall have been made, to Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight; and the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury,oc any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of thetreafury forthe time being, are hereby authorized and required to caufe the faid

intereft

Digitized by v^ooQle

1748.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. *.	193

inttreft to be paid upon fuch refpe&ive fums, as (hall be fo advanced accordingly, out of the monies to be contributed in pur- The annuities fuance of this adt; and in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons (hall to be transfer-compleat the payment of the whole purchafe money, payable thfll for any fuch annuities, he, (he, or they (hall have fuch refpec-tive fums, as they (hall become interested in, or intitled unto, forthwith placed to the credit of the faid contributors, and made transferable in the books of the bank of England, by this adt appointed to be kept for that purpofe.

XVII.	Provided, That in Cafe any fuch contributors as a- Contributors

forefaid, who have already depofited with, or paid to the faid who hav* Pai<* cafhier or cafhiers any fum or fums of money at the times, and	good

in the manner before-mentioned, in part of his, her, or their the whole# purchafe-money, or his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or afligns, do not advance and pay to the faidcalhief

or cafhiers the fum of ten pounds per centum, in further part of his, her, or their confideration-money, fo to be paid for fuch refpe&ive annuity or annuities as aforefaid, on or before the twenty feventh day of February, one thoufand (even hundred and forty feven; and the fum of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty fourth day of March then next enfuing ; and the fum of ten pounds per centum,, other part thereof, on or before the twenty fecond day of April then next enfuing; and the fum of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty fourth day of May then next enfuing; and the fum of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty firft day of June then next enfuing; and the fum of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty firft day of July then next enfuing; and the fum of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty third day of Auguft then next enfuing; and the remaining fum of ten pounds per centum, on dr before the twentieth day of September then next following; then, and t0 forfeit what in every fuch cafe refpedtively, fo much of the confideration- has been paid money as (hall have been actually paid in part thereof only, to the faid caihier or calhiers, for fuch refpedtive annuity, (hall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; any thing in this adl contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And whereas it is intended, That even contributor of the fum of one hundred pounds, towards raiftng the faid fum of fix mil* lions three hundred thoufand pounds, Jball have and be intitled unto an additional capital of ten pounds in a lottery ticket, which tickets are to be prepared^ and the lottery to be drawn, in manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch perfons as the commiflioners of his Ma- Treafdry to jefty’s treafuiy, or any three or more of them now being, or appoint mana-die high trealurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners Ser3 *** of the treafury for the time being, (hall nominate or appoint, lottery*

(hall be managers and directors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to overfee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform fuch other matters and things as are hereafter in Vol. XIX,	O	and

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 2.	[*748*

and by this a ft directed and appointed by fuch manager* an$ directors to be done and performed; and that fuch manager Managers to and diredore (hall meet togetheFi from time to time, at,fame fb?Ce togc^bcr ^publick office or place for the execution of the powers and trufts their*powersf *n t*lcm rcP°fed by this aA; and that the faid managers or directors, or fo many of them as (hall be prefent at any fuch meeting, or the major part of them, (hall caufe books to be pre-Method of the p^ed, in which every leaf (hall be divided or diftinguithed into totter/ books. tjiree columns, and upon the innermoft of the faid three columns there (hall be printed iixty three thoufand tickets, &c.

* Eight thoufand feven hundred and fifty tickets (hall be fortunate, three of them ten thoufand pounds principal, four five thoufand pounds, fern two thoufand pounds, nineteen one thoufand pounds, thirty nine fire hundred pounds, one hundred and feventy one one hundred pounds,four hundred and forty two fifty pounds, eight thoufand and iixty five twenty pounds ; which fums, with nve hundred pounds to the firft drawn ticket, and one thoufand pounds to the laft drawn, will amount to three bun* dred and four thoufand and five hundred pounds; which being added to three hundred twenty five thoufand and five hundred pounds, the principal payable on the remaining fifty four thoufand two hundred and fifty blank tickets, fix pounds each, amount to fix hundred and thirty thoa-fand pounds; to be converted into annuities in refpeft of the lottery. Time and place of drawing the lottery. Prizes to be entered in a book. A lilt of the prizes to be printed. Counterfeiting of tickets, certificate*, or the numbers of them, felony. a Perfons felling (bares in tickets of which they are hot poflefled to forfeit 500I. The tickets to be exchanged for certificates. EXP.	*

XXXI. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, Accomptant That the faid accomptant general of the bank of England for the general to time being, to whom the faid certificates are to be direAed as give credit for aforefaid, (hall. Upon receiving and taking in the faid certificates, the fums nam- or any of them, give credit to the perfons named, in the time J^cates* ccr~ book or books, to be by him provided and kept for that purpofe, ca * for the principal fums contained in every fuch certificate; and which maybe the perfons to whofe credit fuch principal fums (hall be entered transferred, in the faid book or books, his, her, or their executors and ad-mi niftrators (hall and may have power to aflign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other per-fon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in other books, to be prepared and kept by the faid accomptant general and carry 4 per for that purpofe; and the principal fums fo affigned or trans-eent. intereft. ferred, (hall carry the faid annuity of four pounds per centum per annum, and (hall be taken and deemed to be (lock transferable by this aA, according to the powers and authorities herein after mentioned, until the redemption thereof as aforefaid; and the Certificates to ^ai<* accotnptant general of the bank of England tor the time be-be cancelled, ing, is hereby authorized and direAed to cancel and file the cer-and notes	tificates, as they (hall from time to time be received and taken in

given.	by him, and to give the perfons bringing in the fame a note un-

der his hand, testifying the principal money for which they thail have credit in the (aid book or books, by reafon or means of the certificates fo received, taken in, and cancelled as aforefaid, and of the annuities attending the lame.

XXXII. And

Digitized by

Google

* 95

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii IL c.2.’

XXXn. And for the more eafy and fure payment of the fe-Veral and refpedive annuities/ amounting to fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, by this act authorized to be pur-chafed as afotefaid* as alfo of tne feveral annuities payable in re-fped of the faid additional capital, by way of lottery as afore-faid; it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, (hall from time to time, until the faid feveral and refpedive annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, (hall be redeemed according to this ad, ap- Ca/hier and point and employ one or more fufficient perfon or perfons with- ^leraltcTbe in their office in the city of London, to be their chief or firft appointed, cafhier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon, within the fame office, to be their accomptant general; and that fo much of the monies, from time to time arifing into the faid receipt of the exchequer, for the faid fubfidies, rates, and duties by this act appropriated for this purpofe, as (hall be fufficient, from time to time, to anfwer the faid feveral and refpedive annuities, and other payments direded to be paid and difeharged out of the fame, (hall, by order of the commiffioners of the trealury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury of his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpedive half yearlyfeaft days, or days of payment, in this ad before appointed for payment thereof, be iflfued and Monies for paid at the faid receipt of exchequer, to the faid firft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the be^Jfucjdfroni bank of England, and their fucceflors for the time being, by way the exebe-of impreft, and upon account for the payment as well of the faid quer, feveral and refpedive annuities to be purchafed upon this ad, as of the annuities payable in refped of the faid additional capital by way of lottery, at fuch times, and in fuch manner and form, as are by this ad preferibed in that behalf; and that all and every fuch cafhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid monies (hall from time to time be iflued, (hall from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his account thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer \ any thing herein contains! to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIII.	And it is hereby alfo enaded, That the faid ac- Accomptant comprartt general for the time being, (hall, from time to time, general to in-infped and examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier iped the ca-or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to &,.crs rc* prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay $ and that all and cc,pts' every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who fhall be intitled to any Annuities to of the faid feveral and refpedive annuities, after the rate of four b* 3 Phonal pounds per centum per annum, and all perfons lawfully claiming e atc* c* under them, (hall be pofiefied thereof as of a perfonal eftate, and the fame (hall not be defcendible to the heir, and fhall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or

O 2	Other-

Digitized by LjOOQle

The monies contributed to be a joint ftock, &c.

and transfer-raWe.

Book to be kept for transfers,

tobefigned by the parties transferring and accepting.

Annuities de-vifable by will, &c.

The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities.

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 2.	[1748,

otherwife; any law, ftatutc, or cudom to the contrary not* withftanding.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid, That all the monies to be advanced or contributed, or to which any perfon or perfons (hall become entitled to upon this ad, for or towards the faid fum not exceeding fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, together with the additional capital by way of lottery, (hall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one capital or joint dock, on which the (aid feveral and refped-ive annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, (hall be attending; and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money by him, her, or them advanced, or to which they (hall become in-titled as aforefaid, upon this alt, (hall have, and be deemed to have a proportional intered and (hare in the faid dock, and in the annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid; and that the faid whole capital or joint dock, or any (hare or intereft therein, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, (hall be aflignable and transferable as this a£t direfts, and not other-wife ; and that there (hall condantly be kept at all feafonable times, in the office of the faid accomptant general for the time being, within the city of London, a book or books, wherein all affignments or transfers of the faid whole capital or joint dock, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuities attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid, (hall be entered and regidered; which entries (hall be conceived in proper words for that pur-pofe, and (hall be (igned by the parties making fuch affignments or transfers; or if fuch parties be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be atteded by two or more credible witnefles; and that the perfon or perfons, to whom fuch transfer (hall be made, do underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of affigning or transferring the faid dock, and the annuities attending the fame,* or any part thereof, or any intered therein, (hall be good or available in law.

XXXV.	Provided always. That any perfon or perfons pof* fefled of fuch dock, with the annuity or annuities attending the fame, or any edate or intered therein, may devife the fame by will, in writing, atteded by two or more credible witnefles; but that fuch devifee (hall receive no payment thereupon, till fo much of the faid will, as relates to the faid dock or annuity, be entered in the faid office; and in default of fuch transfer or devife, the faid dock and annuities attending the fame, (hall go to the executors or adminidrators; and that no damp duties whatfoever (hall be charged on the faid transfers, or any of them; any other law or datute to the contrary notwithdanding.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, .That the faid governor ana company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors (notwithdanding the redemption of all or any their own funds, in purfuance of the

*	for

Digitized by Google

*97

*74®*] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 2.

for cftabli(hing the fame, or any of * them) (hall continue a corporation, with all the powers, privileges, and advantages thereunto belonging, for tne purpofes in this aft exprefled, till all the annuities to be purchafed on this aft (hall be redeemed by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf; and the faid governor and company, or any members thereof, (hall not incur any dilability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this aft.

XXXvIL And it is hereby enafted by the authority'afore- n0fee for laid. That no fee or gratuity whatfoever, (hall be demanded or payment of taken of any of his Majesty’s fubjefts, for receiving or paying contribution-the faid contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any tallies moneJr* or for or receipts concerning the fame, or for iffuing the monies for paying the faid fevcraJ annuities, or any of them; and that no transfers, fee or gratuity (hall be demanded or taken for any transfer, of any fum great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this aft; upon pain that any officer or perfon offending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this aft, (hall forfeit p . the fum of twenty ppunds to the party grieved, to be recovered ren ^ with full cofts of fuit, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeftminfter\

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the au- xreafury to thority aforefaid. That the commiffioners of the treafury, or pay the char-any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or ges of this aft any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the °.ut °*thc du* time being, (hall have power, and they are hereby authorized outties*

of the faid feveral fubfidies, rates, and duties by this aft granted and appropriated as aforefaid, to difcharge all fuch incident charges, as (hall neceflarilv attend the execution of this aft, in fuch manner, as to them (nail feem juft and reafonable; and al- and appoint Co to fettle and appoint fuch allowances, out of the contributions (alancs for the to the annuities granted by this aft as aforefaid, as they (hall think juft and reafonable, for the fervice, pains, and labour of0 the camier or cathiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving and accounting for the faid contributions ; and alfo fuch further allowances (out of the faid fubfidies, rates, and duties by this aft appropriated) as they (hall think juft and reafonable, for receiving, paying, and accounting for, the feveral and refpeftive annuities, payable in refpeft thereof; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the accomptant general of the faid governor and company, for performing the duty and truft incumbent on him by this aft; all which allowances hereby impowered to be made as aforefaid, in refpeft of the fervice, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, (hall be for the ufe and benefit of the (aid governor and company, and at their difpofal only ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIX.	And it is hereby enafted by the authority afore- Deficiencies to faid. That if at any time or times the produce of the faid feve- be made good, ral fubfidies, rates, and duties (hall happen to be fo low or deficient as that the monies arifing therefrom into the exchequer,

O	3	(hall

Digitized by

Google

198	Anno vicefimo prirno Georgii II. c.21 f 174$.

(hall not be fufficient to pay and difcharge the feveral and re^ fpeftive annuities, and other charges directed to be paid thereout, at any or either of the refpeftive half-yearly days of payment, at which the fame are hereby directed to be paid, then, and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fuch deficiency or deficiencies (hall and may be fupplied out of the overplus monies, that (hall or may happen to arife and be paid into the exchequer in any of the lubfequent half years, as the faid refpeftive annuities (hall, from time to time, become due and payable$ and in cafe fuch overplus monies (hall not be fufficient to fatisfy the deficiencies hereby intended from time to time to be paid thereout, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the deficiencies fo from time to time happening, (hall, from time to time, be anfwered and made good by and out of the firft fupplies which (hall be granted in parliament next after fuch deficiencies (hall appear; and in cafe no fuch fupplies (hall be granted within fix months next after fnch deficiencies (hall happen, then the fame (hall be made good out of any of the monies which at any time or times (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furpluffes, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund, (except fuch monies of the fame finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former aft or afts of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be from time to time i(fued and applied accordingly ; and if at any time or times before any monies of the faid fubhdies, rates, and duties hereby granted (hall be brought into the exchequer as aforefaid, there (hall happen to be a want of money for paying the feveral annuities aforefaid, which (hall be aftually incurred and grown due at any of the faid half-yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then, and in every fuch % cafe, the money fo wanted (hall and may be fupplied out of the monies of the (aid finking fund (except as before excepted) and be ifiued accordingly.

XL. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-forefaid. That whatfoever monies (hall be fo ifiued out of the faid finking fund, (hall from time to time be replaced by and out of the firft fupplies, to be then after granted in parliament.

XL1. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-forcfaid. That in cafe there (hall be any furplus or remainder of the monies arifing by the faid feveral fubfidies, rates, and duties, after the faid feveral and refpeftive annuities, and other payments or charges by this aft direfted to be paid thereout, and all arrears thereof are fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be re-fcrved for that purpofe, fuch furplus or remainder (hall, from time to time, be referved for the difpofition of parliament, and (hall not be ifiued but by the authority of parliament, and as (hall be direfted by any future aft or afts of parliament ; any thing in this, or any former or other aft or afts of parliament notwithftanding.

Claufe of re- XLII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted by the afttho-demptipn. rity aforclaid, That at any time upon -one year's notice to be

printed

6

Digitized by Google

Sinking fund to be replaced

Surplus monies bow to be applied.

I74&] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 3.	199

prated in the London Gazette and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by authority of parliament, at any of the half-yearly fcaft days, tor payment of the faid feveral and r,efpedive annuities, and upon repayment by parliament, of the principal fum of fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, and alfo upon payment of the faid additional capital of fix hundred and thirty thoufand pounds, amounting together to the principal fum of fix millions nine hundred and thirty thoufand pounds, for which the faid refpedive annuities are payable to fuch refpedive perfons or corporations, as (hall be intitled to the fame annuities, and alfo upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame annuities y then, and not till then, the faid refpedive annuities (hall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed5 and from and after fuch redemption, the monies arifing from the faid feveral fubfidies, rates, and duties by this ad granted as aforefaid, (hall not be iflued or applied to any ufe or purpofe, but as (hall be direded by any future ad or ads of parliament $ any thing in this, or any former ad or ads of parliament to the con* trary notwithftanding $ and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons fignified by the Speaker in writing, to be in-ferted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange of London as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be fuf-ficient notice within the words and meaning of this ad.

XLIII. And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued, moleftea, and pro-fecuted for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this ad, or any theclaufes therein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the genera! iflfue, and give this ad, and the fpe-cial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if afterwards a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his or their adion, or be noofuited, or judgement (hall be given him or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall Treble cofts. have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. III.

An all to revive and make perpetual two alts of parliament, one made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late maje-fly King George the Firjt, intituled, An aft to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrefts , and the other made in the fifth year of bis prefent Majefty's reign, to explain, amende and render more effeliual the faid alt.

WHEREAS great benefit hath accrued to this kingdom by an

alt of parliament, pajfed in the twelfth year of the reign ^iiGco*lc,19» his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An ad to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrefts, which ivas to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfton of parliament; and which by another alt ?Geo.*.c.*7* mode in the fifth year of bis prefent Majefty s reign, was explained,5 V

O 4	amend-

Digitized by Google

*0$	Anno	vicefimo primoGEORGii II. €.4,-9.	ft$#«

amended, and rendered more ejfeftuaU and further continued forth term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next ftf-fion of parliament; which faid aft, fo amended and explained, wot, by a claufe in an aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of bit '	prefent Majejly, continued until the firft day of June, one tboufani

feven hundred and forty feven; which faid aft to paffed in the twelfth year of his faid fat& Majejly s reign, and alfo the faid aft for explaining and amending the fame, paffed in the fifth year xf bis pre-Jent Majejly's reign, are now expired5 be it therefore enailed by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal/and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, The faid aito That the faid adt paffed in the twelfth year of his late Majefty’s revived, and reign, together with the faid adl which paffed in the fifth year of made perpe- bis prefent Majefly’s reign, explaining, amending, and rcfndcring *u*|.	more	effeSual	the	fame,	(hall	be, and are by virtue of this ad re-

vived, and (hall be in force, from and after the fourteenth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, for ever,

CAP. IV.

An ait to prohibit ajTurance on (hips belonging to France, and on mer* chandizes or effects laden thereon, during the prefent war with France.

Aflurance on (hips or merchandizes belonging to France, prohibited dur. ing the prefent war ; and contrails for fuch policies declared void.' 500I penalty on perfons making aflurance on French (hips or effeits. Exp.

CAP. V.

An ail for repairing the high road from the town of Bowes, in the coon-tv of York, to Barnard Caftle, in the county of Durham, and from tnence through Sraindrop to Newgate in Bifliop Aukland, and from Newgate along Gibb Chair to Gayndlefs Bridge, and from thence by Melderfton Gill, otherwife Conndon Gill, to the turnpike road neir Sunderland Bridge, in the county of Durham.

Certain tolls granted for it years, Sec.

CAP. VI.

An ail for punifliing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. Exp.

CAP. VII.

An ail for granting an aid to his Majefly by a land tax to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight. EXP. At 4s. in the pound.

CAP. VIII.

An ail for impowering George Montgomerie, and Thomas Byrd, tf-quires, and Ezra Patching, to complete an undertaking, for fumiflnng the inhabitants of the feveral pariflies and places of Stratford, Wet-ham, Bromley, Bow, Mile-End, Stepney, and other pariflies and plac« adjacent with water j and for better fecuring their property in fuanm-dertaking.

CAP. IX.

An ail to indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify thcmfelm for offices and employments within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpofe. EXP.

Further time to a 8 Nov. 1748, allowed to perfons who have omitted to ora-}ify themfelves. Noqe to be rellored to places already avoided b/ judgement, or Ailed up.

CAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

201

174$.J*	Anno vicefimo primoGEORGli II. c. io.

CAP. X.

An aB for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an aBpaJfed in the lajt fejjttm of parliament, intituled, An aft for repealing feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights *, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights, and for raifing the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the fakl rates or duties.

WHEREAS by an aB of parliament made and pajfed in the 20 Geo. 2. c.j.

twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled,

An aft: for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and for railing the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties) it was tnattedy That there Jhould be charged, raifedy levied, and paid unto bis Majejly, his heirs and fuccejforsy the feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lightr, in the faid aB mentioned; and divers pro-vifions were made, and direBions given by the faid aB, for tbeajfef-fwgy raifing, colleBingy levying, and paying of the feveral rates and duties thereby granted: and whereas doubts have arifen concerning the conJlruBion of the faid aB; and the provifions made thereby for the ajfejfingy chargings raifmgy and paying of the faid rates and duties have proved inejfeBual to anfwer the purpofes intended by the faid aB; and the times appointed oy the faid aB for bearing and determining of appeals have been found to be inconvenient: therefore, for the obviating and removing of all doubts, and to the end that the faid rates and duties may for the future be rated, aflef-fed, and raifed in one uniform and equal manner throughout Great Britain ; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by»and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after Windows in the twenty fifth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and houfes conti-forty eight, every kitcheh, fcullery, buttery, pantry, larder, l^'ne^from walnhoufe, laundry, bakehoufe, brewhoufe, and lodging-room the dwellingbelonging to, or occupied with any dwelling-houfe, whether the houfe, to be fame (hall or (hall not be within, or contiguous to, or disjoined charged, from the body of fuch dwelling-houfe, (hall be deemed and taken to be part of fuch dwelling-houfe; and all windows or lights therein (hall be accordingly charged with the rates and duties granted by the faid aft.

II.	And whereas doubts have been raifedy whether Jky-lightSy or windows or lights in flair-cafe Sy garretSy cellarSy pajfagesy andfome other parts of dwelling-houfes9 are chargeable with the faid taXy by virtue of the faid aB; be it declared and enafted by the autho- Sky lights to rity aforefaid, That (ky-lights, and windows or lights in the faid be charged.

places,

/

Digitized by v^ooQle

act

Fenalty on commiflioners acting, who are not qualified.

ao Geo. c. c. 3. f. 8. Power given to the com-mi flioners to enlarge or abate the af-feAments, repealed.

A ffe Aments delivered to the commif-fioners not to be altered, but upon hearing on a general appeal-day.

Surveyors to certify,by way of furcharge, houfes ana windows omitted in the current year.

Notice to be given to the occupiers, and 1 be commif-f oners to rectify the afleff-meats*

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 10.	[1748,

places, and in all other parts of dwelling-houfes, to what ufcor purpofe foever appHed, were, are, and (hall be deemed to be chargeable with the faid duties.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority afordaii That no perfon who now is, or hereafter (hall be named orap-pointed a commiflioner for putting in execution any ad of parliament for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, (hall ad as a commiflioner for putting in execution the powers granted by .the faid ad, or this pre-fent ad, for raifmg the faid duties upon houfes, windows, or lights, unlefs fuch perfon (hall be duly qualified to ad as a commiflioner for putting any fuch ad in execution, on pain of forfeiting, for every fuch ading, the fura of twenty pounds, to be levied as other penalties and forfeitures are by this ad direded to be levied.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforeftid, That that part of the faid ad, whereby the commiflioners thereby appointed for putting the fame in execution have power to enlarge, alter, abate, or diminilh the afleflments to be delivered to the faid commiflioners, before fuch commiflioners (hall have fet their hands to fuch refpedive afleflments, teftifying their allowance thereof, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

V.	And be it Further enaded. That from and after the laid .twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty'eight, no afleflfment which (hall be made or delivered to the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, purfuant 10 the faid ad, or this prefent ad, (hall be altered or diminifhed before the time herein after appointed, or direded to be appointed, for the hearing and determining of appeals, and then only upon the faid commiflioners hearing the matter of the appeal particularly relating thereto, or concerning the fame, upon a general appeal-day.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the furveyor or furveyors of the rates and duties granted by the faid ad, appointed or to be appointed, as in the faid ad is mentioned, (hall twice in every year, to wit, on or before thetenth day of Augujl^ and tenth day 01 January yearly, certify in writing, under his or their hand or hands, by way of furcharge, toanj three or more of the faid commiflioners, what dwelling-houfes, windows, or lights have been omitted to be charged with the faid rates and duties in the afleflinent made of the (ame, fortki then current year; and that thereupon, and upon oath being firft made, that notice was left in writing at the dwelling-boules of the feveral occupiers fo charged or furcharged by virtue of fuch certificate, that the furveyors intended to charge them in fuch manner, and for fuch number of windows or lights as they (hall be charged for by virtue of fuch certificate, the faid com-iniflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall caufe fuch at feflments to be redified according to fuch certificate, and deliver-

1748.J Anno vicefimo primo Geo&GII II, c. 10.	%o£

ed to the collectors $ and the faid rates and duties to be levied accordingly.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Claufe* in the That thofe parts of the faid aft whereby it is enafted. That the reIat,n? day or days of appeal which (hould be appointed by the faid rommiflioners, (hould be within thirty days from the refpeftive repealed, quarterly days, by the faid aft appointed for payment of the faid 10 Geo. u rates and duties; and that all appeals once heard and determin- c* I* £ **•

sd by the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, or

the major part of them then prefent, on the day or days bf

them appointed for hearing appeals, (hould be final without any

further appeal; and that all quetiions and differences that (hould

arife, touching any of the faid rates and duties, (hould be heard

and finally determined by three or.more of the commiflioners,

upon complaint thereof to them made by any perfon or oerfons

thereby grieved, without further trouble or fuit in law, (hall be,

and the fame are hereby repealed; and that from and after the Commhfion-

faid twenty fifth day of March, one thouland feven hundred and ert to appoint

forty eight, all fuch appeals as (hall be made to the faid com-

miffioners, between the twenty fifth day of March, and thepcaU*

twentieth day of Auguft yearly, (hall be heard and determined

by the faid commiflioners upon fuch days as (hall by them be

appointed for the hearing of fuch appeals, between the twentieth

day of Auguft, and the fifteenth day of September following;

and that all fuch other appeals as (hall be made to the faid com-

miffioners, between the twenty ninth day of September, and the

twentieth day of January following yearly, (hall be heard and

determined by the faid commiflioners, upon fuch other days as

(hall be appointed by the faid commiflioners for the hearing

thereof, between the twentieth day of January, and the tenth

day of February following yearly.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, No abatement

That the faid commiflioners, or any of them,* (hall not upon to be made, the hearing of any appeal, make any abatement or defalcation unlcft !t aP*. in the charge or furcharge made upon any perfon by the faid	per-

affcffmtnt,,or the furcharge of the faid furveyor, but the fame fonisover-(hall (land good and remain part of the annual affeffment, un- rated.

lefs it (hall then appear to the faid commiflioners, by examination upon oath, that fuch perfon is over-rated in and by the faid afleflment, or the faid furcharge; and every perfon intend? ing to appeal to the faid commiflioners (hall, and is hereby re-Tcn ^ayg no^ quired to give at the lead ten days notice thereof in writing to tice to be the faid furveyor, or to one or more of the afleffors of the pa- given of tp-ri(h wherein fuch perfon is rated, of fuch intention to appeal; and fuch furveyor and afleffors may then and there attend to Affeflor* and

a the faid affeflinent and furcharge; and fiich furveyor and appellant to * rs, and appellant, unlefs they milbehave, (hall have full ** prefcat. and free liberty to be prefent during all the time of hearing fuch refpe&hre appeal, and of the faid commiflioners determining the fame.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That

Digitized by (^rOOQle

104	Anno	vicefimo	primo	Georgii	II.	C.	io.	[174!,

Appeal* heard That all appeals once heard and determined by the faid coo'

to be final*

miffioners, or any three or more of them, or tne major part of them then prefent on the day or days by them appointed for hearing of appeals, (hall be final, except as is herein after directed.

X. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if either the faid furveyor, or the perfon fo appealing in that part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales* or in Berwui upon Tweedj (hall apprehend the determination made by the (aid commiffioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this and the faid former alt, and (hall then declare himfelf dif-fatisfied with fuch determination, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch furveyor, or perfon refpeltively, to require the (aid commiffioners to ftate fpecially and^ fign tne cafe upon which the cafe ^ <lue^*on ar°fe, together with their determination thereupon; transmitted to which cafe the hud commiffioners, or the major part of them one of the	then prefent, are hereby required to ftate and fign accordingly,

fudges,	and to caufe the fame to be delivered to the party making (uch

requeft as aforefaid, to be by him transmitted to one of the juftica of the court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or to one of the who is to give barons of the coif of the Exchequer Ibr the time being; and every anVt^^k*- h*ch Ju^ce and ha**on is hereby required, with all convenient meat to be re- (peed, to return an anfwer to fuch cafe fo tranfmitted, with his gulatedthere- opinion thereupon fubferibed thereto, according to which opinion fo certified the afleflment which (hall have been the caufe of fuch

Exception.

Surveyor or appellant in England difia tisfied.

the com mi f-

appeal (hall be altered or confirmed ; and that if either the hid Surveyor or furveyor, or the perfon fo appealing in that part of Great Bri-Scodand dif. ta*n ca^ec^ Scotland, (hall apprehend the determination made by fatisfied, to* *hc f^d commiffioners fo be contrary to the trueintent and mean-proceed inlike ing of this and the faid former alt, and (hall then declare him-manner, &c. felf difiatisfied with fuch determination, it (hall and may be law-ful to and for fuch furveyor, or perfon difiatisfied refpeltivdy, j to require the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them then prefent, to ftate fpecially and fign the cafe up6n which the queftion arofe, together with their determination thereupon; which cafe the faid commiffioners are hereby required to ftate and fign accordingly, and to caufe the fame to be delivered to the party making (uch requeft as aforefaid, to be by him tnnf-mitted to one of the judges of the court of feffion, or of theba-, rons of the exchequer in Scotland; and every fuch judge and baron is hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, to return an anfwer to fuch cafe fo tranfmitted, with his opinion thereupon fubferibed thereto, according to which opinion fo certified the afleflment which (hall have been the caufe of fuch appeal (hall be altered or confirmed: provided always. That notwithftand-Determina- ing any fuch cafe fo tranfmitted to any of the faid juftices, judges, tion of the or barons, the determination of the faid commiffioners (hall (hod cowmiffioncri with refpelfc to the payments which (hall become due precedent refpeS t<Tpay- t0 *he °pini°n certified by any fuch juftice, judge, or baron, up-meins due. X* on fuch cafe.

XI.	Aui whereas, in order to evade the payment of the duties vpw

winiwit

1748.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. C. 10.	205

winiews or lights, feveral windows or lights in feveral dwelling-boufes have been fraudulently, and not ejfeftually flopped up; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no window Regulations or light (hall be deemed to be (lopped up, unlefs fuch window concerning or light (hall be (lopped up effectually with (lone, or briclc, or ^hidows!^ plaifter upon lath, or upon any other materials commonly ufed to plaifter upon, or with the fame kind of materials whereof the ourfidc of fuch dwelling- houfc doth chiefly confift.

XII.	Provided always, That nothing in this act (hall be con- Provifo for (trued to extend to any windows which were really and bona fide window* (top* (lopped up with any materials whatfoever before the making of

the laid act of the lad feffion of parliament; any thing herein tn< ' contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. None to gain

That the payment of any of the rates and duties granted by the a fottlement hid at, by any occupier or occupiers of any dwelling-houfc or	°*

houfcs in any parilh or place, (hall not entitle the perfon or per-

fons fo paying fuch rates or duties to a legal fettlement in filch parilh or place.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Penalty of ob-That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time hereafter wil- (bulling offU fully obftrylt or moled any affeffor or affeffors, furveyor or fur- ccrs# veyors, in the due execution of his or their faid office or offices,

duty or duties refpectively, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be levied in fuch manner as the rates and duties granted by the faid alt are directed to be levied.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That all fines, penalties, and Fines, Sec. forfeitures, which (hall be levied by warrant under the hands and levied by war-feals of three or more of the commilfioners appointed by the rant to be paid faid alt, or by this prefent alt, purfuant to the directions of and ^ * °° CCm in the faid alt, or of this prefent alt (fave only and except one except the moiety of fuch fines, penalties, and forfeitures, as (hall be im- moiety due to pofed and levied for and in refpelt of the opening of any window thc informer • or light, after the fame is (topped up, without giving fuch notice as is required by the faid alt, which (hall be paid to the perfon who (hall give notice or information of the opening fuch

window or light) (hall be refpeltively paid to the collector or

collcftors of the pari(h or place within which the fame (hall be

fo levied j and the fame (hall be refpeltively added to the re- andtobeadd-

fpedtive affeffments of the faid rates and duties, within, or for ed to the af-

(uch parifh or place refpeltively delivered or to be delivered to foments, bcc.

the colleltors, and alfo to the duplicates, within, or for the fame

parilh or place, and be given in charge to the refpeltive receivers

general, and be paid to them refpeltively, together with and

amongft the faid rates and duties, and be paid into the receipt

of his Majesty’s exchequer.

XVI.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, cianferelating

That that part of the faid alt, whereby the commilfioners there- to the powers

by appointed for putting the fame in execution, have power of given to corn-

rating and allefiing any other commiffioners or affeffors, whore- "goners to 0	°	J	1	alTefs one an-

Digitized by Google

Commiflion-er$ to caufe arrears to be levied.

%oS	Anno	vicefimo primo GeoRoii It. c. id.	£ fal

other repealed, fide or dwell in the refpedive divifions, for which theya&for,af aoGeo.a. c. 3 hi refped of the faid duties on houfes, windows, or lights there* Commiffion- gnuated, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that ert to be rated from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March y one thortand bytheaffef- fcven hundred and forty eight, the (everal commiffionei? and afleflors refiding in any county, (hire, (lewartry, or other place, (hall be aflefled for fuch rates and duties, by the afleflors appointed for the refpedive place or places wherein fuch commit fioners and afleflors rdlde, in the fame manner as any other per-Tons redding there are rated or aflefled; any thing in this or the laid former ad to the contrary in any wife not wit hftanding.

XVII.	And whereas it may happen^ that feveral arrears if tbt fid duties upon houfesy windowsy or lightSy granted by the faid firm o&iy may from time to time remain unfatisfied and unpaidy wkh ought to have been levied and paid at the times and in the manner b the faid a&x directed; be it therefore enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, That in all fuch cafes, it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the refpedive perfons, who are or (hall be nominated or appointed commiflioners for putting the faid former and this prefent ad in execution for the time being (being duly fwom and qualified as aforefaid in that behalf) or (o many of them as are thereby impowered to caufe the faid refpedive dutia to be aflefled, levied, and paid, to caufe the monies, lb from time to time in arrear and unpaid as aforefaid, to be railed, levied, and colleded by the refpedive colledors of the feveral pa* rifhes or places, (hires or boroughs, where fuch arrears IhaH happen, by the fame ways and means, and in the fame manner, and under the like penalties, as are direded and appointed by the faid former or this prefent ad, with refped to the railing or levying the (aid duties ; and the monies fo received by die (aid colledors for any fuch arrears, (hall be paid to the refpedive receivers general where fuch arrears (hall happen, to the end the fame may be paid into the receipt of his Majelly’s exchequer, for the purpofes in the faid ads mentioned.

XVIII.	And whereas doubts have arifeny in what manner the fed duties Jhoald be rated and paid within the feveral inns of emtei chancery, be it farther enaded and declared. That every inhabitant, or occupier of any chamber in the (aid inns of coart or chancery, (hall be rated and pay for every window or light in bis chamber the fum of one (hilling.

XIX.	Provided always. That no inhabitant or occupier of ing chambers, any fuch chamber (hall be compelled to pay, or to contribute not chargeable {othkIs the payment of the duty of two millings, charged by to^the duty of ^ fad a&5 and made payable by the inhabitant or occupier ot

a dwdling-houfe inhabited.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,Tbit if any adion, plaint, fuit,‘or information, (hall be brought, commenced, or profecuted againft any commiTfioner or commiflioners, afleflor or afleflors, colledor or colledors, furveyor or furveyors, or other perfon or perfons, for or concerning any ad, matter,or abaiig9 that he, they, or any of them, (hall do or caufe to be dot*.

Windows in the inns of court how to be rated.

Perfons rent-

officers, Sec. fued, may plead the

Digitized by

*74*.) Anno vicefimo priioo GeoRGII IL C. io.	*07

in purfeancc or execution of the faid aft, or of this prefent aft, General iflue. in England^ fVoleSy or Berwick upon Tweedy fuch perfon or per-Ions fo fued in any court whatsoever, (hall and may plead the general iffue, not guilty, and upon iflue joined, may give the laid aft, and this prefent aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence $ and if the plaintiff (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further prosecution, or fuffer a difcontinuance \ or if a verdift pafs a-gainft him, the defendants (hall recover treble cofts, for which they (hall have the like remedy, as in cafes where cofts by law Treble cofts. are given to defendants.

XXI.	And whereas it hath been found by experience, that the powers granted by the find aft for charging, raifingy levying, and colic fling of the duties aforefaid upon the windows or lights liable to the fame in that part of Great Britain, called Scotland, have been ineffectual i be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That power t0 fur. thefurveyor or furveyors, appointed or to be appointed as by veyorsinScot-the faid aft is direfted, (hall have power, twice in the year, to land for view-enter into, and pafs through any houfe or houfes, within any ing of houfes. city or royal burgh in Scotland, and view the fame internally as

well as externally, and to view any other houfe or houfes in Scotland externally, and in like manner, as furveyors are im-powered to view houfes by the faid aft, for the purpofes in the laid aft mentioned; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXII.	And be it further enafted. That the faid rates and The rates in duties, by the faid aft granted as aforefaid, with refpeft to lights Scotland to be or windows of dwclling-houfes in Scotland, liable for the fame, paid half-(hall be paid by the inhabitants or occupiers for the time being,

of the refpeftive dw**ling'houfes in which fuch lights or windows are contained, his, her, or their heirs or executors refpec-tively, half-yearly, the days of payment following 5 that is to lay, the twenty ninth day of September, and twenty fifth day of March) by even and equal portions, the firft payment thereupon to be made the twenty ninth day of September, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, for the half year, commencing from the term oi Whitfunday y and ending at the term of Martinmas in the faid year; and the fecond payment to be made the twenty fifth day of March aforefaid, which (hall be in the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, for the half year,-commencing from the faid term of Mar-ttnmaS) one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, and ending at the term of Whitfundayy in the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, and fo on half-yearly thereafter.

XXIII.	And beit further enafted. That for the execution of Coramiffion-die laid aft with regard to Scotland, and for the charging, order- ers for the ing, raifing, collefting, levying, and paying of the feveral rates La“d.taj m and duties by the faid aft granted, and chargeable for or in re- ^ commit fpeft of the windows or lights of any dwelling-houfe there, all fionersfoe and every the perfons named or appointed to be commiffioners this aft.

for putting in execution an aft of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land

tax*

Digitized by

Google

ao8

Times and places of meeting.

AiTeflors to be fworn.

Days to be prefixed for cringing in certificates.

Anno vicefimo primo Georoii II. c. io. [1748*

tax, to be raifed in Great Britain yfor the fervice of the year onetlm-find /even hundred and forty eight, or who fhall hereafter be named or appointed commiflioners for putting in execution any future adt or adts of parliament, for granting an aid to his majcfty, his heirs or fucceffors, by a land tax in Great Britain, in and for the feveral (hires, ftewartries, cities, of boroughs in Scotland, being duly qualified as aforefaid, fhall be commiflioners for putting in execution this prefent $dl, and the powers therein containd, within and for the refpe&ive (hires, ftewartries, cities, or boroughs within Scotland, for which they feveraliy are or fhall be named and appointed commiflioners of the land tax as aforefaid; which faid commiflioners, in order to the fpeedy execution of this adt, fhall meet together at the moft common or ufual place of their meeting as commiflioners of the land tax, within their refpedtive (hires, ftewartries, cities or boroughs, on or before the firft: IVednefday of July, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, for charging and ordering the firft of the two half yearn payments before-mentioned, and on or before the firft IVedmj-day of January next thereafter, for charging and ordering the fecond of the faid half-yearly payments before-mentioned, and in like manner (hall meet yearly and every year on the firft IVednefday of each of* the faid two months of July and Jammy, for the charging and ordering of the payments for the half-year, current at and on the faid refpedtive days; and the faid commiflioners, or fo many of them as (hall be prefent a t any of the meetings to be held on the faid dated days, (hall direct thek precept or precepts (under the hand of fuch one of them, as (hall, by the major part of thofe met, be eledted prefesbfthe meeting) to fuch inhabitants of every pari(h, within their feveral (hires, ftewartries, cities, or boroughs, ancV fuch number of'them as the major part of the commiflioners fo met (hall in their dif-cretions think moft convenient to be afleflors, to the effedt after-mentioned, requiring them to appear before the faid commit lionei s in their faid ufual place of meeting, at a day to befpe-cified in the faid precept or precepts, which (hall not exceed ten days, from the dated day of meeting aforefaid ; and at and on the day fd prefixed, the faid commiflioners (hall again meet, and (hall then openly read or caufe to be read to the inhabitants of each parilh, required to appear as aforefaid, or fuch of them as (hail appear, the feveral rates and duties in the faid adt,' and openly declare the effedb of their charge unto them, and how or in what manner they ought and (hould make their certificates and affclt ments according to the feveral rates aforefaid, and fhall then and there adminifter an oath to the (aid inhabitants, or fuch of them as fhall be there prefent, and fhall be appointed afleflors by the faid commiflioners, for the dtfe and faithful adminiftra-tion of their faid office, and prefix another day, not exceeding fifteen days longer, for the faid perfons to appear again before the faid commiflioners, and the faid perfons (hall then appear accordingly, and bring in their certificates in writing under raeir hands, of every dwelling-houfe, inhabited and charged by the 2	afore-

Digitized by LjOOQle

1748.] Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGH II. c. 10.	209

iforeftid aft, within the limits of thofe parilhes for which they ^ cverally aft, and of the number of windows or lights in each *

»oufe, together with the names of the fcveral occupiers or inha-

litants of each refpeftive dwelling-houfe aforefaid, and of the

everal fums of money which they ought to pay by virttic of the

aid aft, without concealment or favour, upon pain of forfeiture

>f any (inn, not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty (hiN

in«p, fterling money, to be levied as by this aft is appointed ;

nd that the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them as '

hall be prefent, lhall, upon the day appointed for the firft ge-

leral meeting of the eommifiloners of (hires and ftewai tries, Colleftors to

itics and boroughs, for the land tax, granted for the fcrvice of be aPP0Ulte »

he year, one thouftind feven hundred and forty eight, by the

ft of this prefent feflion of parliament before-mentioned, and fo

n fuch day as (hall be appointed for the firft general meeting of

he faid eommifiloners for the land tax, to be granted for the

srvice of any fubfequent year by any future aft or afts of par-

lament, granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, eleft and

hufe feme one fit perfon to be colleftor of the faid rates and

luties arifing within the (hire, ftewartry, city, or borough for

which the faid eommifiloners are commiflioners, and (hall take

Dond with fufficient caution from him, for his due and faithful who are to

idmiAiftration of his faid office, and for his duly paying over at §lvc fecurity.

Edinburgh the rates or duties and other fums to be by him col-

efted by virtue of the faid aft, or this prefent aft, within forty

lays after the terms before-mentioned, appointed for payment

hereof, unto fuch perfon as (hall, from time to time, be ap-

>ointcd by his Majesty, or the commiflioners of the treafury

low or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or by

he high treafurer for the time being, to be receiver general of

he faid rates or duties arifing from windows or lights within

ta/iW, under a penalty of one hundred pounds fterling, to be Penalty,

orfeited in cafe of failure in the due and faithful administration

)f his office, or in the due payment of the monies to be received

yj him, which bond the commiflioners taking the fame, (hall Bond tobere-

aufe to be forthwith regiftered iq the books of council and fef- giftered, and

Hon, and deliver an extraft thereof to the receiver general to be

appointed as aforefaid, and the faid receiver general (hall pay fo receiver gene-

much of the faid rates and duties, and fums, as he (hall receive ral, &c.p

from every fuch colleftor (with deduftion of his own allowance

in refpeft thereof) into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at

IVeJlminJler^ by half-yearly payment's on the feveral days herein

before appointed for payment thereof, or within forty days

after.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted. That the colleftor to be c011e^for to elefted for each (hire, ftewartry, city, or borough as aforefaid, ^°ve a °copy lhall, within the fpace of fix days after delivery of the copy to oftheafieft him aforefaid, of the faid afleflments for the lame, deliver, or ment to the aufe to be delivered, to fome one of the perfons who were ap- and,ana^deT, pointed afleffors for each pafilh, within fuch (hire, ftewartry, j£ereon°&c? city, or borough, a copy under his band, of the faid afleflment *

Voi. XIX.	P	for

duties, &c. within ten days after notification.

210	Anno	vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. io.	f i||8.

for fuch parilh, with an order thereon for fuch affeflors deliver-ing a note of the fum afleffed upon, or for every dweUing-houfe charged within fuch parifh,* to fome perfon within the (aid Afrir t dwelling-houfe, in cafe accefs can be had, or affixing fuch note turn the copy, on door	dwelling-houfe; and the affeffor to whom

&c.	fuch copy and order (hall be delivered, (hall, within fix days

after receipt thereof, make notification as aforefaid, thereupon, and return the faid copy and order to the collector from whom * he received the fame, with a certificate upon oath before one of the commiffioners aforefaid, that he did notify the fame in the form preferibed by this a<5t.

Penalty of not XXV. And be it further enadted, That every perfon and paying the perfons liable to and charged with any of the rates or duties be-fore-mentioned, for or in refpect of any dwelling houfe in Sea-land, (hall be obliged, and is hereby required to make payment of the fum which (hall be afleffed upon him, her, or them, to the collector of the (hire, ftewartry, city, borough, or parifh, where fuch dwelling-houfe lies, at his office, within fuch city, borough, or parifh, or within the head burgh of fuch (hire or ftewartry refpe<5tively, within the fpace of ten days after notification (hall have been made to him, her, or them, in the manner herein preferibed, of fuch fum, upon pain of forfeiting treble the fum, in cafe he or (he fail to make the faid payment within the faid time ; and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful tt> and for any commiflioner aforefaid, for any (hire, ftewartry, city, or borough, and every fuch commiflioner is hereby required, upon the application of the collector of the rates aid duties aforefaid, for fuch (hire, ftewartry, city, or bordbgh* and infpedtion had of the affeffors certificate ot notification, to iffue and grant a warrant or warrants under his hand, for the faid colle&ors poinding or diftraining the goods and efle&s of any perfon or perfons mentioned in fuch certificate, and who (hall not have paid the fum therein afleffed upon him, her, or them, or any moveable goods or effe£t$, being ror the time within the dweliing-houfe, for the windows of which fuch fum (hall happen to be afleffed and due, for payment of the faid forfeiture; and the faid collector (hall be, and is hereby impowered to caufe poind or diftrain accordingly, and the goods fo poinded or retrained to keep by the fpace of four days, at the cofts and charges of the owners thereof ; and if the faid owners do not pay the refpedtive fums of money, for which fuch warrant of poindiot andmakefale, or diftrefs was granted, within the faid four days, then theW * goods (hall be appraifed at, and in the place where they are, by two or more perfons, to be called and fworn for that purpofc, and (hall be fold for payment of the faid fums of money, and the charges of taking and keeping the poind and diftrels, and the overplus coming by fuch fale (if any be) to be immediately reftored to the owner; and where no goods fufecient for payment of the faid fums can or may be tound, to be poinded or diftrained, and the perfon liable, (hall neglect or refufetopy the fame, in every fuch cafe any one of the commifiioners afore-

laid,

Commiflion-era to ifitie warrants for levying the duties.

Collectors to diftrain,

For want of

diltrefs, the perfon to be committed.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1748.] Anno vicefimo primoGEORGii II. c. io.	lit

(aid, (hall be, and hereby 1$ authorized and required, by warrant under his hand, to commit fuch perfon to the common gaol, there to be kept without bail, until payment (hall be made; Colledors not and in cafe any fuch collector in that part of Britain called nuking pay-Scotlaud, (hall not make payment of the faid fums to be recetv- menttobe ed by him, in terms of his bond aforefaid, to the receiver ge- fued,&c. neral to be appointed as aforefaid, diligence (hall and may proceed by homing, arreftmenr, poinding, denunciation, caption, imprifonment, and otherwife, upon fuch bond, againft fuch collector ana his cautioners, at the fuit of the faid receiver general,. for payment of the whole fums afiefted upon the (hire,

(lewartry, city, or borough, for which he is collector, in fo far as they have not been paid unto the faid receiver general, and of the penalty in fuch bond, ■fubjed to fuch relief and modification in law or equity, as (hall be awarded and granted by the lord chief baron of his Majesty’s exchequer in	',	or

by any two of the faid barons, upon fummary application to be made to them by fuch collector, and giving notice to, and waring the faid receiver general on behalf of his Majesty.

XXVI.	And, for obviating doubts which may arile about

he charging of windows or Tights, and the perlons liable in layment of the rates and duties for the fame, in	,with-

n the meaning of the aforefaid ad, and of this prefent ad; be t enaded by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon and

*rfons occupying any dwelling-houfe in any edifice or land, Method of /ithin any county, ftewartry, city, borough, town, or place charging the efpedively, within that part of Great Britain called	,duties in

aving more than nine windows, whether fuch dwelling-houfe Scotland»

<e in a feparate building, and under a diftind and feparate roof, r be part of any edifice, land, or building, and under the fame x>f with other dwelling-houfes, and which dwelling-houfe iy perfons (hall have been in poffeffion of, at any time after le term of IVhitfuniay or Martinmas,immediately preceeding >y of the half-yearly days, appointed for the payment of the id rates and duties, (hall be deemed and taken to be the occu-er or occupiers, and tenant or tenants of fuch houfe, to all tents and purpofes, as if fuch dwelling-houfe was a feparate lilding, and under a diftind and feparate roof.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe the com- commifllon fiioners hereby appointed for putting the faid ad in execution, er> and aflef-rh regard to Scotland, (hall refufe or negled to iftue their fire- for* negled->t or precepts, under the hand of fuch one of them, as (hall, j"g tbeir the major part of thofe tnet, be eleded prefes of the meet- duty*

to fuch inhabitants of every parifh, within their feveral res, ftewartries, cities, or boroughs, and fuch number of m, as the major part of the commiftioners fo met, (hall, in ir diferetions, think mod convenient to be afteftors as afore-I, requiring them to appear before the faid commiftioners as ein before is mentioned; or if the perfons who (hall be fo re-red to appear, (haii refufe or negled to appear as is herein >re directed, or if the perfons who (hall be appointed aflef-

P 2	fors

Digitized by v^,ooQle

ai2	Anno	vicefimo	primo	Georgii	II.	c.	10.	[*748.

fofs by the faid commiflioners, as herein before is mentioned, (hall fail or negleft to bring in their certificates in writing, under their hands, ofevery dweiling-houfe inhabited or charged by the faid aft, within the limits of thofe parifhes in which they (hail fe* erally be appointed to aft, and of the number of windows or lights in each houfe, with the names of the feveral occupiers or inhabitants of each refpeftive dweiling-houfe, and of the funis of money which they ought to pay by virtue of the faid aft, as aforefaid; qr if the faid commiilioners, or the maj6r part of them, who (hall be prefent upon the day appointed for the firft general meeting of the commiflioners of (hire$, and ftewartries, cities and boroughs, for the land tax, granted for the ferviceof the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, or on fuch days, as (hall be appointed for the firft general meeting of the commiflioners of the land tax, to be granted for the fervice of any fubfequent year, by any future aft or afts of parliament, (hall fail or negleft to eleft and chufe feme fit perfon to be collector of the laid rates and duties as aforelaid, or take fuch bond, with fufficient caution from him, for his due execution of the faid office, and for other purpofes herein before dsreftcd, that then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid furveyor or Purveyors, to make a certificate in wrir-to mur^cer- unc*er refpeftive hands, of every dweiling-houfe in-tificates to the habited or charged by the faid aft, within the limits of thofe Purveyors ge- parifhes in which they feverally aft, and of the number of win-neral, kc. dows or lights in each houfe, with the names of the feveral occupiers or inhabitants of each refpeftive dweiling-houfe, and of the fums of money which they ought to pay by virtue of the faid aft as aforefaid, and to return Fuch certificates to the far-veyors general of the faid rates and duties at Edinburgh, who are forthwith to deliver the fame to the barons of the court of The barons to exchequer in Scotland; and that it (hall and may be lawful to appoint col- and for the faid barons, or any two of them, to appoint colkc-lcftors. tors for collecting the faid rates and duties as aforefaid, within fuch refpeftive places, and that the collectors fo to be appointed by two of the faid barons as aforefaid, (hall have the fame power to colleft, receive, and recover the faid rates and duties, as fuch collectors would have had in cafe they had been appointed to fee . collectors by the faid commidioners as aforefaid ; and that the faid barons of the exchequer in Scotland (hall have all fuch and the fame powers to aft in and about the collecting, recovering, getting in, receiving, and paying of the faid rates and duties upon houfes, as are given to the faid commiflioners by the hid former aft, or this prefent aft, fo that the faid rates and duties mat be fully and effeftually raifed and paid, according to the tni intent and meaning or the faid recited aft, and of this prefect aft.

Forfeiture* to XXVIII. And be it further enafted. That all penalties and whom pay- forfeitures to be incurred for ,gny offences againft this aft, m •bit#	that part of Great Britain called Scotland (other than thofe is be

incurred by any colleftor) (hall be and be made payable to ths

colbfcr

6

Digitized by Google

ij4?-]	Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 11.	215

colledor of the (hire, ftewartry, city, or borough, within which and how to be the fame (hall be incurred ; and all penalties and forfeitures to recover«l* be incurred by any perfon for any offence againft this a<51, for levying of which there is no particular way herein before pre-fcribed or appointed, (hall be levied by warrant under the hands of three or more commiflioners of fupply for fuch (hire, ftewartry, city, or borough, by poynding and diftraining, and falc of the offender's goods, rendering the overplus to the owner thereof, after deduction of reafonable charges for diftraining the fame; and that the collector of every (hire, ftewartry, city, or Account to be borough, fhall keep an exad account of all fines, forfeitures, and fums of money which he fhall happen to levy in force of &c>	*

this ad, other than and befide the (ingle rates and duties to be contained in the afleffment to be delivered to him (igned by the commiflioners as aforefaid, feparate and diftind from his account of the faid Angle rates and duties, and (hall lay fuch account before the commiflioners aforefaid half-yearly, at the time of their dated half-yearly meetings as aforefaid j which Allowance to (aid commiflioners, or the major part of them, (hail have power be made to to dedud and allow to fuch colledor, fuch part of the fums collectors, charged in his feparate account, as to them (hall feem meet, for anfwering and defraying the expence of levying the fame, or fuch other incidental expences as may accrue and arife in the execution of this'ad, and are not thereby provided for: and Certificates of the faid commiflioners fhall caufe to be transmitted certificates theballance to of the ballance remaining due on every fuch account, to the of- be tranfmit-fices of the King's remembrancer in the exchequer in Scotland, *** t0 the cx~ an4 of the receiver general to be appointed for the rates and c cqucr* duties aforefaid at Edinburgh9 to the end that fuch ballance may be made a charge upon fuch colledor ; and fuch colledor (hall Receiver ge-be obliged, and may be compelled, to pay the ballance fo certi- n*ral toPaX fied, to the faid receiver general; and the faid receiver general ^t^xebe-* (hall be obliged to pay the'fame into the receipt of his Majesty’s qUer at Weft-exchequer at lVeJlminftery in the fame manner as is herein be- minfter. fore provided with relped to the,aforefaid rates and duties.

CAP. XI.

An aft for further regulating the proceedings upon courts-martial in the fea fervice \ and for extending the difeipline of the navy to the crews of his Majeftfs Jhips, wrecked, lofty or taken \ and for continuing to them their wages upon certain conditions. Rep. 22. Geo. 2. c. 33.

WHEREAS feveral laws heretofore made, relating to courts-martial in the fea fervice, have not proved effectual to an-fwer the ends thereby propofcdy therefore for remedying and fupplying the hid defe£lsy and for maintaining a proper and Jlri£l government and difeipline in his Majejly's navy ; be it enaded, &c.

The officer upon whom the command of a fleet, &c. (hall devolve, ini-powered to hokl courts-martial. The officer next in command, to pre-

P3	tide.

214	Anno	viccfifpo	primo	Georgii	II. c. i2r

fide. The commander in chief to irapower the commander of a {qua* dron, ordered on feparate fervice, to hold courts-martial. Where five or more (hips meet in foreign parts, the fenior captaifi to hold courts-martial, and prefide. Where it (hall be ijnproper for the officer next in command to prefide, the third officer to be appointed. Admiralty impower. ed to dirett what officer (hall hold courts-martial in any port in Great Britain or Ireland. No court-martial to confiit of more than 9 or lefs than 5. Where there are not mote than 3 captains to be had, other commanders to be called in. No member of the court to go on fliorc, till Sentence given. Officers conftituting a court-martial to take an oath. The judge advocate to take an oath. Penalty of an evidence guilty of contempt or misbehaviour ; or of perjury. See. Articles of war cftablift* ed by 18 Geo. a. c. 35. to be in force with refpect to the crews of fhips Jolt, Sec. Claufe for continuing their pay to the officers and men, after a (hip is taken by an enemy, &c. A6t 18 Geo. 2. c. 35. and part of 2 W. & M. appointing the form of an oath, repealed.

CAP. XII.

An ail for bolding the fummer affixes for the county of Buckingham at the county town of Buckingham.

WH E R E A S for many years paft it hath been ufual in tk adminiftration of jujlice to his Majefiy's fubjefts, refidini ^ the different ends of the county of Buckingham, which is of a great length, to appoint the fummer affixes at the county town of Buckingham, and the winter affixes at Aylefbury: and whereas this vjogt was unneceffarily broken in upon in the la ft fummer: and whereas it will tend to preferve the peace and quiet of the county to fix the Mri-bution of jujlice in its ufual channel, within the faid county; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, all the commii-The fummer ®ons a®ze anc* ^iifi prius, and all general commiflions of aflizes for thc Oyer and Terminer, and all commifliori* of general gaol deliver)*, county of	which (hall be appointed to be held gnd executed for the faid

Buckingham county next after the term of Hoiy^rinityy (hall be held and

Buck"hClh ^ cxccutc<* *n each year at an(* m t^le ^ town	Buckingham

yearly!^ am an<* at no other place within the faid county of Buckingbora\ any law, (latute, ufage, matter, or thing to the contrary not-.withftanding.

In cafes of exi- II. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared gtney only, by the authority aforefaid, That if at any time hereafter the thC a£feS laid *own Buckingham (hall be wholly unfit for holding thc moved to6" affizes there, by accident of fire, or by means of any contagious or fome other epidemical diftemper, or by any otner unforeseen caufe or exi* place, during gency, to be made appear before the lord high chancellor, or their continu- jorcj kCCpCr, or lords commiflioners for keeping the great fcal of Great Britain for the time being; that then, and in fuch cafes only, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commiflioners for keeping thc great feal of Great Britain for the time being, with the advice of the juftices of aflize, from time to time, in and during the

* *	con*

Digitized by v^ooQle

1748J Anno vicefimo prfmo Georgii II. c. 13,14.

continuance of fuch refpeftive exigencies only, and for and at no other time or times, to appoint another convenient place within the faid county for holding thi faid aflizes, inftead of thefaid town of Buckingham; any thing in this prefeftt aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XIII.

An aft to rectify a tnijiake in an ail made in this fejjion of parliament, tintituled, An aft for punifhing mutiny and defcrtion; and for the better payment ot the army and their quarters. EXP.

WHEREAS by a claufe in an ail made this fejfion of parliament, intituled. An aft for punifliing mutiny and defer-tion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters ; it is provided and declared, That from and after the twenty fftb day of March, one thousand feven hundred and forty eight, when and as often as any perfon or perfons jbould be inlijled as a fol-dier or foldiers in his Majejlys land Service, he and they were to be carried before the next jujlice of peace of any county, riding, city, or place, or chief magi fir ate of any city or town-corporate, who was required, in cafe fuch perfon or perfons appeared to be duly inlijled, to certify under his hand, among other things, that the feventh and tenth articles of war againft mutiny and defer don were read to Juch perfon or perfons: and whereas in the faid claufe, mention is made of the feventh and tenth articles of war by miflake, inftead of the fecond and fixtb feftions of fuch articles: for rectifying the faid miflake, be it enafted, &c.

Jufticcs to certify, that the fecond and fixth feltions of thofe articles of war were read to perfons in lifted.

CAP. XIV. .

An aft for permitting tea to be exported to Ireland, and bis Majefty's plantations in America, without paying the inland duties charged thereupon by an aft of the eighteenth year of bis prefent Majeft/s reign •, and for enlarging the time for fome of the payments to be made on the fubfeription of fix millions three hundred thousand pounds, by virtue of an aft of this fejfion of parliament.

HE RE A S in and by an aft paffed in the eighteenth year of lg Geo. < the reign of his prefent Majefty (intituled, An aft for re- c. 26. pealing the prefent inland duty of four shillings per pound weight upon all tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof 5 and for better fecuring the duty upon tea, and other duties of excife; and for purfuing offenders out of one county into another) an inland duty of one Jbilling per pound weight avoirdupois, and in that proportionfor a greater or leffer quantity, is charged upon all tea which Jbould be fold in Great Britain from and after the twenty fourth day

f*	v

w\

Digitized by v^ooQle

2i£	Anno	vicefijncx pritno Geor^u II. c. ^4.	{174$.

of June, one thoufand{even hundred and forty five, end	a

tker duty of twenty five pounds for every one hundred pounds, (f the graft price at which fuch tea Jhould be fold at the pubkek fades of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and proportionally for a greater or leffir fumy over and above oil '	cujloms, fubfifties, and duties payable to his Majejly for the fame upon

the importation thereof \ whicp faid feveral duties of one /billing per pound weighty and twenty five pounds per centum, it is thereby en-■ a fled Jbculd be paid down in ready money by the proprietor or proprietors of fuch teay or fuch perfon or per fins as /booty be appointed by bimy her, or themy to the receiver or colleflor of the faid inland da-tieSy before fuch proprietor or proprietorsy or other perfon or perfim, Jhould receive or take out for any purpofe whatfiever fuch tiOy from the warehoufe or warehoufes wherein the fame was appointed to be lodged y by an afl made in the tenth year of the reign of his late Ma-joGeo.i,c.io.i/V/7y King George the Firfly according to the directions of the faid afl: and whereas the importation of tea into this kingdomy by the find United company of merchants ^England trading to the Eaft Indies, may be greatly mcreafedy if the fame be permitted to be exported ti Jreland, and his Majejly's plantations in America, without paying the duties charged thereupon by the faid afl; we your Majefty^s „ moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may enadted; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from Tea permitted and after the firft day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and

to inHamTand ^orty	tca as ^a^ then b&ve been, or hereafter

America with- be imported into the kingdom of Great Britain from any out paying the foreign parts, and which (hall be afterwards exported to the inland duties, kingdom of Irelandy or to his Majesty’s plantations in AmericSy and which (hall have been duly entered, and for which the federal fubfidies and additional impofts due on the importation thereof, (hall have been paid or fecured to be paid, and which (hall have been carried or put into foch warehoufe or warehoufes, as aforefaid, (hall and may, from and after the faid firft day of *Juney one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, upondue entry thereof being made by the proprietor or proprietors thereof, or by fuch perfon or perfons whom they (hall appoint for that purpofe, be delivered out of any fuch warehoufe to the refpeflite proprietor or proprietors thereof, or fuch perfon or performs (hall be appointed by him, her, or them, and who (hall before fuch delivery have duly entered the fame for exportation to Inland, or his Majesty’s plantations in Americay without payment being made of all or any the refpe<5Hve inland duties charged or impofed upon the fame by the laid a<5t; any thine therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding; foch proprietor or proprietors, or other perfon or perfons, fint gfr- j ihg.bond, with fufficient fecurity to his Majesty, his heirs and i fucceflors, to be approved of by the commifiioners of the Cud:

inland

Proprietor to give bond for exportation.

Digitized by LjOOQle

1748.] Anpo vicefimo prfmo Georgii II. c. 14.'	tif

inland duties for the time being, or any three of them, or by fiich perfon or perfons as they fhall, from time to time,‘appoint for that purpofe, in double the value of the goods, that the fame, and every part thereof (hall (the dangers of the feas and enemies excepted) be really and truly exported to, and landed , in fuch port of the kingdom of Ireland, or fuch place in his Majesty's plantations in America, for which the fame has been fp entered for exportation, and that the fame (hall not be exported, or carried to any other place or country whatfoever, nor relanded in any part of Great Britain, or the iflands of Gtyrnfey,

Jerfey> or Man, or either of them ; and fuch bonds fo entered Bond not to into, for the carrying fuch tea to the kingdom of Ireland, or to be difcharged any of his Majesty’s plantations in America, which has not paid the inland duty herein before^mentioned, (hall not be delivered ^ Qf up nor difcharged, until a certificate (hall be produced under landing, the hands aqd feals of the colleflor, comptroller, or furveyorof the cuftoms of the port in Ireland, or the plantations in America, where fuch tea (hall be landed, teftlfying the landing thereof5 and for the future, the condition of all fuch bonds to be given Condition of for the exportation of any fuch tea to Ireland, (hall be to pro-thc bond# duce fuch certificate in fix months from the date thereof (the danger of the feas and enemies excepted) and the condition of all luch bonds to be given for the exportation of any fuch tea to tfie plantations in America, (hall be to produce fuch certificate in eighteen months from the date thereof (the danger of the feas and enemies excepted) and in cafe no fuch certificate fhali be produced within the refpedlive times herein before-mentioned, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commifiioners of the (aid inland duties, to caufe fuch bonds to be put in fuit, unlefi they (hall find fufhcient caufe to forbear the fame; any Warehouse* law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding: and up- keeper to de-on fuch proprietor or proprietors, or other perfon or perfons, bver to the producing to the refpe&ive keeper or keepers of fuch ware-houfes, a certificate or certificates, figned by fuch perfon or per- in thecertifi-fons as the cotnipiflioners of his Majefiy’s cuftoms for the time cate} being, or any four of them, fhall for that purpofe appoint, fig-nifying that fuch entry has been made, and that the feveral fub-fidies and additional imports, due on the importation thereof, have been paid or fecured; and alfo producing a certificate under the hands of the commifiioners of the faid inland duties, or any three of them, that fuch fecurity for exportation hath been given as herein before-mentioned ; wfiich certificate or certificates the faid commifiioners are hereby required to give accordingly ; fuch warehoufe-keeper or warehoufe-keepers (hall deliver out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, to fuch proprietor or proprietors, or other perfon or perfons, in the fame package, and no other than that in which it was imported, fo much tea intended, and entered for exportation to the aforefaid places, and no other, as (hall be mentioned or exprefled in fuch certi-.ficate or certificates refpedlively, without payment being made of all or any the refpedtive inland duties charged or impofed

thereon

Proprietor to deliver tbe permit to tbe searcher.

*i&	Anno	vicefimo primo Georgii II. C. 14. [ifcl I

tod ft permit, thereon by the faid a£t; and the refpe&ive warehoufe-keeper 1 and warehoufe-kcepcrs are thereupon to give fuch proprietor or 1 proprietors, or other perfon or perfon*, a permit or certificate to accompany fuch tea fo delivered out, till the fame is (hiptfor N exportation; which permit or certificate ihall be alfo figned by an officer attending the faid warehoufe or warehoufes, who dull be appointed by the commiffioners of the faid inland duties, or the major part of them, to prevent the feizing thereof; and fuch proprietor or proprietors, or other perfon or perfons*(hall,atand before the tea therein mentioned is fhipt or laden on board the (hip or veflel in which it is entered, and intended to be exported, deliver fuch permit or certificate to the fearcher or other proper officer of the culfoms of the port from which fuch tea it entered for exportation, who is hereby enjoined and required fewber'a du- (if he (hall have caufe to fufpedt the tea to be deficient in qaan-

inetbt team" or	from	w^at * or ^a^ b® Specified in the faudper-

cenified, &c. mit or certificate) to open, weigh, fearch, and ftriftlv examine / all the cheftsr, calks, and other package, in which luch tea is contained, to fee if the goods agree in quantity and quality with the permit or certificate figned by the officer of the faid inland duties, as before-mentioned, and whether the fame has been rightly and duly entered outwards, and the quantify and qualify rightly and truly exprefled in the exporter’s indorfetnertt upon his entry; and if on fuch examination the fame (hall be found to be right entered, and that they agree in quantity and quality with the permit or certificate of the officers of the laid I inland duties, the fearcher or other proper officer (hall at hi) J own charge caufe the fame to be repacked (which charge (hall 1 be allowed to the faid officer by the commiffioners of the cuf- ^ toms, if they think it reafonable) but in cafe the officer (halloo examination find fuch goods to be of any other fpecies or quality, or to be more in quantity or quality than is exprefled in fuch permit or certificate, or in the exporter’s indorfement upon his entry outwards, or that they (hall have been entered under a wrong denomination, whereby his Majesty would have been defrauded, all fuch goods, together with the chefts, calks, and other package containing the fame, (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be (eized and profecuted by any officer or v officers of the cuftoms, in fuch manner and form as herein after is exprefled.

Tea to be ex. II. And it is hereby further enafled. That from and after the porredin the faid firft day of June, one thoufand* feven hundred and felly package, cight, no tea (hall be exported to the kingdom of Irelandt or to c*	any of his Majesty’s plantations in America, in any cheft, calk,

tub, or package whatfoever, other than that in which it was originally imported into Great Britain, nor in any left quantities than in the entire lot or lots in which the fame was fold it the fale of the faid united company, under the penalty of tbe forfeiture of fuch tea, and the package containing the lame.

Tea entered III. And it is hereby further enabled. That from and after for exporta-	firft	day	cf	Jurtey	one thoufand feven hundred and forty

eight,

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1748.] Anno viccfimo primo Georgii II. c. 14.	219

eight, when any tea is entered for exportation to Ireland, or any tion to be of his Majeft/s plantations in America, the outfit!? package in m*r£cd °nthe which it is contained, (hall, by the fearcher or fearchers belong- Packa8e> jng to the cuftoms at the port from whence the fame is intended to be exported, after the entry thereof, and before the fame is (hipped, be marked on four different parts, on the outfide thereof, in fuch manner as the commiffioners of the cuftoms (hall direft 5 and if any cheft, calk, tub, or other package, (hall, and if found after the fame has been marked and (hipt as aforefaid, be land- on ftiore again ed, or found again on (hore, having fuch marks thereon, fuch to be feiaai. cheft, calk, tub, or other package, with the tea therein contained, (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be feized and profecuted by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or inland duties, in fuch manner as herein after is exprefied.

IV.	And, for preventing the clandeftine delivering of tea out of the warehoufes herein before-mentioned, in order for the exportation thereof to the kingdom of Ireland, or to bis Maje-fty's plantations in America \ be it enafted by the authority a-forefaid. That the keeper or keepers, of the faid warehoule or Book to be warehoufes, who (hall be appointed by the commiffioners of his kept for e»-Majefty’s cuftoms and inland duties, (hall keep one or more Slivered out book or books, wherein they (hall fairly enter in writing, an for exporta-exaft, particular, and true account of all fuch tea which (hall, tion. from time to time, be delivered out of the faid warehoufe or warehoufes for exportation to Ireland, or the plantations in America, and the names of the refpeftiye perfon or perfons to whom, or for whole ufe, the fame was delivered out, and the particular days and times when the fame was fo delivered out; and (hall, A quarterly at the end of every three months, or oftener if required, tranf- account on mit in writing an account thereof, upon oath, to the faid com-miflioners of the cuftoms and inland duties refpeftively for the tl^commif-time being; and the faid commiffioners are hereby required and ftoners, frc. enjoined, within one month after the fame (hall have been tranf-mitted to them, as aforefaid, to appoint one or more perfon or peribns to infpeft and examine the fame accounts; and if, upon examination, it (hall appear that any tea has been delivered out for exportation to Ireland, or the plantations, otherwife than and under fuch terms, forms, and conditions performed as herein are before directed, appointed, and required for the doing thereof ; then the warehoufe-keeper and warehoufe-keepers offending Penalty on therein (hall not only be dilabled to hold and enjoy any publick warehoufe-office or employment, but (hall alfo forfeit and lofe for every °ffc0<k fuch offence the fum of one hundred pounds.	ing'

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Difpofition of .one moiety of the feveral penalties and forfeitures in this aft tberorfeituresj before-mentioned (hall be to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety (hall be to the ufe of fuch 'perfon or perfons as (hall inform, profecute, or fue for the fame (except in fuch cafes where any other appropriation or diftribu-tion is made by any other aft or afts) and that all the fame penalties and forfeitures (hall and may be profecuted and fued for,

and

Digitized by LjOOQle

220	Anno	vicefimo	primo	Georgii	II.	c.	14.	1^74^

and the caufes and controverfies anting thereupon tried, beard, and method and determined in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weft-of recovering tninfter, or in the court of Exchequer at Edinburgh refpeftively them.	(except	where	any	provition	to	the contrary is made by any

other law or ftatute now in force) wherein no effoin, proteftian, >vager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any aftion or fuit (hajl be commenced againft any perfon or perlbns for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, the defen-dant pr defendants in fuch aftion or fuit may plead the general General lflue.	gjvc	thjs a<c^ an(j t])e (pcQial matter in evidence at any

trial to be had thereupon, and that the feme was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeon-tinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgment (ball be given upon any verdift or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or aefendants (hall Trable colb. and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the •	fame	as defendants have in other cafes by lav$.

*iGeo. a. c#». VII. And whereas by an aft of thisprefent /effort ofparliament (intituled, An aft for granting to his Majesty a lubfiay of poundage upon all goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom; and for raifing a certain fum of money by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the faid fubfidy; and for repealing fo much of sm aft made in the twentieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as enafts, That prize goods and merchandize . may be exported without paying any duty of cuftom or excife for the fame) it is amongfl other things enafted, That it Jbould and might be lawful to and for any perfon or perfon s, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance and pay unto the chief cqfbier or cajhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the fum of fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, for the purchafe of annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from Michaelmas, one thoufand /even hundred and forty eighty and to be charged upon, and payable out of the rates and duties granted by the faid aft, at the times, and in the manner therein mentioned; which faid fum of fix millions three hundred than-fond pounds, was thereby appointed to be paid on or before the re-fpeftive days and times, and in the refpeftive proportions herein after mentioned; that is to fay. Ten pounds per centum by way of depefit, on or before the twelfth day of'Decomber, one thoufand jeven been-dred and forty jeven; ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty eighth day of January, then next enfuing \ ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty feventh day ^February, then next ertfidngi ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty fourth day of March, then next enfuing; ten pounds per centum an or before the twenty fecond day of April, then next enfuing; ten pounds per centum me or before the twenty fourth day of May, then next enfuing; ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty firjl -day of June; then next enfuing ; ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty firjl day of

J«*y»

Digitized by v^ooQle

221

1748-] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. C. 14.

July, then next enfuing; ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty third day of Auguft, then next enfuing; and ten pounds per centum on or before the twentieth day of September, then next following ; and the faid contributors were to be allowed intereft* after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for all fums by them ad-varned and paid to the faid cajhier or cajhiers, to be computed from the refpeftive dans of the aftual payment thereof to Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight; but in cafe the faid contributors Jbould fail to make any of their refpeftive payments at the times limited in the faid aft for payment thereof\ all fums by them paid in part of the principal Jumsby them fubfiribed Jhould be forfeited: and whereas, fince the making of the aft lajl recited, feveral fums of ten pounds per centum, and other fums of money, have been depofited with and paid to the faid cajhier or cajhiers, towards raifing the faid fum of fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, and the refidue of their faid fubferiptions ought to be paid at the refpeftive days before-mentioned, but it being thought proper to enlarge the time appointed for fubfequent payments on the faid fubferiptions, for the better and more cjfeftual execution of the faid aft; be ir further en-adted by the authority aforefaid, That the ten pounds per cen- The time en-tum* which is diredted by the faid adt to be paid to the Taid larged for cafhier or cafhiers on or before the faid twenty fecond day Qf fomeof the Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, fhall and may be paid to them on or before the twenty fecond day of the fubferip-Oftober following ; and that the ten pounds per centum, which tion of is diredted to be paid by the faid adt to the faid cafhier or cafhiers 6>3°o,oo°U on or before the faid twenty fourth day of May, one thoufand Ceven hundred and fortjr eight, fhall and may be paid to them on or before the twenty fourth day of November following, fub-jedt to the fame penalties and forfeitures for nonpayment thereof at the times hereby limited, as in the faid former adt are contained : nevertheless, it is the true intent and meaning of this adt, that the feveral and refpedtive other fums of ten pounds^#-centum* diredted to be paid on or before the faid twenty firft day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, the faid twenty firft day of July, the faid twenty thira day of Auguft* and the faid twentieth day of September following, fhall be paid to the faid cafhier or cafhiers on or before thofe refpedtive days ; any thing in this adt to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enadted by theau- Contributors thority aforefaid, That the faid contributors, or their affigns, to auoW 4i. who were by the faid former adt to have paid the refpedtive pay- per cent, per ments of ten* pounds per centum on or before the recited days in ann intereft. April and in May* and who by this prefent adt are allowed to make the faid payments on or before the faid refpedtive days inOr-tober and Novemoer* (hall allow an intereft after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum* from Michaelmas* one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, for all fuch payments which fhall be made by them in part of their faid feveral fubferiptions, to be computed from that day to the time of the adtual payment thereof to the faid cafhiec or cafhiers; which intereft fhall be by

them

Digitized by

Google

•©Geo.*. «• so,

Anno vicefimo primoGEORGii II. c. 15,-17;	tr74®-

them deduced from the interefl of five pounds per centum, due to fuch contributors or their affigns on former payments.

CAP. XV.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft made In the eighth year ot the reign of his prefent Maiefty, for repairing the roads , from the town of Manchefter, leading through Newton, Failfworth, 4 and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to Aulterlands, in the parilh of Saddlewortb, in the county of York5 and for making the lame more effeftual.

The ad $ Geo. s. c. 3. continued /or wyears.

CAP. XVI.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft paffed in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Mu)tlky9 for. repairing the ro&J from Hertford-bricbe Hill, to the town of Bafingfioke\ and aifo the roadjrom Hertford-bridge Hul aforefaid% to the town of Odibam in the county oj Southampton 5 ana for making the faid aft more effeftual.

The ad xo Geo. z. c. is. continued for 21years.

CAP. XVII.

An aft to render more effeftual an aft made in tie twentieth year of bis Majefl/s reign, intituled, An aft for relief of fuch of his Majesty’s loyal fubjefts in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whole title deeds and writings were deftroyed or carried off by the rebels in the late rebellion,

\X^REREAS it has by experience been found imprafticable, or * * extremely difficulty for fome of his MajeJIy's dutiful and loyal fubjeds in Scotland, whofe dwelling-houfes were invaded or rifled by the rebels during the late rebellion, andwhofe title deeds and writings% or part of them, were carried off or deftroyed by the rebels% to difcover, within the time limited by an ad made in the twentieth year of Ins Majefty's reign, intituled. An aft for the relief of fuch of his Majesty’s loyal fubjefts in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whofe title deeds and writings were deftroyed or carried off by the rebels in the late rebellion; all the writings upon record belonging to them which are amifflng, and which may concern or relate to their rights and inter efts in their lands and ejlate, fo as to enable them to obtain the benefit intended by the faid ad of parliament, by applying to the court ofJeffion, and obtaining an Interioquitor of the faid court ie* cerning and declaring the extrads of fuch writings upon record to bo I equal to principals: and it is therefore neceffary to make further pro-viflons, for rendering the relief intended by thefaid ad more effedsui, , be it therefore enafted, isle.

Extrafts from the records of any writing produced in favour of any of the King's loyal fubjefts in Scotland, See. who petitioned the court of fion, and whofe writings were deftroyed by the rebels, to be deemed equal to the principal. Oath to be made of the principal writing being ddbef* ed by the rebels. Defendant may objeft to the extraft. Perions with*	J

the defeription of this aft allowed time to petition and make proof of their pofleflions. If the proof be fatisfaftory, the court to regifter their deter* mination, which (hall be admitted as evidence. Extraft of the judgment of the court may be produced in any fubfequent petition or fast, is evi*

1748-] Anno vlcefimo primo Geokgii II. c.18.

dence. Where the writings have been tom or defaced by the rebels, the fofferers upon producing the hud writings, to be relieved.

CAP. XVIII.

An aid for draining andpreferving certain fen lands in the fevered parijhes of Maney, Upwell, Welney, Downham, Witcham, and in a certain extraparoebial place in Byal t Fen 1vitbin the ijle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

WHEREAS certain fen lands and low grounds lying and being in the feveral parijhes of Maney, Welney, Upwell, Downham, Witcham, and a certain extraparoebial place in Byal Fen, within the ijle of Ely and county of Cambridge, and within the great level of the fens called Bedford Level, containing in the whole, fix thoufand feven hundred acres, or thereabouts (nine hundred and thirty acres whereof, or thereabouts, are commonable lands, and the reft are feverals) the great eft part of which fetid lands are within the manor if Maney, and the reft within the parijhes of Welney, Upwell, Downham, Witcham, and a certain extraparoebial place in Byal Fen, and are bounded as follows, videlicet; from a bant known by the name of The Thirty Feet Bank, at a place called Welche’s Dam, along a drain known by the name of The Twenty Feet Drain, to the outring ditch of the Jive hundred acres of lana, commonly called Carter’s Farm, next to the land in the pojfejfion of Richard Holditch, efquire, and along the faid outring ditch, to certain lands in the poJfeJTton of Mary Wright widow, and from thence to a certain drove called Byal Fen Drove, and from thence along the faid drove to the faid drain called The T wenty Feet Drain, and from thence to Welney river, and from thence by the faid river, to a place called Darcy Load, and from thence along Darcy Load to a place called Twide Load, and from thence along Twide Load, to a place called Maney Field, andfrom Maney Field crofs the faid drove called Byal Fen Drove, to toe outring ditch of certain lands now in the pojfejfion of Richard Read efquire, next to a place called Wentworth Farts, and along the faid outring ditch, to the five hundred acres of land, commonly called Cartels Farm, and along the outring ditch of the faid five hundred acres next the Parts, to the outring ditch of the find Carter’s Farm, next Chatteris Common, and from thence along the faid outring ditch, to the outring ditch of certain lands in the pofjejjion of William Blunt efquire, and from thence along the outring ditch of the faid lands, and the lands now in the pojfejfion of Thomas Afpland, to the aforefiaid bank known by the name of The Thirty Feet Bank, and from thence along the faid Thirty Feet Bank to Welchc’s Dam aforefaid, are fubjeft to inundations through the defeft of their outfals to Jea, and are in danger of being rendered ufelefs, to the great damage and impoverijhment of the owners of fitch grounds, and lofs to the publick: and whereas the faid fen lands and law grounds cannot be preferved without the aid of parliament, to enable the owners thereof, and commoners therein, to drain the fame and Ut keep the fame drained for the future $ may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majefty that it may be ena&ed, (3V.

Com-

Digitized by L,ooQle

q.	Anno	vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 19.	[t^

Commiflioners impowered to make drains, &c. and ere<Et engine*, making fatisfa&ion to the owners of the foil. In cafe of difference, the iufticce to adjudge the damage. Coramiflioners impowered to make affeflmeatt* The High Lands not to be aflefled. Commiflioners to determine whac lands (hall be deemed fuch. Commiflioners may aflign over the taxes as a fecurity for money borrowed. Commiflioners to imbank at the bropne-' tors expences certain parts of the Twenty Feet Drain, &c. If tne owners of lands refufe to pay their quota, it is to be levied by diftrefs and fale. Tenants to pay the rates, and deduft the fame out of the rent. Penalty of tool on damaging and deftroying the works, For want of diftrefs the jperfon to be committed. Penalty of^ burning the engines, § years imprisonment. Second offence, felony. The receipts and disbursements to be infpefled, and the accounts fettled yearly by the comtnif* doners. The rights of the confervators of Bedford Level referved. *

CAP. XIX.

Ah aft for the more effeflu trial punijbment of treafon and mifprifton of high	in the highlands if

Scotland •, and for abrogating	of taking	down

the evidence in writing in certain criminal profecutions and for making fome further regulations relating to Jberiffs depute and Jtewarts deputand their fubjlitutes i and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

FO R the more impartial and effectual trial and punilhment of all offences of high treafon and mifpriiion of high treafon, committed in the highlands of Scotland, and the limits and bounds herein after-mentioned, and for taking afvay any hopes of impunity from perfons guilty of crimes fo dangerous to his Majedy’s government, and the prefent happy eftablifhment; be it ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the flrft hteMrcafon ^ April, in the year, of our Lord one thoufand fevenhun-Sec. in the ’dred and forty eight, all offences of high treafon, and mifpri-highlands, Con of high treafon, already committed, or hereafter to* be committed, in the (hires of Dunbartain, Sterling, Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverttfs, Nairn, Cromartie, Argyll, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland,	Caitbnifs, Elgtne, and and the (hire or dew-

artry of Orkney, or any of them, in that part of Great Britain, mav be tried Scotland,may be enquired of, heard, tried, and, detain any county ®»ned in the court of judiciary there, in the county, (hire, or in Scotland. * dewartry where the faid court (hall fit, or before fuch commif-fioners or judkes of Oyer and	, and in fuch county,

(hire, or (tewartry, within that part of Great Britain, called Scotland, as (hall be afiigned by his Majedy, his heirs or fuccef-fors, by his or their commifiion, under the great feal of Great Britain, in like manner and form, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch offences of high treafon, or mifpriiion of high treafon, had been done or committed in the fame county, (hire, or ftewartry where they (hall be fo enquired of, heard, tried, and determined, as aforefeid.

II. And

Digitized by Google

1748**3 Anno vicefimo priirio Georgii II. c. 19.	225

H. And to the end, that there may be no defe<5t of jurors to Jurors may be enquire of, or try the faid offences of high treafon, and mifpri- take^i from the lion of high treafon, committed in any part of Scotland; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That allenquiries and trials for high trelfon, or mifprifion of high treafon, committed dr to be committed in that part of Gnat Britain called Scotland, may be had by good and lawful men, not only of the body of the county, mire, or ftewartry out of which they ought to come, by virtue of the provifion aforefaid, or of former laws, but alfo of the bodies of the counties, (hires, or ft,ewartries next adjoining, or any of them; and the faid court of jufticiary, and the^^^ faid commiflioners or juftices of Oyer and Terminer refpedtively, fticiary and* * may and (hall iffue procefs for that'purpofe, to the refpechve juitices to if-Iheriffs or ftewarts of the faid county, (hire, or ftewartry out *J*e proofs for of which the jury ought to come as aforefaid, and the counties, furort!1™ °* ihires, or ftewartries next adjoining thereto^ or any of them, requiring them to return fuch a number of jurors refpedtively, as to the faid court, or the faid commiflioners, or juftices (hall feem meet; and that in all fuch cafes, no challenge tor the coun- No challenge

S, (hire, or ftewartry (hall be allowed; but neverthelefs upon fortHcc°un*y# e trial of any fuch high treafon, or mifprifion of high treafon, tbe challenge to any juror for not being poflefled in his own right, or in the right of his wife, of lands or tenements, as proprietor or life renter within the county, (hire, or ftewartry, out of which but all other the jury ought to come as aforefaid, or within any of the coun- ,cgal chatties, (hires, or ftewartries next adjoining thereto, and all other ^cs al,ow' lawful challenges to jurors (hall be allowed*

HI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That three of the lords of the jufticiary (hall be named and afligned jufti-in every fuch commiflion of Oyer and Terminer, whereof one to cjary to be la be of the Quorum; and that if any indictment of high treafon, the commif-or mifprifion of high treafon, (hall be found before any fuch fio*} jjf Of* commiflioners or juftices of Oyer and Terminer, and requeft (hall and 7trmmtr\ be made by the advocate of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, for Scotland, to the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commiflioners of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, to remove fuch indictment into the court of jufticiary in Indictments of Scotland \ then the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords treafon, commiflioners of the great feal of Great Britain for the time be- orhisma^ ing, (hall award a writ of Certiorari, under the faid great feal, jetty’s advo-direCted to fuch commiflioners or juftices of Oyer and Terminer, cate, ma>; be thereby commanding them, or any of them, to certify fuch in- certified into diCtment into the faid court of jufticiary; which court (hall have power and authority, and is hereby required to proceed upon, hear, and determine the fame, as the court of King's Bench in England, may do upon indiCtmehts of high treafon, or mifprifion of high treafon, removed or certified into the faid court ; and in every fuch cafe, the trial in the faid court of jufticiary Jurors 5n fuch (hall be had by a jury of the county, (hire, or ftewartry, where-	”*£***

in fuch indictment (hall be found, or of that, and of one or °	^

more of the counties, (hires, or ftewartries next adjoining, and Vol. XIX.	Q.	the

Digitized by v^ooQle

Zl6

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 19.

the/aid court is hereby itopowered to iffue procefs : pofe ; and the benefit of fuch challenges, to any of theflprs e hereby before allowed, and hone other, (hall be aBted

fs for thiHir-

as are

Peers to be tried by their peers.

Perfons con-

The faid Claufes to be jn force for 7 years.

upon every fuch trial in the faid court of judiciary.

IV.	Provided always. That if any peer of this realm (hall

happen to be indidted of any high treafon, or mifprifion of high treafon, by authority of this a<ft, then after fuch indidtment found, every fuch peer (hall have his trial by his peers, in fuch manner and form, as by law a peer of this realm is to have his trial.	x

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority afordaid, That

viaed of high all perfons convidted or attainted of any high treafon, or naif-treafon fubjeft prif10n of high treafon, purfuant to this adt, (hall be fubjed of blood^&c11- an<*	to ^ie ^ame corruption of blood, pains, penalties,

*	'	and forfeitures, as perfons convidted or attainted of high trea-

fon, or mifprifion of high treafon, purfuant to an adt made in 7 Ann*, c.2i. the feventh year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne>

• intituled, An aft for improving the union of the two kingdoms.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further efnadted by the authority aforefaid, That the provifions and claufes hereinbefore-mentioned and contained, (hall be and continue in force ford* fpace of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefllon of parliament, and no longer.

VII.	And whereas the taking down, and reducing into writingthe evidence given in criminal caufes and profecutions (not extending to the lofs of life, or to demembration) before the court of jufticiaryyani the circuit courts in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, bos By experience been found very inconvenient, and to occafion great delay\ as well as expence $ be it further enadted by the authority

uown me evi atore^a^> That from and after the firft day of July, in the yew deuce hTwrit- °f our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, it mall ing in certain and may be lawful for the faid court of judiciary, and the hid refpedtive circuit courts, to proceed in, try, and determine aC caufes and profecution6 before them, for any crime or crimes, not inferring the punifhment of death or demembration, whereupon the verdidi of an aflize or jury is to pafs, upon examining and hearing the evidence of the witnefs or witnefles adduced or examined in any fuch caufe or profecution viva voce, without reducing into writing the teftimony of any fuch witnefs or witnefles; and that the practice of taking down, and reducing intt writing the teftimony of witnefles in foch cafes, be and the finn is hereby abrogated and abolilhed. vvuuiw wiw VIII. Provided always, and be it enadted, That in ftich cafc p^mcTmajT where the teftimony of witnefles (hall not be reduced into wm firterrogateihe ting, the counfel on both tides, and the pannel, may interrogafi the witnelfes to and upon pertinent and legal queftions; and tin immediately before the aflize or jury (hall be inclofed, the eri dence ihali be funimed up by the judges, before whom fuch ma (hall be had, or one of them.

IX. Aiul it is hereby further enadted* That the feveral fort erected, or hereafter to bt erected by his Majesty, his hem « 6	fuccdfori

The taking down the evi-

cnminal profecutions. abrogated.

Counfel and

witnefles Judge to fum Op the evidence.

His majefty'*

Digitized by t^ooQle

174*0 Anno vfcelimo primo Georgii II. c. ig.	227

lucceflbrs, within the faid (hires of Dunbar tain. Sterlings Perth, forts declared Kincardine, Aberdeen, Invernefs, Nairn, Cromartie, Argyll, Forfar, ,awful Banff, Sutherland, Caithnejs, Elgtne, and Rofs, and the (hire or ftewartry of Orkney, or any of them,- (hall be, and they are hereby declared to be lawful prifons, for the commitment and fafe cuftody of offenders; and the feveral and refpe&ive officers. The officer* bomtnanding for the time being irt any fuch fort or forts, are to receive, See. hereby impowered and required to obey and execute all legal	corn-

orders and warrants, that (hall be to them directed for the re- warrant ?rom ceiving and detaining, or releafing and liberating any perfon or themagiftrate. perfons, committed to their charge or cuftody, by the civil ma-^iftrate.

X.	And it is hereby further ena<5ted, That no (heriff depute, Regulations or ftewart depute, or fubftitute to any (heriff depute or ftewart relatingtoflie-depute, of any county, (hire, or ftewartry in Scotland, after the "rt * depute,W" twenty fifth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thou- and their fub-fand feven hundred and forty eight, (hall be fteward, chamber- ftitutes. lain, or commiflioner to any fubjedt whatfoever, or collector of

the cefs, or (hall exercife or a61 in the employment, fervice, or office, of fuch fteward, chamberlain, .commiflioner, or collector; and if any fuch (heriff depute or fteward depute, or fubftitute to any (heriff depute or ftewart depute, (hall accept or take upon him any fuch employment, fervice, or office, or exercife the fame, or a & therein, he (hall from thenceforth forfeit his office or employment of (heriff depute, ftewart depute, or fubftitute, and be ipfo fafto dilabled to hold, enjoy, or exercife the fame.

XI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Sheriffs an(i

That no fuch (heriff depute or ftewart depute (hall be capable ftewarts de-of being elefled, or of fitting or voting as a member of the houfe putedifquali-of commons.	Ped from bc*

XII.	And whereas his Majejly has thought ft, for the more tafy ^Uament.

adminijlralion of juftice, to appoint one Jhe.rijf depute only for the	p

/hires of Fife and Kinrofs, one only for the /hires of Sterling and Clackmannan, one only for the Jhires of Argyll ana Bute, one only for the /hires of Elgin and Nairn, one only for the Jhires of Sutherland and Caithnefs, and one only for the flAres of Rofs and Cro-martie ; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the (he- _ -,	-

riffs depute appointed for the faid (hires, (hall not be obliged fterifode-0 to refide four months in each of the faid (hires, but that their pute, refidence within the two (hires, confidercd as one diftri<5t in that refpe<5l, lhall be deemed fufficient to all intents and purpofes*

All I. And be it further enafted, That until a new diftribu-tion and divifion of the circuits in Scotland (hall be made, in pur-	the

fuance of the aft of the twentieth year of his prefent Majefty’s circuit ac_ reign (intituled. An aft for taking away and abolijhing the bereta- cording to ble juri/diftions in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and Geo. IX. for making fatisfaftion to the proprietors thereof, and for reftoring c* 43* fuch jurifdiftions to the crown; and for making more cffeftual provi-fion for the adminif ration of juflice throughout that part of the united kingdom, by the King's courts and judges there, and for obliging all

Q, 2	perfons

a*8 Anno vicefffno primo Georgii II. a 20,-~23.	£1748.

perfons ailing as procurators, writers, or agents in the law in Scotland, to take the oaths ; and for rendering the union of the two ting* The judges	doms more complete) the judges appointed to hold the circuit conns

appointed for at Dumfreis and Jedburgh (hall likewife be appointed to hold the Dumfries and circuit court at Air, which (hall be, and be deemed to be with-alfohofdthe *n t*ic ^mits °f circuit, commonly called The Southern Cir-circuit court ***** until fuch new divifion and diftribution of the circuits in at Air. Scotland (hall be made as aforefaid.

CAP. XX.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aSt patted in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firlt, for repairing the feveral roads leading from Birmingham, through the town of Wednesbury, to a place called High BuTlen, and to Great Bridge \ and from thence to the end of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the townfhip of Bilfon $ and from Great Bridge, through Dudley 10 King-Swinford, and to the further end of BritteJLane, in the counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcefter.

The 13 Geo i. c. 14. continued for%i years.

CAP. XXL

An aft for erefting workhoufes, for the better employing and maintaining the poor within the burgh of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the county of Suffolk; and for the better repairing and paving theftreets and highways there.

CAP. XXII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft patted in the thirteenth year of the reign of nis late majefty King George the Firft, j intituled, An ait for repairing the roads leading Jrom the town of Broof-groan to the town of Dudley, in the county of IVorceficr, and from thefmd town of Bromf rove to the town of Birmingbamt in tie county of Wammdc ; fo far as the laid aft relates to repairing the roads leading from the town of Birmingham, to the town of Brora&rove, in the county of Worcef-ter $ and for making the fame more efFeftual.

*Ihe act 13 Geo. 1. c. 15. continued for ai years,

CAXXIII.

An all for granting to bis Majefty the fum of one million tut of the finking	fund, for the fervice of the year one tbemfmai

feven hundred and forty eight; and for	of

money remaining in the	arifen by the rates and

duties on houfes which determined at Ladyday, fand feven hundred and forty feven; and for the further expropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament j and for applying a certain fum of	for defraying the charge of the	for the year	onetStoa-

fand feven hundred and forty eight t to feveral private gentlemen of the two troops	aai

three regiments of borfe lately reduced.’

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembtcd» .feeing defirous to raife the neceflary fupplies which we hare cheap*

Digitized by

174®*] Anno vlcefimo primo Georgii II. 0,23.	229

fully granted to your Majefty in this feflion of parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, in the eafieft manner we are able, for the benefit of your Majefty** fubjefts, and alfo to ufe fuch ways and means therein as that your Majefty may have the better and more fpeedy effeft of the faid fupplies, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the fum of one million, out of the furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund \ and to that end and purpofe do molt humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That by or out of fuch monies as now are, or (hall from time to time be and re- 0nc »lllion main in the receipt of the exchequer, of the faid furplufles, ex-cedes, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund fund.	*

(after paying or referving fufficienttopay all fuch fum and fums of moneyas have been directed by any former aft or aftsof parliament to be paid out of the fame) there (hall and may beiflu-ed, and applied, a fum not exceeding the faid fum of one million, for and towards the fupply granted to his Majesty for the fervice of the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight; and the commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commifiioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowcred to iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid, That Appropri*-all the monies which have arifen, or (hall arife into the receipttion ?^the of his Majesty’s exchequer, of the feveral rates and duties on houfes, which determined at Ladydaytont thoufand feven hun- duties on dred and forty feven, (hall be deemed and taken, and be appli- houfes.

ed as part of the fund for paying and difcharging the feveral annuities and other payments charged by an aft of the laft feflion of parliament, on certain rates and duties on houfes, windows, and lights granted by the faid aft ; and the commifiioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the fame thereunto according-ly ; any thing in this or any former aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And it is hereby enaftedby the authority aforefaid, That Claufe of loan in cafe the faid commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any at P*? three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any ccnt* three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time

being, (hall think it advifeable to raife the faid fum of one million, of any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein after mentioned, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick of pqrpofatt, to advance or lend to bis Majefty, at the rg-

Digitized by v^ooQle

230	Anno	vicefimo	primo	Georgii	H.	c.	11748.

ccipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, any fum or Aims of money not exceeding the faid Aim of one million, upon the credit of the faid furplufles, excefies, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund; and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, intereft after a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, fo as fuch loans be allowed to be made by the faid commiflloners of the treafury, or any three or more of them nov\r being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commifiioners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to iflue their warrants for that pur-pofe as faft as (uch loans (hall be wanted for the publick fervice; and moreover that no money fo to be lent on the fecurity.of this aft (hall be rated or aflefled to any tax or afleffment whatfoever. Tallies and IV. And be it further enabled. That all and every perfon and payment Pcr^ons w*10	^en(*	any	money	upon	the credit of this ad as

”	* aforefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer,

(hall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the fame, 2nd an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her, or their tally, in or upon which order fhall be alfo contained a warrant for payment of intere$for the forbear-to carry 4I. per ance thereof, not exceeding the faid rate of four pounds percents- hiterelt. turn per annum, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and all fuch orders for repayment of money fo to be lent (hall be regiftred in courfe according to the Orders to be dates refpe&ively; and that all and every perfon and perfons rafter’d, a*!d (hall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall (land re-p*i in courle. gjftrC(j jn tbe faid regifter books, fo as the perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftra-' tors, or affigns, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders firft entered in the faid books of regifter, (hall he taken and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the faid furplufles, excefies, or overplus monies > and he, (he, or they, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, lhall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fuccefiively and in courfe; and that the monies to come in, of or for the faid furplufles, excefies, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund, as aforefaid, (hall be in thd fame order liable to the fatisfa&ion of the faid refpe&ive perfons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or affigns refpeftively, without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other life, intent, or purpofe whatfoever (other than fuchufes or purpofes as are appointed by any other a<ft or a6b of parliament in that hehrit as aforefaid;) and that no fee, reward, or gratuity dire&hr er K® f<e for re- indirectly (hall be demanded or taken of any of his Majcfys gifbrmg, See. fubjeCts for providing or making of any fuch books or ruyUgi, or any entries, views, or fearches in or for payment of momq lent, or the intereft thereof as aforefaid, by any of his Majety* officer or officers, their clerks, or deputies, on pain of payment pf treble damages to the party grieved by the party offendlof* ;

with ,

Digitized by

174^0 Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 23.	231

with full cods of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo; and if any undue preference of one before another (hall be made either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this ad, by any fuch officer or officers, then the party offending (hall be liable by adion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt with full cofts of Juit to the party grieved, and p#najty. • fhall be forejudged of his place or office; and if fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mafter, then fuch deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to fuch adion, debt, damages, and cods, ana (hall be for ever after incapable of his place or office; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt (hall not dired the faid orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon fuch order, according to each perfon’s due place and order as before direded, then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpedive deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to fuch adion, debt, damages, and coft9* in fuch manner as aforefaid; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages. Penalties how and cofts, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, bc recover-or any their deputies or clerks, (hall and . may be recovered by cd# adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at IVejlminJUr \ wherein no eflbin, pro-tedion, privilege, wager of law, injundion, or order of reftraint (hall be in any wife granted or allowed.

V.	Provided always, and it is declared, That if it (hall hap- provifQ. pen that feveral tallies of loan or orders for payment as aforefaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of

the receipt to be regiftred, then it (hall be interpreted no undue preference which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he enters them all the fame day.

VI.	Provided alfo. That it (hall not be interpreted any undue Provifo. preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor dired, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers

do pay fubfequent orders to perfons that come and demand their monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders incourfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed of, but kept for them ; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every perfon Orders aflign-and perfons to whom any money (hall be due for loans to be re- a^e* giftred by virtue of this ad, after order entered in the book of

regiftry as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftra-tors, or affigns, by proper words of alignment to be indorfed and written upon his, her, or their order, may affign or transfer his, her, and their right, title, intereft, and benefit of fuch order, or any part thereof to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt as aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of regiftry afore-

cu	faid

Digitized by ^ooQle

*3*	Annovicefimo	primo GeoRGII II. C.*3.	'TJ748-

No fee for faid for orders (which the officers (hall upon requeft without fee or charge accordingly make) (hall intitlc fuch affignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, or affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon, and fuch affignee mav in The aflign- like manner affign again, and fo toties quotiei; and afterwards it jpent not to be (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who have or voided. hath maeie fuch affignment, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VIII.	And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain fum not to exceed in the whole the faid fum of one million, to be raifed either by fuch loans as aforefaid, or by ifiuing exchequer bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means for the publick ferrice ; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the com-Treafury may millioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them make new bills now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the fa^d^nemil- commiffioners of' the treafury for the time being, -(hall judge it lion, Sec. more advifeable to raife the faid fum of one million, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, inftead of fuch loans as aforefaid, that then they refpctively are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills, for any fum or.Aims of money not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of one million, together with fuch loans as aforefaid, in the farqe or like manner, form, or order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain ait of parliament (for continuing the duties upon mak, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thou-fand (even hundred and forty eight) are enacted and preferibed, concerning the exchequer bills to be made in putfuance of the faid act.

The c^chc- IX. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrdaid, quer bills to be That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges Tubjeft to the advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in contatned in t^lc Iaft-mentioned act relating to the loans or exchequer »i Geo.*, c. i. hills authorized to be made by the lame act, except fuch claufes as do charge t)ic fame on the rates or duties, granted by the fame at, (hall be applied and extended to the exchequer Dills to be made in purfuance of this at, as fully and effetually to all intents and purpofes as if the faid exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faic} laft mentioned at, or as if the find fevcral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated or re-cnated in the body of this prefent at.

Exchequer X. And be it enated by the authority aforefaid, That all the bills, See. to exchequer bills as (hall be made in purfuance of this at, and be repaid out the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or it-fund6 fin	tending the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and charge-

*	able upon, and (hall be repaid and borne by or out of the grow-

ing produce of the faid furplufles, exceffes, or overplus monks, commonly called The finking fund (except fuch monies o& the pnking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufesty

any

Digitized by Google

233

1748.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 23.

any former or other aft or ads of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may beiflued and applied, as fad as the fame can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharging fuch exchequer bilk, intered, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them fliall be paid off, cancelled, and dif-chaiged, or money fuffic'Jht for that purpofe be kept and re-ferved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpec-tive proprietors thereof.

XI. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority afore- The furplucof faid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by the malt aft, loans or exchequer bills, upon one aft of this feffion of parlia- &c* ment, (intituled, An aft for continuing the duties upon malt, mumy cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majejly certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland ; for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty tight \) and lb much money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted, as (hall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made, or to be made on the fame aft, and all the intered, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid duties, (hall be Satisfied, or money Sufficient (hall be refcrved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame; and alfo all Annuidet, the monies coming into the exchequer by Sale of annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, upon one other aft of this feffionof parliament (intituled, An aft for granting to hit Majejly a fubfidy of poundage upon all goods ana merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom \ and for ratling a certainfum of money by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the faid fubfidy \ and for repealing fo much of an aft made in the twentieth year of his pre-fent Majejly* s reign, as enafts, That prize goods and merchandize may be exported without paying any duty of cujlom or excife for the fame;) and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other aft of this feffion of parliament, (intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight;) and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the tax thereby granted, as (hall arife or remain, after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame aft, and all the intereft, premium, rate and ebarees thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the (aid land tax, (hall be Satisfied, or money Sufficient (hall be rererved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame; and the fum of applied, one million by this aft granted, (hall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the Several ufes, intents, and purpofes herein after exprefled (that is to fay)

XII.	It is herein enafted and declared. That out of all or Out of the aids any the aids or Supplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iflued in general to and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two **	1

millions two hundred ninety eight thoufand eight hundred twen-	nawS*’

Digitized by v^ooQle



91,4961. 16 s.

3 d. for freight of tranfports.

43,9371.1’ s. 3d. fqr victualling the land forces.

10,0001. to Greenwich boipitai.

1,000,000 1. towards the debt of the navy.

501,629!. 18s. 2 d. to the office of ord-nance.

196,0891. 19 s. 7d. to the marines.

3»7$t,c761. 9s. id, iq. to the land forces;

Anno viccfimo primo G^orgii IL c.23.	[174?.

ty feven pounds, nine (hillings, and five pence, for or towards the naval feryicea herein after more particularly exprefied; that is to (av> for or towards defraying the charges of the ordinary of his Majesty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea-ofiicers ; and for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea fervices in the office of (finance, performed and to he performed; and for or towards carrying on the building of the intended hofpital for fick and wounded feamen at Gofpwrt, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight.

XIII.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed by the authority aforeiaid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (haU and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ninety one thoufand four hundred ninety fix pounds, fixtecn (hillings, and three pence, for the freight of tranfports in the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty (even \ and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding forty three thoufand nine hundred thirty feven pounds, eleven (hillings, and three pence, for the expence of victuals provided for his Majesty’s land forces, in the year one thoufand feven* hundred and forty feveii.

XIV.	And it is hereby alfo enaCted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, thCre (hall and may be ifiued and applied any (urn or fums of money, not exceeding ten thoufand pounds, upon account, towards the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the fain hofpital,' worn out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one million, towards paying off and difeharging the debt of the navy.

XV.	And it is hereby alfo enaCted, That out of ail or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding five hundred one thoufand fix hundred twenty nine pounds, eighteen (hillings, and two pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervice, not provided for by parliament.

XVI.	And it is hereby likewife enaCted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred ninety fix thoufand eighty nine pounds, nineteen (hillings, and feven pence, for defraying the charge of eleven thoufand five hundred and fifty marines (commifixon and non-copomiffion officers included) for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight.

XVII.	And it is hereby likewife enaCted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three millions feven hundred fixty one thoufand five hundred feventy fix pounds, nine (hillings, and one penny farthing, for or towards maintaining his Majesty’s land forces, aod other fer-

Digitized by

Google

1748-] Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGH IL c. 25.	235;

vices .herein after more particularly exprefled ; (that is to fay ).of which any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one million two bun- *»l67t376L dred fixty feven thoufand three hundred feventy fix pounds, fo/guards^d fifteen (hillings, and nine pence three farthings, for defraying garrifons, &c, the charge of the forty nine thoufand nine hundred and thirty in Great Bri-nine effective men, including commiflion and non-commifiion tam,Guera-officers, and one thoufand eight hundred and fifteen invalids, to J^\and ^cr* be employed for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hun- 9 dred and forty eight; and any fum or fums of money, not ex^ 350,034!. 14s. ceeding three hundred fifty thoufand thirty four pounds four- x,d' 3 q* for teen (hillings, and one penny three farthings, for maintaining p°anuln • his Majesty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca tions, See. and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons at Annapolis Rsjaly Placentia, Gibraltar, Georgia, Rattan, and Cape Breton, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight; and any 460,213!. 10s. fum or fum9 of money, not exceeding four hundred fixty thou- f°r thetroopt fand two hundred twenty three pounds, ten (hillings, for de- Hanovcr * * fraying the expence of the pay and fubfiftence of a body of the troops of Hanover, confiding of five thoufand horfe, and feven-teen thoufand and feventy foot, making in the whole twenty two thoufand and feventy men, to alt in the Low Countries, with the Aujlrian troops, and thofe of the States General of the united provinces, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten io,oeol. fora thoufand pounds, for a train of artillery to attend the faid troops; train of ar-and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred fixty tlllery* feven thoufand eight hundred eighty one pounds, eighteen (hil- 167,881]. i8k lings, and ten pence, for the proportion of the fubfidy payable I?p,^troap* by Great Britain to the emprefs of RuJJia, for a body or troops of Ruffia* to confift of thirty thoufand men, to be employed for the fervice of Great Britain, the States General of the united provinces, and their allies, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, and for defraying the charge of the march of the faid troops to the frontiers of Upper Silefia; and any fum or fums of x 50,0001. for money, not exceeding one hundred and fifty thoufand pounds ^ora?c>^5: upon account, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and troops*. ** forty eight, towards defraying the proportion payable by Great Britain of the provifions and forage to be furnifhed to the faid troops, from the time of their arrival on the frontiers of Upper Silefia, until they return to the frontiers of Poland; and any fum 161,951!. 14s. or fums of money not exceeding one hundred fixty one thoufand nine hundred fifty one pounds, fourteen (hillings, and feven Sweden, &c. pence farthing, for defraying the charge of one thoufand two hundred and fixty four horfe, and four thoufand nine hundred and eight foot, with the general officers, and train of artillery, the troops of his majefty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hejfe CaffelL, in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, to the twenty fourth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, both inclufivc, together with the fubfidy for the faid time, purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums of

money,

*3 6

57.79* •• 7»* 5d. a q. tor troops ot the duke of Brunfwick Wolfenbuttle;

40040001. to the Queen of Hungary.

500,0001. to the King of Sardinia.

8,6101. to the Elector of Menu.

16,8461. 11s, 9 d. to the Ele&or of Bavaria.

<3,8611. 31. for general and ttatf officers.

315,8761. 8 s. 9 d. 3 q. for the war in Flanders, Scc.

*7(?**1. 6 ». to officers on half-pay.

3,8861. 18 s.

8 d. 1 q. to the

Senfions of re-uced officers widows, &c.

Anno vicefimo primo GeorGii II. c. 23.	[1748.

money, not exceeding fifty feven thoufand feven hundred ninety two pounds, feven (hillings, and five pence halfpenny, for defraying his Majesty’s proportion of the charge o£ maintaining four thoufand eight hundred foot, with the general officers, and train of artillery, the troops of his moll ferene highnefs the duke of Brunfwick Wolfenbuttle, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand (even hundred and forty eight, to the twenty fourth day of December following, both mclufive, taken into the fervice of his Majesty and the States General, together with his Majesty’s proportion of the fubfidy, purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding four hundred thoufand pounds, to enable the Queen of Hungary to fupport her allies, and maintain fixty thoufand men in the Low Countries, and the like number in Italy, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three hundred thoufand pounds, to make good his Majesty’s engagements with the King of Sardinia, purfuant to treaty ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eight thousand fix hundred and twenty pounds, to make good his Majesty’s engagements with the Elector of Men% purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty fix thoufand eight hundred forty fix pounds, eleven Jhillings, and nine pence, to make good his Majesty’s engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifty three thoufand eight hundred fixty one pounds, and three (hillings, for the pay of the general, and general ftaff officers, and officers of the hofpitals for his Majesty’s land forces, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three hundred fifteen thoufand eight hundred leventy fix pounds, eight (hillings, and nine pence three farthings, for defraying the extraordinary expences of his Majesty’s land forces in Flanders, in North Britain, and America,™ of other fervices, incurred in the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and not provided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty feven thoufand two hundred twenty four pounds, fix (hillings, upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his Majesty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thoufand feven nundred and forty eight, fubjed to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after preferibed concerning the fame; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three thoufand eight hundred eighty fix pounds, eighteen (hillings, and eight pence farthing, for paying of peqfions to the widows of fuch reduced officers of his Majesty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the eftabli(hmcnt of half-pay in Grtot Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty lift day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, fa the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight; which faid fum of three thoufand eight hundred eighty fix pounds, eighteen (hillings, and eight pence farthing, (hall be ifiued 10

fuch

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1748.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgn II. c. 23.'	237

fuch pcrfon or perfons, as his Majesty (hall, by warrant or warrants under his Majesty’s royal fign manual, direCt or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to fuch widows of half-pay officers, or their afiigns, according to fuch eftablilhments, lifts, or other directions, and with and fift)je<5t to fuch conditions, qualifications, and other allowances for the fame, as his Majesty, by fuch and the like warrant or warrants,

(hall be gracioully pleafed to direCt and appoint.

XVIII.	And it is hereby alfo enaCted, That out of all orany roo,oool. to the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iflued and difcharge the applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding five hundred like fambor-thoufand pounds, to enable his Majesty to difcharge the fum ofrowcd' «c. five hundred thoufand pounds, raifed In purfuance of an aCk

pa/Ted in the laft feflion of parliament, and charged on the firft aids or fupplies to be granted in parliament, after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven.

XIX.	And it is hereby alfo enaCted, That out of all or any io,oool. for the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iflued and building the paid to the commiflioners for building a bridge crofs the river

Thames, from the city of Wejlminjter to the oppofite (hore, in the wc m county of Surrey, or any feven or more of them, or to fuch per-fon or perfons as (hall bt appointed under the hands and feals cf the faid commiflioners, ,or any feven or more of them, to receive the fame, the fum of twenty thoufand pounds, without account, other than is directed for other monies raifed by virtue of feveral former aCts of parliament, parted during the reign of his prefent Majefty, for building the mid bridge, to be applied to fini(h the faid bridge, and to enable the faid commiflioners to perform the other trufts repofed in them.

XX.	And it is hereby alfo enaCted, That out of all or any 500,0001, to the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may bC ifiiied and his applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds, upon account, to enable his Majesty to carry war;

on the war with vigour both by feaand land, and to make good fuch treaties as are or (hall be made with his Majesty’s allies, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight.

XXI.	And it is hereby alfo enaCted, That out of all or any 183,649!. «*, the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iflued and 7,d- *q-.to applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred of M^achul eighty three thoufand fix hundred forty nine pounds, two (hil-feu Bay 5 lings and feven pence halfpenny, for reimburflng to the province of Majfachufets Bay the expences they have been at in taking and fecuring to the crown of Great Britain the ifland of

Cape Breton* and its dependencies *, and any fum or fums of mo-1^,3551.13 ney, not exceeding (ixteen thoufand three hundred fifty five 4 d. to the pounds, thirteen (hillings, and four pence, for reimbursing to jwwince °f the province of New Hampflnrt their expences in the faid expe-	. mP*

dition j and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty	g6* j ( g

eight thoufand eight hundred fixty three pounds, nineteen (hill to the9 lings, and one penny, for reimburflng to the colony of ConnctIt- colony of Con-

%	cut n$Cticut i	,

* 5*»°37 1* i** ad. as a com-penfation for the heretable' jurifdiftions id Scotland.

7,118 1. 5 s.

9 d. to make good the defi ciency of the ftamp duties.

138	Anno viccfimo primo GeoRGII H. C. 23.	[1748.

6,33*1* 1* 8* cut their expences in the faid expedition; and any fum or fums so d. to the 0f !ft0ney5 not exceeding fix thoufand three hundred thirty two Rhode Ifland; pounds, twelve (hillings, and ten pence, for reimburfing to the 5471.15 s. to’ colony of Rhode IJIand their expences in the faid expedition ; James Gibfon and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding five hundred forty cfquire. feven pounds, fifteen (hillings, to James Gibfon efquire, for his fervicfcs and expences in the faid expedition.

XXII.	And it is hereby alfo enacfted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforelaid, there (hall and may be iflfued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred fifty two thoufand thirty feven pounds, twelve (hillings, and two pence, to enable his Majesty to make reafonable and juft cotnpenfatioft and fatisfa&ion for the heretable jurifdi&ions and offices in Scotland, as allowed by the court of feffion there, in purfuance of an aft of the laft feffion of parliament.

XXIII.	And it is hereby alfo enafted* That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforeiaid, there (hall and may be iflbed and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding feven thoufand orte hundred eighteen pounds, five (hillings, and nine pence, to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the additional (tamp duties at Chriftmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirteen thou (and fix-hundred fixty pounds, eighteen (hillings, and fix pence, to replace to the faid finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the duty of twelve (hil-

good the defi- lings a barrel on fweets, or wines made from Britijb or fore^n ciency of the fruit or fugar, at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and fweets °n	for*y feven ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding

35,0001. for thirty five thoufand pounds, to replace to the faid finking fund intereft on the the like fum paid out of the fame, to anfwer one year's intereft (alt duties. due at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven^ after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, on the principal fum of one million lent on credit of the fait duties, which were continued for fix years, from Lady-day, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty three, towards the fupply for 19,7651.19s. t^e year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; and any 5 d. to make’ fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty nine thoufand good the addi-feven hundred fixty five pounds, nineteen (hillings, and fivt on wf es*** Pcnce» t0 replace to the faid finking fund the like fum paid out onwiqes.	tjie famCj to make good the deficiency of the additional

' duties on wines at Midfummer, one thoufand feven hundred and 5 d?to make forty feyen» and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding good the defi- fixteen thoufand three hundred fixty two pounds, eight (hillings, ciency on li- and five pence, to replace to the faid finking fund the like fum cences for fpi- pajd out 0f the fame, to make good the deficiency of the duty qUor*18 on l‘ccnces for retailing of fpirituous liquors, at Lady-day, one 34,1771. 7 •. thoufand feven hundred and forty feven ; and .any fum or foms 3d. tq.to of money, not exceeding thirty four thoufand one hundred feventy (even pounds, feven (hillings, and three pence hdF-on%t^CildCT Penny>t0 replace to the faid finking fund <he like, fum paid out *	*	of

13,6601. i8«. 6 d. to make

Digitized by Google

*748.] Anno viccfimo primo Georgii II. c. a3.



of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the duties on glafs Spirituous K-and Spirituous liquors, at Midfummery one thoufand Seven hun- <Juors at Ml<*~ dred and forty feven ; and any Sum dr fums of money, not ex-	VI *

ceediog thirty nine thoufand eight hundred forty fix pounds. Id. *q. at eleven (hillings, and feven pence halfpenny, for making good Chriitmas. the deficiency at Chrifmas> one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, of the faid duties on glafs and Spirituous liquors; 571*8171.18s. and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding five hundred	Deficiency

Seventy one thoufand eight hundred twenty feven pounds, ^^^1747. eighteen (hillings, and feven pence, to make good the deficiency ofthe grants for the Service of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven.

XXIV.	And he it farther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. The (applies That the (aid aids or Supplies provided as aforefaid Shall not be to be applied iffued or applied to any ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, o-ther than the ufes and purpofes before mentioned, of for the aCt direc Several deficiencies or other payments directed to be Satisfied thereout by any aft or ads, or any particular claufe or claufes for that purpofe contained in any other ad or ads of this pre-fent feffion of parliament. And as to the faid Sum of twenty Rules td be feven thoufand two hdndred twenty four pounds, fix (hillings, by this ad appropriated on account of haif-pay, as aforefaid ; ti^oKhe" it is hereby enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, fam 0f That the rules herein after prescribed (hall be duly obferved in *7,324.1. 6 s. the application thereof; that is to fay, That no perfon (hall appropriated have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, and	°f

under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, p troop, or company, in Which he ferved, was reduced; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did adual fervice in Some regiment, troop, or company; that no perfon having any othef place or employment ot profit civil or military, under his Majesty, (hall have or receive any part of thfe faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garifon or regiment, who has anyecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who has refigned his commifiion, and hasjhad no com-miffion fince; that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons, who would have been otherwifeintitled to the fame as reduced officers ; and that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately difbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftahlifhment of half-pay in Great Britain,

XXV.	And whereas by ana& of tarliament made in the twentieth soGeo^.c.^S. year of bis Majejlf s reign, (intituled, An aft for granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money out of the (inking fund, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven; and alfo for enabling his Majesty to raife a farther fum of money for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned ; and for the

further

Digitized by Google

The furplus of laft year’* half-pay, to be applied to fuch objetts as bis Majelh (hall dircA.

8,851!. 5 s. to the % troops of horfe guards, See, lately re. duced.

Anno vicefimo primo Gborgii II. c. 24^ 25.	{1748.

further appropriating the fupplies granted in this ieflion of pstr± liament; and for applying a certain fum of money for defraying the charge of the allowances to feveral officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horfe guards, and three regiments of horfe, lately reduced, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven; and for continuing the bounties on the exportation of Britijb and Irijh coarfe linens) feveral fupphes which bad been granted to his Majejly, as is therein mentioned* were appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes therein expreffied* amongfl which, any fum or fums of money* not exceeding twenty nine thoufand nine hundred fourteen pounds, fifteen fallings* and ten pence* was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of bis Majeflfs landforces and marines, fubjeli neverthelefs to fucb rules td be obferved in the application of the Jaid half-pay* as in and by the aforefaid alt were fire-feribed in that behalf; now it is hereby provided, ena&ed, and declared by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of the fiud fum of twenty nine thoufand nine hundred fourteen pounds, fifteen (hillings, and ten pence, as is or (hall be more than Efficient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers, according to the rules preferibed by the faid adt to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, (hall or may be difpofed of to fuch officers who are maimed or loft their limbs in the hfe wars, or fuch others, as by reafon of their long fervice, or o-therwife, his Majesty (hall judge to be proper objedts of charity; or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants, under his Majesty’s royal fign manual, as (hall be (igned in that behalf; any thing in this adt, or the (aid former adt to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	And it is hereby likewife enadted. That out of the monies or favings arifing from the money granted by parliament, for the relief and provifion of the widows of officers, who have been killed or died in the fervice, there (hall and may be iiTued and applied, by any warrant or warrants of his Majesty, under his royal fign manual, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eight thoufand eight hundred fifty one pounds, five (hillings, for defraying the charge of allowances to feveral officers and private gentlemen of two troops of horfe guards, and three regiments of horfe lately reduced, together with the incident charges arifing therefrpm, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and forty eight.

CAP. XXIV.

An a£i for building a church in the town of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Laneafter, and for enlightening and cleanfing the ftrectsotthe laid town, and for keeping and maintaining a nightly watch there.

CAP. XXV.

An a& for repairing the roads leading from Sutton Colefield common to the town of Walfall, and from Sneals Green to Walfall, and from Walfall to Park Brook, which divides the parities of Wolverhampton and Walfall, and from Gibbet Lane to Wolverhampton, and ttom Compton to the end of the county of Stafford, aud from Wolverhampton

Digitized by L^ooQle

*4*

*748.3 Anno vicefimO prirtlo GfeoRGii 11. g. 26.

ton to the Wergs, ahd from thence to Shifnall, and from the Wergs to Kales Heath, and from Wolverhampton to Cannock Wood in the road to Lichfield.

Ctrtaln tolls granted for 21 years•

CAP. XXVl.

An aft for explaining,, amending, and enforcing an aft made' in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for prohibiting the wearing.and inv • portation of cambricks and French lawns.

WH£RE AS by an aft made in the eighteenth year of the xSGeo.s.c.jfi, reign of his prefent Majejly (intituled\ An aft for prohibiting the wearing and importation of cambricks and French lawns) it 'is Camongft other things) enafted, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, which Jhall be in the year of our Lord one thou-fond feven hundred and forty eighty it y!hall not be lawful for any per-fin or perfons wbatfoever to wear in Great Britain, in any garment or apparel wbatfoever, any cambrick or French lawn, under penalty ts ibt informer of five pounds of lawful money ofG reat Britain, for every fitch offence, bring thereof lawfully convifted by the oath or oaths ' of one or more witnefs or witnejfes, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, to be levied and recovered as is therein direftedt and whereas it is further enafted by the aforefaid aft, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one tboufandfeven hundred and forty eighty if any perfon Jhall vend, utter, felly or expofe to fale, any cambricks or French lawns, made, or not made up,fuch perfon of perfons fo vending, uttering, felling, or expoftng the fame to fale (except for exportation only) who Jhall be thereof convifted, Jball forfeit and pay the likefum of jive pounds, to be recovered and levied as afore-faid: and whereas it is further provided and declared by the faid aft.

That if any perfon Jball, after the faid twenty fourth day of June* one thousand feven hundred and forty eight, be profecutedfor wearing fuch cambrick	French lawn, and fuch perfon Jball difcover upon oath,

before anyone or more juftice or juftices of the peace, the perfon or per-fins who fold fuch cambricks or French lawns, to fuch perfon wearing the fame, fuch perfon fo dif covering as aforefaid, Jball be, and is thereby difeharged from all penalties and forfeitures inflifted by the faid aft; and that the perfon or perfons fo felling fuch cambrick or French lawns, Jhall be liable to the penalties and forfeitures laid and inflifted by the faid aft: and whereas fome doubts have arifen, or may arife, whether by the words of the faid recited aft any penalty can be inflicted, either upon the wearer of any fuch cambrick or French lawn, who Jball difeover the vender or feller thereof, or upon the vender or feller fo difeovered by the wearer thereof, in cafe it Jhall appear that j the faid cambrick $r French lawn was fold to fuch wearer previous to the aforefaid twenty fourth day oj June, one thousand feven hundred and forty eight; by which means Juch cambricks and French lawns may happen to be worn for a great number of years, without any penalty wbatfoever laid or inflifted, either on the wearer or feller thereof, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the Jaid aft, fo evident-V01. XIX.	R	iy

Digitized by kjOOQle

242	Anno	vicefimo	primo	G&QRGJI IL q. a 6*	[1748.

ly advantageous to this kingdom: andwhereas it may he difficult far many perfons to fifeertain upon oath, when or from whom fuch earn* bricks or French lawns were bought, which have been for any cm-ftderable time in their poffeffion: for the avoiding therefore of all fuch doubts and difficulties as aforefaid, be it enadted and declared ; and it is hereby enacted and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conftot oi the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons, who after the twenty fourth day of Perfons profe- June* one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, and before cuted for the twenty fifth day of Marche one thoufand feven hundred and wearing cam- forty nine, (hall be profecuted for wearing in or on any gar-ducirig^proof ment or apparel, any cambricks or French lawns, (hall make an thatthefame affidavit, or bring fufficient proof, or by the oath or affidavit tf the husband or wife of the party accufed, or by the oath or affidavit of any other credible perfon, before one or more jufticeor jultices of the peace, that the fame was bought on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and forty eight, fuch wearer fhall be, and is hereby difeharged from any penalty or forfeiture inflidted by the faid adh

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.. That at any time from and after the twenty fourth day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, if any wearer of cam-brick or French lawn, who (hall be profecuted by virtue of thc faid in part recited adt for wearing the fame, and who fhall have purchafed the fame after the twenty fourth day of Jbmr, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, (hall dilcover to the fatisfadtion of the juftice or jufticcs, the vender or feUer of fuch cambrick or French lawn, and likewise that the fsamn was fold by fuch vender or feller after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, fi> as rack

. vender or feller be convidted, and become liable to the penalties and forfeitures laid and inflidted by the laid *dt, .then, and not otherwife, fuch wearer fo profecuted (hall be and is hereby dif-fcharged from any penalty or forfeiture laid or inflidted by the faid adt; any thing in this or in the faid adt to the contnwy notwithftanding.

III.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore* faid. That whenever any perfon informed againft for wearing fuch cambrick or French lawn fhall be excufed from the penalty by difeovering the vender or feller thereof, the penalty to be levied and inflidted on fuch Vender or feller in every fuch cafe, (hall go and belong to the perfon who informed againft the wearer thereof.

IV.	And whereas tfa penalties to which wearers of cambrick or French lawns are made fubjeft, either by the faid former lawy or das prefent act, cannot in cafe the perfon convifted be a feme covert + htM* vied by law on the goods and chatties of her hufband, by mcanraf which the intent of the faid former and of this prefent aft may hapfimr to be evaded: for remedy thereof, be it further enadted by the

audio*-

Penalties to go to the in-lormer. ,

was bought before 24 June, 174*, difeharged.

The vender convicted of felling cam-brick after *4 June,1748, to be liable.

Digitized by Google

*74&] Anno viccfimo primo CteojUMi II*. c. 27,* 28.	243

authority aforefaid, That in ah cafes where the offender thall, Penalties in-at the time of the offence committed, or at the time of the con- purred by a vi&ion, happen to be a feme covert, living with her hufband, Jo be levied * the penalties which (hould be levied on. the goods and chatties 0n the goods of fuch offender, in cafe (be had been then unmarried, (hall ofthehuf-and may be levied on the goods and chatties of her huiband; band* any law to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Milliners

if any milliner, fempftrefs, or other perfon whatfoever, (hall for making Up hire, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one cambncks, thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, make up any cambrick	the

or French lawn for, in, or upon any garment or wearing apparel, pcn Cf* fuch milliner, fempftrefs, or other perfon, (hall be liable to the

like penalties and forfeitures, as the fellers of cambrick or Frenrfj lawn ahe liable to, by virtue of the faid a<ft of the eighteenth year of bis Majefty’s reign, to be profecuted and levied, and the faid penalties and forfeitures to be applied in the like manner, as the feveral penalties and forfeitures are directed to be	r

profecuted, levied, arid applied, by this or the (aid in part recited aci.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Quakers affir-That in all cafes wherein by this a<ft an oath is required to be mation to be made and taken, the /olemn affirmation of any perfon, being a taken. Quaker, (hall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof)

and that every inftance of wilful and corrupt falfe affirming, (hall Penalty of fiibjetft fuch perfon to the fame penalties and forfeitures, as he (ah® a®™®* would by law have been liable to, if the fame matter had been ln&* declared upon oath or affidavit direlted by this adh

CAP. XXVII.

An aSt for repairing the high road from Peirsbridge to Kirkfoerrington in the county of Durham, and from thence to the turnpike road at Tudboe lane end in the faid county.

Certain tolls granted for 21 yeart*

CAP. XXVIII.

jfn aft	to explain and amend an aft in the fourteenth

year of his	Majefty's reign, intituled.	An aft for the pre-

fervation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England •, and fo much of an aft pajfed in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled. An aft*for the letter repairing and a-mending the highways; and for fettling the rates of the carriage of goods, as relates to the fettling the rates of the carriage of goods.

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the fourteenth year of his pre- I+Geo.*.c.4».

fent	Majefly's reign, intituled.	An adt for the prefej-vation

of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England, it was enafted, That it /hould and might be lawful to and for all

R2	trufleet

244 Anno vlc^fimo primo GecRgii II. c. 28.	[174S.

trufiees appointed^ or thereafter to he appointed by any aft or offs if parliament) for the repair of any highway in that part Great Britain called England, or any five of them, at any or as many gate or gates) bar or bars) as they tiad er tiled) or fhould ere ft, for the rt-ceiving of any toll or tolls9 to order) cr caufe to be built or ereftei) exj crane, machine) or engine for weighing of carts, waggons, or ether carriages) for the conveying of any goods and merchandize, except es therein is excepted) and to order all fifth carriages which fhould pdfs any fuch gate or bar, to be weighed) together with the loading thereof and to take) over and above any toll granted) the fium of twenty fillings a hundred weight) for every hundred weight which every jiub carriage) together with the loading thereof) Jhould weigh over cd : above the weight of ftxty hundred: and whereas divers toll-gates and ' turnpikes, erefted and fet up purfuant to feveral afts of parliament made for repairing and amending highways and publick roads, dt Jland and are fituate at fuch places upon the faid highways and roods refpeftivelyy as are notfuitable or convenient for the eroding of piper engines and machines for the weighing of carriages as af$rejaid\ - and it would tend to the prefiryation of the faid roads and highways, and the benefit of the publick) if fuch engines were erefted at fimee-tber part 0/he Jaid roads: andwhereas fiveral per fans driving certs, waggons) and other carriages) do frequently (in order to. avoid pom the faid duty or penalty of twenty Jbislings) take out part of the boding from the faid carriages before they come to the faid weighing tn-gines) and reload them again after they have paffed the faid engines, to •	the great damage and hurt of the faid roads, and contrary to the in-

, tention of the faid aft: wherefore for remedying and preventing the faid inconveniencies and raifehiefs, be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this T fee* f prcfe111 parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fern?, th^hiehwayg ^at it (hall and may be lawful to and for all commiflioners or impowered to truftees, appointed or hereafter to be appointed for the repair of ereft engines any highway in that part of Great Britain called England, or any for the weigh- five of them refpeftively, to order or caufe to be built or creflcd riwres Clr" anY cranc> machine, or engine, for the weighing of carts, ** 9 waggon?, or other carriages, upon any part of the. road* within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, and at fuch didance from any turnpike, bar, or toll-gate, erefted and fet up in or upon the fame road, asr they refpeftively (hall think requHite and expedient \ and to take	and to caufe all carriages travelling the faid road (except fuch as

hundredCVCI^	arc the ^ a& excepted) with their loading, to be weighed,

weight ex-	and to take twenty shillings a hundred weight, for every hun-

ceeding lixty; dred weight, which any fuch carriage with the loading thereof fhall weigh, over and above fixty hundred weight; and which duty or payment of twenty shillings per hundred as aforelaid, recovery and (hall be taken, levied, and applied in the fame manner, is by kk* a(^ *s Erefted » arid perfons oppofing the weighingthe ***	***	faid carriages* or levying the faid duty, fhall be liable to thepe-

Penalty of	nalties by the faid aft inflifted on fuch offenders in the like cafe,

oppoing. to be levied and applied as is therein mentioned.

II.	And

Digitized by Google

174>8‘] Anna vieeluno primo Geougii II. C.28*	245

II.	And be it further enadted, That if any perfon (hall, after the tenth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and for- of un-

3? eight, unload or caufe to be unladen any goods or merchari- ^ to^’v^ic^ ize, out of any waggon, cart, or other carriage (except fuch the so*. fine, as in the faid adt is excepted) before fuch waggon, cart, or carriage (hall come to any weighing engine, eredted or to be eredied by virtue or in purfuance of this prefent adt, or any other adl, made or to be made for the repair or prefervation of any pub-lick highway or road within this kingdom, in order to avoid the payment of the faid duty of twenty shillings per hundred, or .

(hall load or lay upon any fuch carriage, after the fame (hall have palled any fuch weighing engine, any goods, wares, or merchandize taken or laden from any hor(e, cart, or other carriage, belonging to, or hired, or borrowed by the fame wagoner or carrier, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay to the commiflioners or truftees for repairing the road where any fuch offence (hall be committed, the fum of twenty pounds, to be paid by,' and recovered and levied upon the goods and effefts of the owner of every fuch waggon or carriage, in fuch manner, as other forfeitures are by the laid a6t directed to be recovered and levied $ and the fame forfeitures Hull be applied to the repair of the faid roads.

III.	And whereas by an aft made and pajfed in the third year of 3W.&M.C.11. the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An a61 for the better repairing and amending the highways, and for fettling the rates of carriage,of goods, it is enafted, That the jujliees of the peace of every county, and other place within the realm of England, or dominion of Wales, Jhould have power and authority, and they were thereby enjoined and required, at their next refpeftive quarter ftjfion after Eafter, yearly, to affefs and rate the prices of all land carriage of goods whatfoever, to be brought into any place within their refpeftive limits and jurifdiftions, by any common waggoner or carrier, to be certified and publijbed in fuch manner as is therein men-• tioned \ and that no fuch common waggoner or carrier Jbould take for the carriage of fuch goods or merchandize, above the rates and prices fo fet, upon pain to forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of five pounds, to be levied and recovered as is by the faid aft direfted: and whereas no rates for the carriage of goods, from dijlant parts of the kingdom to the city of London, and places adjacent, have been yet fettled, and feveral common waggoners and carriers have from thenci taken occafion to enhance the price of carriage of goods to the prejudice and obfiruftion of trade; be it therefore further ena&ed by the Penalty of authority aforelaid, That if any common Waggoner or carrier waggoners (hall, after the tenth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred jitter prfee and forty eight, demand and take any greater price for the fa carnage bringing of goods to the city of London, or to any place within than allowed, the bills of mortality, than is allowed and fettled by the juftices of the peace for the county or place from whence fuch goods are brought, for the carrying of goods from London to the faid county or place, every fuch carrier or waggoner (hall, for evfciy fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to the trie

*

Digitized by

Google

riagc.

Waggoner’s name and abode to be

246	ArmoVitefittrt)primoGeohgti If. c. 29.	[1748.

of the party grieved, to be recovered and levied in the manner by the laft-mentioned aft dhrefted, or by diftrefs and fale of his goods, by warrant under the hands ind feats of any two juftkes of the peace for the counties of Middlefex or Surrey, or city of London, or city and liberty of Weflminjler; and the clerk of the peace tocertl- Pcace evei7 c<>unry and place (half, immediately after Eafter fy yearly the" fe^i°n yearly, certify to the lord mayor of the city of London* rates for car* and alfo to the refpeftive clerk* of the peace for the counties of Middlefex and Surrey, and city and liberty of JVefrHinfler*.xbt rates and affeffments made for the carriage of goods in purfu-ance of the faid aft, in their refpeftive counties and places, which certificate, or an attefted copy thereof, figned by the officer to whom the fame (hall be fo tranfmitted, (hall be taken and deemed fufficient evidence of the rates and prices fet for the carrying of goods to any county or place.

IV.	And for the better difcovery of offenders againft this uuC iv uc Pre^ent a<^> it enafted. That every common waggoner or

. itten-ou the carrier (hall, after the firft day of July, one thoufand feven huiu carriage, dred and forty eight, place, write. Or paint, or caufe to be placed, written, or painted, upon fome confpicuous part of his vfaggon or Cart, before he (hall ufe or drive the fame, his chri-ftian and furname, and the place of his abode, in large or capital letters, upon pain to forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty (hillings, to be levied and recovered as aforefaid,

V.	And be it further enafted, That if any aftion or actions (hall at any time or times hereafter be brought againft any per-(on or perfons whatfoever, for any matter or thing, Which he, (he, or they (hall do or caufe to be done by virtue or in execution of this aft; that in fuch cafe the defendant or defendants, in every fuch aftion or aftions, (hall and may plead (he general jffue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence, on

. any trial of trials to be hereafter had in fuch aftion or aftions; and that if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any fuch aftion or actions (hall difeontinue fuch aftion or aftions, or become nonfuit, or if judgement (hall be given againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs in fttch aftion or aftions, that then the’defeodant or defendants, Treble cods. >n every fuch aftion or aftions, (hall recover his or their treble Softs 0f fuit j any law, cuftom, or ufage whatfoever to the contrary in' any wife notwithftanding.

limitation of aftions.

General iflue.

CAP. XXIX.

An aft for the further relief of the orphans and other cn* ditors of the city of London; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an aft paffed in the fifth and fixth years tf the reign of King William and Queen Mary (intituled* An M. c. ip. aft for relief of the orphans and other creditors of the city of London) it is amongfi other things enaftedThat for and towards rafing a perpetual fund to pay the yearly intereft of four pounds on

every

Digitized by v^ooQle

247

1748.] Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGH II. c. 29.

every hundred pounds due to the orphans and other creditors of the city of LoTi&on\ there Jhouldbe paid on all forts of coal or culm which Jtmid be imported into the port of the city of London, or the river of Thames within the liberty of the faid city, upon the faid river, from and after the nine and twentieth day of September, which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred (over and above all other impofttions and duties) the Jum of fix pence for every chaldron thereof and for fuch fort of coals as are Jold by the ton, for every ton thereof containing two thoufand weighty the like fum of fix pence; which impofition of fix pence was, by the faid aft, to continue from the faid nine and twentieth day of September, for and during the term of fifty years, and no longer: and whereas it was further enafted by the faid aft% That from and after fuch time, as the aforefaid impofition of fix pence thereby laid Jhould ceafe and determine, all and every the manors, mejfuagesy lands, tenementsy marketsy fairs, and the duties thereof and all other the revenues of and belonging to the faid city of London, in pojfejjion or reverfiony Jhould Jland and be charged with the full yearly fum of fix thoufand pounds (over and above the yearly fum of eight thoufand poundsy wherewith they were charged by the faid aft) towards the aforefaid perpetual fund: and whereasy by means of the great fall of rents in the city of London, the eflate of the faid city is not fufficient to pay the Jaidyearly fum of fix thoufand poundsy over and above the faid yearly fum of eight thoufand poundsy which the faid city now paysy and have a fufficient refidue to anjwer and defray the expences necef-firy for fupporting the government and puilick charges of the faid city: ana whereas in cafe the faid impofition of fix pence per chaldron or ton of coals, Jhould ceafe and determine on the nine and twentieth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feveri hundred and fifty, according to the faid afty the refidue of the funds appropriated by that aft for the yearly payment of four pounds for in -tered on every hundred pounds principal moneyy due to the orphans ana other creditors of the faid cityy together with the faid additional yearly Jum of fix thoufand poundsy would not be fufficient for that purpo/e : therefore to enable the faid city of London to defray the ncceTary expences of fupporting the government and publick charges of the faid city, and for the further relief of the orphans and other creditors of the faid city, by fecuring to them the yearly intereft of four pounds on every nundred pounds of their principal debt, until the faid principal debt (hall be paid off and difeharged; may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled, and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by ana with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

2nd commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid impofition of fix pence The rfut 0f for every chaldron or ton of coals fo imported, granted by the 6d. ptr clial-faid afl, to the mayor, commonafty, and citizens of the faid city dron on <&aU of Londony during the term of fifty year6# for the purpofes continued for therein mentioned, (hall be and is hereby continued for the fur-	>cars»

ther term of thirty five years, from the expiration of the faid term of fifty years \ and that all and every the powers, autho*-

R4	rities,

*4?	Annp	vicelimo	prlmo	Georgia	II.	c.	2^.	[1748.

fitics, diredions, and provifions, contained in the faid aft* for the colle&ing, levying, and recovering of the faid impofitiop,

*nd all the penalties thereby impofed, and regulations thereat made, for preventing of fraud and covin, (hall remain and be in Jorce, and by virtue of this (hall and may be exercifed and put in ure, for the colle&ing, levying, and recovering the faid im-pofition, for and during all the time by this ad limited and appointed for the payment thereof, as if the fame were exprefly mentioned in this prefent aft; all which monies fo to be receiv-tobe paid into ed upon account of the faid impofition hereby continued for the the chamber further term of thirty five years, (hall, from time to time, be of London, paid into the receipt of the chajnber of the city of London, and (hall bp appropriated to the purpofes herein after declared 5 j,cx>pl. to be that is to fay, the yearly fum ot three thoufand pounds, for and a,JLnuall.v during the laid term of thirty five years, (hall be paid by the fo«ipany.rCe,S chamberlain of the faid city for the time being, out of the pro-	,

*	iduce of the faid impofition, to the wardens and commonalty of

the myftery of Mercers of the city of London, by half yearly payments; that is to fay, on the twenty fifth day of March, and the twenty ninth day or September, or within fourteen days after the fame refpedively (hall become due* to be applied by the faid wardens and commonalty of the myftery of Mercers of the city of London, towards the payment of annuities, and other debts, in fuch manner as by any ad of parliament is or (hall be . fdireded; and the refidue of the produce of the faid impofitioo, during t^ie f^d term of thirty five years, (hall be, and is hereby appropriated to make part of the aforefaid fund, for paying the intereft on the principal debt owing to the orphans and other creditors of the faid city of London, in the fame manner as the prefent impofition of fix pence on every chaldron or ton of coals, fo imported as aforefaid, is by the faid ad appropriated.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority afordaid,

After *9 Sep. That from and after the faid ninie and twentieth day of Septem* venuesofthe ^er%	be	to	the	year of our Lord one thoufand feven

city to be * hundred and fifty, all and every the manors, mefluages, lands, charged with tenements, markets, fairs, ana the duties thereof, and alt other *,oool. an-	the revenues of and belonging to the faid city of London, in pot*

Pw!y*	feflion or reverfion, (hall ftana and be charged with the full year*

ly fum of two thoufand pounds and no more (over and atxm the faid yearly fum of eight thoufand pounds) which yearly fum of two thoufand pounds is hereby appropriated and enaded to be applied to the fame ufes to which the faid yearly fum of eight thoufand pounds is by the faid ad made liable.

III.	And whereas the fund appropriated by the faid ait, for pay-, ment of the yearly intereft of four pounds for every hundred pounds of the principal debt due to the orphans and other creditors ef

9	the city of London, has produced a very large furplus [ever end

above fujjficient to pay the faid intereft) including the fum of twenty one ihcufand feven hundred thirty five pounds, feventeen Jhiflings, end pine pence, 'due from the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of tbekil fity of London, to the faid fund, on the twenty fourth day of yo ne

Digitized by v^ooQle

174-8-] Anno viceJlmo primo Georgii If. c. 29.	*4,

now lafi pajl, to make good the yearly fum of two thoufand pounds 9 which, by virtue of the fend aft, ought to hove been raifed on the per-final efiates of the Jeveral inhabitants within the faid city : and whereas it is fit and reasonable, that the faid furplus as alfo all otherfur-pluffes, which Jhail arife from thelaid fund, as fettled by the faid aft, to the nine and twentieth day of September, which JbaU be in the year of our Lord one thoufand /even hundred and fifty, and from the • ■ fund as fettled by this aft from the lafi~mentioned day, Jhould be applied, from time to time, to pay off and difeharge fuch part of the principal debt owing by the Jaid mayor, commonalty, and citizens, under the faid aft, as the fame will amount unto; be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the court of m r mayor and aldermen of the faid city of London, (hall be, and is pmd aldermen hereby impowered and directed to order the chamberlain of the impowered to faid city, out of any monies in his hands, arifing from the im- P*7 °.ff thc pofitions and duties appropriated to pay the faid intereft on the principal debt due to the orphans, and other creditors of the faid upon, the re-city, after referving fufficient monies to pay and difeharge all .cited a£t, intereft which at that time may be due on the faid principal debt, or fuch part thereof as (hall be then unpaid, to pay to any per-ipn or perfons, as the faid court (hall think fit, fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be due to him, her, or them, for principal monthf n0m and intereft, by virtue of the faid a<ft, giving three months no- flee of pay-tice to or for the perfon or perfons fo to be paid off and dif- ment to be <£iarg?d; at the end of which three months, upon payment 6^ P?cn« tendering of the (aid monies due for principal and intereft, to pr for the perfon or perfons to whom fuch notice (hall be given, according to the provifion hereby made, at the office of the faid chamberlain, in Guildhall, London, theti and from thenceforth th^ intereft payable to fuch perfon or perfons, to whom fuch* notice, payment, or tender (hall be given or made, (hall ceafe and determine; neverthelefs the monies fo tendered (hall be paid to fuch perfon or perfons, upon their demand, and giving a difeharge for the fame ; and the principal debt (o paid off (hall be annihilated.

IV.	Provided, That no perfon, being an orphan of the faid* orphans to be city of London, under the age of twenty one years, (hall havepaidiaft. the principal debt due to fuch orphan paid off and difeharged,

fo long as there (hall be any perfon, not an orphan under the age oftwenty one years, proprietor of any {>art of the faid principal debt due to tne orphans and other creditors pfthe faid city.*

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That chamberlain after'the faid twenty ninth day or September, which (hall be in to lay before the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, the the parliament chamberlain of the city of London for the time being (hall, as furpllu^or (bon as may be, lay before each houfe of parliament aln account the fand, and« of the furplus arifen from the faid fund to the twenty fourth day the debtun-of June preceding, with an account how much thereof (half difeharged. have been then applied to the payment of the principal debt,

and alfo how much of the faid principal debt (hall be then owing ; and (hall afterwards, every year, lay before each houfe of p	pailiain«i^

Digitized by v^ooQle

1$$	Ann6	vitefimo primo Gfeok6tl n. c. 3d.	{1748.

parliament an account of the furplus which (hall have arifen in that year, to the twenty fourth day of June preceding, bow nWch thereof (hall have been then applied to the payment of the (aid principal debt, and how much of the (aid debt (hall then remain unpaid.

limitation of VI. And be it further enacted. That if any a&ion, plaint, actions. fait, or information, (hall be commenced or profcctfted againft ally perfon or perfons, for what he or they (hall do in purfuance or in the execution of this ad, Rich perfon or perfons (hall or may plead the general iflue thereunto; and upon trial of any General iflue. iflfue joined, may give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence;

and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdi&pafs againft him, the defendant or defendants (hall recover their cofts; for which he or they (hall have the like remedy, as in any cafe Where cofts by law are given to defendants.

Publick ad	VII. And oe it Cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That this

prefent ad^fhall be accepted, taken, and be reputed to be a general ad of parliament; of which all and every the judge and judges Of this kingdom, in all courts, (hall take notice on alloc-cafiohs Whatfoever, as if it were a publick ad of parliament ft* lating to the whole kingdom.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for encouraging the making of indico in /£*Britifh plantations in America.

WHETREAS the making of indico in the BritifhpknWuti in America wouldhe advantageous to the trade of thisnetm as great auantities are ufed in dying the manufactures of this dom \ which at prefent being furnijhed from foreign partsy the jitpplj of that netejfary commodity is become at all times uncertain,’ and tin price frequently exborbitant: and whereas the culture thereof haihet* found to Jucceed fo well in the provinces of South and North Carolina, that there is reafon to hopey by a proper encouragement, the fern may be encreafed and improved to fuch a degree, as not only to anfwcr all the demands of his Majejly s Britifh fubjefls, but fumijb confiier-able quantities to foreign markets ; be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft.excellent majefty,by and with the advice and coo* fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affemhled and by the authority of the dune, $d, per pound That from and after the twenty fifth day of Marchy one thoo-Praemium a)- fand fevea hundred and forty nine, all and every perfon or per-lowed on the font who (hall import, or caufe tQ be imported into thisking-in^o^of the diredly from any of the Britijh colonies or plantations m growth of the America, in any (hip or veflel, (hips or veffels, that may hw-jrfrititfi plan- fully trade to his Majesty’s plantations, manned as by law is regions. quired, any good and merchantable indico, free from any (life - mixtures, and fit for dyers ufe, being the growth or produdof the colony or plantation from whence the fame is imported, dull have, and be intitled to, a reward or Pramium for fuch importation, after the rate of fixpence for every pound weight ,	fuch

Digitized by v^ooQle

25*

174S.J Ahno vlcefimo ptimo Georgii II. q. 30.

fuch indico fo imported as aforefaid, under fuch regulations as are herein after-mentioned, to be paid upon demand to the importer of fuch indico, by the colle&or of the port where the fame (hall be imported, out of the cuftoms; and in cafe the collector of the port where the fame (hall be imported, (hall not have money fufficient in his hands, he is hereby required to certify the fame to the commiflioners of the cuftoms, who (hall caufe the fame to be paid by the receiver general of his Majesty’s cuftoms (the bounty of the indico imported into England, to be paid by the receiver general of the cuftoms in England, and of that imported into Scotland to be paid by the receiver general there.)

II.	And in order to intitle th£ importer of the aforefaid indi- pcrfons load-co to fuch Pramium, as well as to prevent frauds by importing ing indico, to foreign plantation-made indico, or anyfalfe mixtures in what is produce a cer-jnade in the Britijb plantations, with a view of recovering the tjfe^lan^e^of Pramiutn $ be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, growth ° That all and tvkty perfon or perfons, merchant, trader, or and quantity) factor, loading any indico on board any {hip or veffel, in any

of the Britijb colonies or plantations in America, (hall, before the clearing out of the faid (hip for any port of Great Britain, produce to the governor, lieutenant governor, collector, and comptroller of the cuftoms, and naval officer, or any two of them, a certificate or certificates, figned and fworn to before any juftice of the peace in the faid Britijb colonies or plantations, by the planter or planters of the faid indico, or his of their known agent or fadtor, that a quantity of indico, exprefling the weight thereof, had been fent from the faid planter’s indico work or plantation, where the fame was made, in order to be fhfpped off, or fold by him to the perfon or perfons therein named, and was of the growth and produce of the faid planter’s plantation, fityate in the diftridt, divifion, or parifti of within the iftand or colony of	which	faid certificate or

certificates (hall be attefted by the faid juftice of the peace to have been figned and fworn to in his prefence, who is hereby required to do the fame without any fee or reward.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That the perfon or perfons, andalfotoGgn

merchant, trader, or fa&or (hall, at the time of his producing a certificate fuch certificate, fign alfo a certificate before the faid governor, that the indico lieutenant governor, colle<5tor, and comptroller of the cuftoms, ^emend-and naval officer, or any two of them, that the indico which he onecj m the~ or they have (hipped on board the faid (hip or veflel, is the fame faidcertificate. mentioned in the faid certificate or certificates 5 and thereupon	r;

the (aid governor, lieutenant governor, colledor, and comptroller of the cuftoms, and naval officer, or any two of them,

are hereby authorized and required to deliver to fuch perfon or officer to cer* perfons a certificate, under their hands and feal of office, of his tify fiich ccr-* or their having received fuch certificate or certificates ; and that tificatei. gt the fame time one or more certifi9ate or certificates of the fe-veral planter or planters, their known agent or fa<ftor, had been produced to, and left with them, purfuant to the directions of %	this

Digitized by Google •

2Anno vicefimo primo Gborgii II. c. 30*	[174!.

this a<ft ; and no perfon or perfons whatfocvcr importing indico, into Great Britain, (hall be entitled to the Premium or reward by this a& granted, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall produce fuch certificate to the chief officer of the cuftoms at the port in Great Britain, where the fame (hall be imported.

Certificates to IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, be given by That on the importation of any indico into Great Britain, 1 certificate (hall be given by the mafter or commanding officer byW officer*	^*P or ve^ importing fuch indico, that the fame was

of the cuf-	(hipped on board fuch (hip or veflel, within fuch Britijb colony

toms.	or plantation in America,, as is mentioned in the faid certificate;

and alfo a certificate (igned by the furveyors, land waiters, or fearchers, or any two of them, officers of the cuftoms of the port where the lame is entered and landed in Great Britain, fpc-cifying the weight thereof, and that the faid indico is good and merchantable, Tree from falfe mixtures, and of fuch quality as to be intitled to the faid Premium or reward 5 which certificate the faid officers are hereby required to grant within ten days next after the landing thereof, unlefc they can affign fufficient caufe for their refufal; upon producing which feveral certificates to the proper officer as aforefaid, fuch officer (hall be, and is hen-by required to pay the Pramium to the importer of the bid indico.

Penalty of V. And !t furt^er enabled by the authority aforefaid, That making entry if any perfon or perfons (hall make or caufe to be made, anea-©f foreign- try or entries of foreign-made indico, under the name of Britiji fn*dc,^if°b plantation-made indico, or (hall mix, or caufe to be mixed, C any f°re*?n indico, or other falfe mixture or matter, with that made in the Britijb plantations, in order to claim or recover the Pramiumy as before-mentioned, every perfon or perfons fc making, or cauling to be made, fuch entry or entries, or mixing, or caufing fuch mixtures to be made, (hall forfeit all fuch indico fo entered; and in cafe of fuch mixture, the quantityfo mixed, both foreign and Britijb plantation-made, and likewifc double the value thereof, fhall be forfeited by the perfon or per-fons who (hall make or caufe fuch mixture or mixtures to be made.

VI.	And be it further ena<fted by the authority aforefaid, That no certificate (hall be made out to allow the Pramium for fuch indico to be made in, and imported from the Britijb plantations, that is pot good and merchantable, and free from any falfe gnix* ture,

VII.	And that the officers of the cuftoms may be the better

oiftonu to C a^cto dtfcovcr any frauds intended for the receiving theafore-cxaminc the kid Pramium, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefitfd, indico. That h (hall and may be lawful for the faid officers, and they .	are hereby required, before they make out any fuch certificate;

to examine the faid indico, by opening each package, and (hift-ing the fame, in fuch manner as to fee the whole contents, of k>y fuch other ipeans as they (hall think proper, to find out and

4f*.

. . -	•	r

Digitized by Google

*53

^74-®.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 30.

difcover whether the indico is good and merchantable, and free from any falfe mixture.	'

Vm. And in order to fix the ftandard of fuch indico as (hall Standard of be intitled to the Pramium aforefaid, be it further ena&ed by ind»5° intitlcd the authority aforefaid, That no certificate (hall be granted by	***

any furveyor, or other officer of his Majesty’s cuftoms, for any indico, which is not worth three (hilling the pound weight, when the beft French, or other indico, of equal goodnefs with the beft French, is worth four shillings the pound weight ; and fo in the fame proportion, in cafe the price of the beft French, or other indico of equal goodnefs, (hall be at a higher or lower price.

IX.	Provided always, That in cafe any doubt or difpute (hall Method of fct-arife between the furveyors, or officers of the cuftoms, and the tiing difpute* owners or importers of fuch indico as is imported into the port aboutthequa-of London, as to the quality of the fame, it (hall and may bel^T* lawful for the commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, to call

two or more dyers, dry falters, brokers* or others, well (killed,

in that commodity, who (hall declare upon oath, if required,

their opinion, as to the quality of the fame, and according to *

the beft of their judgement determine whether the fard indico is	,

intitled to the Premium hereby granted or not; and if any doubt

or difpute (hall arife, as to the quality of the indico imported a9

aforefaid, into the out-ports in England„ famples thereof (hall

be taken and fent up to the commiffioners of the cuftoms at

London, and into the out-ports in Scotland, to the commiflion-

ers of the cuftoms at Edinburgh, in fuch manner, as the ref-

pe&ive commiffioners (hall direct, in order to be infpedted and

adjudged there as before mentioned.

X.	And be it furtherenadted by the authority aforefaid, That No t0 hc no fee, gratuity, or reward (hall be demanded, taken, or re- paid to the of* ceived by any officer of his Majesty*s cuftoms, for the examin- acers,

ing, viewing, or delivering fuch indico, with refpedt to the Free* mium or reward allowed by this adl, or for the (igning any of the certificates, in order to the receiving fuch Pramium or reward, or for paying the time, and any fuch officer demanding or taking fuch fee or reward, (hall, for luch offence, forfeit his office, and fuch officer (hall alfo be incapable of fervinghis Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and (hall forfeit the fum or one hundred pounds.

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Certificates That all certificates made, or debentures made out purfuant to {*<* ch?rgca" this adt, (hall not be chargeable with any of the (lamp duties; jjjfjes ftamp any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Exporters to That if any indico, made in the Britijh colonies or plantations repay the in America, (hall, after the twenty fifth day of March, which Premium, (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and

forty nine, be exported from Great Britain, that then and in every fuch cafe the perfon or perfons fo exporting the fame,

(hall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the colledtor of the cuftoms at the port where the fame (hall be exported or to the

chief

Digitized by

Google

Owner to prove the growth.

Anno vicefimo prime Georgii II. e. 30.	[1748.

chief officer of the cuftoms there, the full fum of fUpoacefor every pound weight, which is allowed as a Pramium by thisa# on all fuch indico as he intends to export, over and above any duty the fame is now by law fubjedt to pay at exportation by any former adt.

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaW, porting indico That if any perfon or perfons, his or their agent or agents, af-without pay- fignee or alfigns, (hall be found fraudulently to export fuch in-ingthePra- dico, without paying fuch Pramium to the collector or chief ramm. pfficer of the cuftoms as aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons (hall

forfeit and lofe all fuch indico, and double the value thereof.

XIV.	Provided always. That if any doubt or difpute fhafi arife, whether any of the (aid indico, or any part thereof fo to be exported, is of the growth, produdt, and manufacture of the Bnti/b plantations in America* or of foreign growth, produd, or manufacture, the Onus probandi (hall lie on the owner or clairaer thereof, and not on the informer or profecutor 5 any Jaw, cuftom, or uiage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	And he it enadted by the authority aforefaid, Xhattf Smfffalfe any governor, lieutenant governor, collector, or comptroller of certificates! the cuft°ms> naval officer, merchant, trader, or fadtor, or nuf-

ter or commander of any (hip or veffel, or any other perfon or perfons, (hall during the continuance of this adt, faddy make a certificate of the produce and manufacture of any indico, net being the produce and manufacture of the Briti/b plantations in America, or (hall counterfeit any fuch certificate as herein before is dirqdted to be made, in order to obtain the Prammm hereby granted for indico made in the Briti/b plantations in Atf erica, all and every fuch porfon and perfons (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds ; and if fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall be a collector, comptroller, or naval officer, or any other officer of the cuftoms, he (hall alfo forfeit aodlofe his office, and be incapable of ferving his Majesty, his heirsud fucceflors.

p 1. . XVI. And be it further enadted by the authority afordni, to be recover^ That the feveral penalties and forfeitures by this adt inffi&ed» ed.	Ihall and may be profecuted, determined, and recovered by

bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scathe or in any of the courts of admiralty in his majeftyvs plantations in America refpedtively, wherein no efibin, protedion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

A ..	.	f XVII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

thePforfei^n0t That all penalties and forfeitures by this adt impofed (haO,ifu turcs.	Great	Britain, be applied, one moiety to the ufe of his Majef

ty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to fuch wr* fan or perfons as (hall fue for the fame \ and all fuch peaaaM and forfeitures as (hall be incurred in his Majesty’s plautarips in America, (hall beapplied, one third part thereof to the tsfedVl Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, one other third part thcreato the ufe of the governor of the plantation where the fufol

fed

355

174$ ] Anno vicefimo primo GeqRGII II. C. 31.

fhall be incurred, and the remaining third part to fuch perfon car perfons who (hall fue for the fame.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Imitation of That if any action or fuit (hall be commenced againft any per-

(bn or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this adfc, every

fuch a&ion or fait, if in Great Britain, (hall be commenced

within fix months next after the fadt committed ; and if in the

Britijb colonies or plantations in America^ within eighteen month*

next after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and thede*

fendant or defendants, in any fuch adtion or fuit, may plead the

general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence

at any trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was don*

in purfuance and by the authority of this adl; and if it (halj

appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defen*

dant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or

difeontinue his adtion, after the defendant or defendants (hall

have appeared, or if judgment (hall be given upon any verdidl

or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants

(hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for Treble cofts.

the fame, as any defendant or defendants have in other cafes by

law.

XIX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. A# to be in That this adt, and all the powers and authorities therein con- forcc for 7 tained, (hall continue and be in force for and during the term ycars*

of (even years to commence from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and no longer. .

CAP. XXXI.

An aft far relief of infolvent debtors. EXP.

WHEREAS many perform by Ioffes and other misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole debts ; and though they are willing to make the utmoft fatisfaftion they can, are never-thelefs detained in prifon by their creditors: and whereas fuch unhap-py debtors have always been deemed the proper objetts of publick com-paffion, and by feveral at is of parliament have been aifeharged: for the relief therefore of infolvent prifoners, who (hall faithfully difeover, upon oath, and deliver up and aftign, all their effedts and eftates whatfoever for the benefit of their creditors; and to prevent, as far as poflible, the many frauds and abufes, which in a great meafure have obftru&ed the good ends of fuch adts> be it enadted, &c.

Sheriffs and gaolers to deliver a lift of their prifoners* See. to the juftices,

&c. Oath to he entered at the end of every lift. To be kept by tnc clerk of the peace. Sheriffs and gaolers to fet up three or more lifts at the entrance into the prifons. Perfons inferted in the lifts, and prifoners, on x Jan. 1747. (hall be difeharged. They are to deliver in a fchedule of their eftates, Sec. and make oath. Schedule to remain with the clerk of the peace, who is to aflign the effects to the aifignees, to be divided among the creditors. Affignees of copyhold eftates to agree with the lord of the manor. On fuch agreement, lord to grant to the aflignees the copyhold.

Mot to affedt any eftate in expedlancy. Rent due from a piifoner, the

* goods

Digitized by

Google

r Anno vicefimo-primo Georgii IL C.

goods to be transferred to the landlord. This aft not to exten^^^^w gages, nor to prevent any ftatute-ftaple, &c. Power of leafing claimed by any prifoner, veiled in the afTignees. Juft ices warrants for banging prifoners to the quarter-feflions, (hall give^Hp to be ferved on the creditors. Prifoners to give like notice to the^^K-tors, and publick notice in the London Gazette 30 days before tflPlef-fions. The prifoner'* oath not being difproved, fee. • tne juftices are to difeharge him. Court, if required by the creditor, to adminifter an oath to the gaoler. Debtors beyond lea on 1 Jan. 17+7. may furrender them-felves, and be intitled to the benefit of this aft, but fubjeft to the fame re-ltriftions, as the other prifoners. xool. penalty on gaolers not complying with the aft, and printer of the London Gazette. Gaolers forfwearing ihemfelves, to forfeit 500I. Gaolers interring wrong names in their litb, to forfeit tool. Clerk of the peace, not giving a duplicate to the prifoner of his difeharge, to forfeit 20I. Prifoner forfwearmg himfelf, guilty ot felony. Prifoner difcharged for debts before 1 Jan. 1747. Ihall not betm-prifoned for the fame again. Difeharge of prifoners not to acquit any other. Judgements to ftahd good againft his lands, See. Perlons dif-charged may plead generally in difeharge of their perfons from execution. Bankrupts not obtaining a certificate, fee. not benefited hereby. Attornirt not to be difcharged from debts received, and due by them to their client. Not to extend to Scotland. Gaoler to permit perlons to fee rhofe whole names are in the lifts, See. under penalty of 4.0I. Prifoners not declaring the perfon at whole fuit he is detained, or not coming, to receive no benefit. Gaoler making falfe entries, forfeits 1000L Petitioner to leave with the juftices a cony of his intended difeovery. Juftices of York and Lincoln to meet at tne common gaols of the counties. Debtors inf gads only for fees, difcharged. Not to difeharge debtors to the crown, or owing above 500I. to one perfon. Creditors to allow not exceeding 3s. 6<L per week for his maintenance. Difeharge* to be obtained before *5 Dec. 1750, or excluded. Prifoners removed from one prifon to another, both gaolers to make affidavit. Prifoners in the Fleet or King's Bench by Habeas Corpus* Sec. to have the benefit of this aft. Perlons leixed of aa ellate tail claiming the benefit of this aft, to deliver the la me to their creditors . AfTignees to apply to two juftices to examine perfons who tall obtain their difeharge, for difeovery of eftates. Sec. Refilling to appear, or to be (worn, juftices may commit them. Difcotferers of the debtors eftates in is months after difeharge; to have sol. per cent. Difeharge obtained fraudulently,* void. Creditors may compel debtors whochpofc to continue in prifon, to give an account upon oath of their effe&s. See. oa 30 days notice in the London Gazette. Such prifoners to be examined n the reft. Aftignees impowered to make compofition with debtors to the prifoner. Difputes to be fettled by arbitrators. Courts at WeftrauiAer, on complaint, may remove afligr.ees. On mutual credit, aftignees to d-low the balance. Prifoners upon procefles out of courts of confidence to have the benefit of this aft. Quakers affirmation to be taken, Scc. Per-ions who had the benefit of the aft of 16 Qeo. s. c. 17. excluded.

CAP. XXXII.

An a5i for the relief of tfye annuitants of the wardens commonalty of the my fiery fl/Mercers of the city of London.

WHEREAS by indentures of leaf and	bearing da-'

nfpefltvely the third andfourth days of October,	tbmsfml

fix hundred and ninety nine, and tnr in the high court of Chao* eery, the wardens and commonalty of the myjlery Mercens of th city of London, for the confederations therein	, did pee

and releafe unto Sir William Hedges, and fevcral other i therein named as trufeces, their heirs and	divers

tenements, tofts, gardens, grounds, and	,	of	and	being-

• *

1748O Anno videfimo prirrio Georgii U. c. 32.

ing to the jaid wardens and commonalty, fituate and being in the city df London, and in the county of Middlefex, therein more particularly mentioned and deferibed, with their and every of their appurtenances, together with one full moiety of aU that great fabrick and place called the Royal Exchange, London, and other tenements and hereditaments iti) under, upon, or near unto the fame, therein more particularly mentioned and deferibed; and alfo all that the manor of Mercers, with the rites, members, and appurtenances thereof, lying and being in the county of Londonderry in Ireland, and divers other lands, tenements, and hereditaments in Ireland, in the fame indentures more particularly mentioned and deferibed, upon trufi, in the firfi place, to fatisfy and pay, out of the rents and profits thereof, all fuch charitable gifts and payments wherewith the faid premifjes were charged, mentioned in the fchedule to the faid indenture of releafe annexed ; and in the next pldce to pay, free and clear of all taxes and charges, all and every the annuity or annuities to be granted by the faid wardens and commonalty, at the rate of thirty pounds per centum per annum, during the refpeftive lives of the wives of clergymen, or of other perfons, that Jhould furvive their hufbands, to commence from fuch of the feafts of the annunciation of the bleffed Virgin, or Saint Michael the archangel, as Jhould happen within fix months after the death of their rej'peftive hufbands, and after payment of fuch annuities, tn irufl for the faid wardens and commonalty, and their fuccejfors for ever; and whereas by indentures of leafe and releafe, bearing date refpeRively the fifteenth and fixteenth days of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen, inroiled in the high cmert of Chancery, the fame premijjcs were charged with the payment of fuch future annuities as Jhould be granted by the faid company at the rate of twenty five pounds per centum jJbr annum ; and whereas by indenture inrolled in the faid court of Chancery, bearing date the twenty fourth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and made between the faid wardens and commonalty of the one part, and the furviving trufiees named in the faid indenture of releafe of the fixteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen, of the other part; it is declared. and' agreed. That all fuch annuities to be granted by the faid wardens and commonalty, after the twenty fourth day of June then next enfuing, Jhould be only after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, and no more: and whereas by indentures of leafe and releafe, bearing date the firfi and fecond days of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one, Richard Chifwell the elder, Sir Thomas Webfter, David Papillon, and Clement Tookie, therein named, being then the only furviving trufiees in the faid indentures of leafe and releafe of the fifteenth and fixteenth of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen, did by the direflion and appointment of the faid wardens and commonalty, grant and convey the faid feveral trujl efiates to the ufe of themfelves, and other trufiees therein named, their heirs and affigns, upon fuch trufis, and to and for fuch intents and pur-pofes, and under and fubjeft to fuch provifoes and agreements as an mentioned, expreffed, and declared, of and concerning the fame pre-tnijfes, in and by the faid two indentures of releafe, and the faid in-Vol XIX.	5	den-

Digitized by

Google

257

*5*

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. C.32;	[174*.

denture of the twenty fourth day of May, one thousand feven hundred and twenty three, herein before mentioned or recited, fave and except as to future annuities, to be granted by the faid wardens and commonaky, which were only to be at the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annum : and whereas by indenture tnrolled in the faid court of Chancery, bearing date the twenty third day of July, one thoufani feven hundred and forty two, and made between the faid 4 wardens and commonalty of the one part, and the trufiees named and appointed in and by the Jaid indenture of the fecond of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one, of the other part; liberty .was given to the faid wardens and commonalty for the future, to grant fuch annuities at the rate of twenty pounds per centum per annum : and whereas the pnrefent clear income of the faid ejlates does not exceed four thoufand one hundred and fifty pounds a year, and the annuities now due and payable by the faid wardens and commonalty to the feveral and refpeftive annuitants amount unto feven thoufani five hundred pounds a year, and upwards; and the arrears of fitch annuities, due and owing to the faid annuitants at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, amounted to the fum of erne thoufand fix hundred twenty eight pounds, two Jhillings, and fix pence; fo that the ejlates fettled for the payment of fucb annuities are not fufficient for that purpofe, and many of the Jaid annuitants now are in a very diftrejfed condition: and whereas feveral per fans have heretofore given or left unto the faid wardens and commonalty feveral eftates and fums of money for certain charitable ufes: and whereas the Royal Exchange of the city ^London was, by the dreadful fire in the year one thoufand fix hundred and fixty fix, confumed; and the faid wardens and commonalty, together with the city of London, were at a very great expence in rebuilding the fame: by which mss, and by other publick Ioffes and misfortunes, the faid wardens and commonalty have long laboured under great difficulties, and have taken up and borrowed great fums of money upon bonds, and are otbervnfe become indebted in a much greater fum than they are able to pay end fatisfy : and whereas by an aft of this faffion of parliament, intituled. An adl for the further relief of the orphans and other creditors of the city of London, and for other purpofes therein mention* ed 5 it is enafted. That the impofition of fix pence per chaldron on every chaldron of coals or culm, and of fix pence per ton on every ten of coals ufually fold by the ton, which was by an aft of the fifth usd fixth years of the reign of the late King William and £>ueen Mary, intituled, An a& for the relief of the orphans, and other credit-ors of the city of London, granted to the mayor and commonalty^ and citizens of the city of London, on all forts of coals or culm, wbkh Jhould be imported into the port of the city of London, from and of-• ter the twenty ninth day of September, in the year of our Lordeoe thoufand feven hundred, for and during the term of fifty years, Jbod he continued and paid for and during the term of thirty fivt yem, from the expiration of the faid term of fifty years, and no l*opr\ and that the monies arifing thereby Jhall be paid into the receipt of da chamber of the city of London, and appropriated to the pwrftfis therein after declared that is to fay, the yearly fum of three dm*

fad



Digitized by v^ooQle

*59

1748.] Anno vicefimo primo GfioRGil II. c. 33.

fond pounds for and during the /aid term of thirty five years, /hall te paid by the chamberlain of the faid city, for the time being, out of the produce of the faid impofition, to the wardens and commonalty of the my fiery of Mercers of the city of London, by half-yearly payments ; that is to fay, on the twenty fifth day of March, and the twenty ninth day of September, or within fourteen days after thd fame /hall refpeftively become due, to be applied by the faid company of Mercers towards the payment of annuities, and other debts, in fuch manner as by an aft of parliament is or Jhall be dire ft ed; may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty that it may be enadted,

&c.

A general account to be made out of the fums that (hall be due to the annuitants on 19 Sept. 1750. to be entered in a book, and figned by the wardens. Clerk to deliver to annuitants requeuing it a note of the fum due. The debt deemed 'to be a principal fum, and to carry 3I. per cent* intereft. The yearly fum of 3000I. payable by the chamber of London, fliall be applied towards payment of the annuities, and thefurplus to the intereft of the arrears. See. And afterwards to the other creditors. Annual meeting of the annuitants, (hall chufe nine auditors of the accounts.

Court of atfittants to examine the accounts, if no auditors are chofen, or refafe to attend. An account of the receipts and applisation of the mo* nies to be laid before parliament. Money due may be transferred. Af-figmnent of annuities made (ince 29 September, 1745, declared redeemable. Wardens reftrained from taking in further fubferiptions for annuities. Differences between wardens ana annuitants to pc determined by the court of exchequer. Wardens, See. impowered to grant building leafes^ and to leafe their eftates in Ireland, and Long Acre in Middlefex. Deeds of annuities not affcdted by this a ft. Amended 24 Geo. 2. c. 14.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft to continue and amend feveral laws for the relief of debtors with refpeft to the imprifonment of their per fans j and to reftify a miftake in an aft pa/fed in the lajl fejfioti of parliament for continuing feveral laws therein mentioned \ and to continue two afts, the one pa/fed in the nineteenth year, the other in the twentieth year of bis prefent Majefty*s reign, to prevent the fpreading of the dtftemper amongft the horned cattle.

WHEREAS the laws herein after-mentioned (which have by experience been found ufeful and beneficial) are near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your Majeftv, that it may be enadted; and be it enabled by the King’s tno(t excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an adt made in the fecond year of 2Geo.i.c 11* the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for the relief	°f

of debtors with re/peft to the imprifonment of their perfons ; whicn ^^[sr^on* was to continue in force for the term of five years, and from , junc> J?^ thence to the end of the then next fefilon of parliament 3 and &c. was explained and amended by an adt made in the third year of Gco tc the reign of his prefqnt Majefty; and which by another adt 3	7#

made in the eighth year df the reign of his prefent Majefty, was gQeo 1 c .

S 2	fur-	*	**

14 Geo. i. 34*

260	Anno	vicefimo	primo	Georgii	II.	C.33J	[1748:

further explained, and amended, and continued, until the twenty fifth day of March* one thoufand feven hundred and forty, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament; and which by another aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, with the feveral claufes and articles therein contained (except the claufe in the (aid laft-mentioned aft, for fetting mutual debts one againft the other, which by the faid aft is made perpetual) was further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the firft day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and the feveral articles and claufes therein contained, not hereby altered, except the claufe for fetting mutual debts one againft the other, which is already made perpetual, (hall, together with the alterations and amendments herein after made, be and remain in full force and virtue, until the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end of the then next fef-(ion of parliament.

Perfons claim- II. And for the better preventing perfons who take the bene-ingbenefit of 0f the recited aft, made in the fecond year of his prefent aft/toVct Majefty’s reign, from concealing or fraudulently difpofing of forth an ac- their effefts, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That man count of their and immediately after the expiration of this prefent feflion of real and per- parliament, every perfon who (hall exhibit a petition in purfu-nal c ate, ance t^e recjte(j a<c^ fhall, in fuch petition, not only let forth an account of all the real and perfonal eftate, which fuch perfon fo petitioning was intitled to at the time of his or her petition, but alfo of all the real and perfonal eftate which he'or fhe was intitled to at the time of his or her firft imprifonmeat, in the aftion in which fuch perfon is charged in execution; and every perfon fo petitioning (hall, inftead of the oath required by the laid recited aft, take, and the court (hall adminiiler an oath to the effeft following, videlicet;

I	A. B. do fweary in the prefence of Almighty God* That the account by me delivered into this honourable court, in my petition U this court* doth contain a true andfull account of all the real and per-fonal eftate, debts, credits, and effefts what [ever, which I or ay in truft for me, at the time of my firft tmprifonment in this aftw, or at any time ftnee, had or was in any refpeft intitled to in poftefc-on, reverfion, or remainder f except the wearing apparel, and bed£% for me and my family, and the tools or inferuments of my trade or calling, not exceeding ten pounds in value in the whole) and alfo a account how much of fuch real and perfonal eftate, debts, credits* or effefts, hath been ftnee difpofed of, rcleafed, or difeharged, and how* to whom, and on what confederation, and for what purpafe* and boa much thereof, I or any in truft for me have, or at the time of 9} faid petition had, or am or was in any refpeft intitled to in pojfeffa, remainder, or reverfion \ and that 1 have not* at any time before ir fence my tmprifonment, dircftly or in dire lily, fold* leafed, ajfgnti, mortgaged, pawned or otherwise difpofed of, or made over in truft fir

mfef

and take the

following

oath;

Digitized by

i6i

1748.] Anno viccfimo primo Georgii II. c. 33.

myfelfj or otberwife than is mentioned in fuch account, any part of my lands, eflates, goods9Jlotk9 money, debts 9 or other real or perfonal efiate, whereby to have or expeft any benefit or profit to myJelf or to defraud any of my creditors to whom I am indebted.

III.	And whereas an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of 8Geo. 1. c. if. bis late Majejly, intituled, An aCt to prevent the clandeftine run- continued to ningof goods, and the danger of infection thereby; and to prevent * Junc> J754* ftips breaking their quarentine; and to fubjeCt copper ore of the &c# production of the Britifh plantations, to fuch regulations as other enumerated commodities of the like production are fubjeCt;

which was to be in force for two years, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament \ and by feveral fub-fequent afts (except the claufe obliging all Jhips and vejfels to perform quarentine) was to have further continuance, to the firfi day 0/June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament: and whereas by an oft made in tie twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, the faid10 Geo* 2* aft was intended to be further continued to the firfi day of June, one0* *7' thoufand feven hundred and fifty four, but by miflake9 the year one thoufand (even hundred and forty feven was inferted therein, inftead ef the Jaid year one thoufand Jeven hundred and fifty four; therefore for re&ifying the faid miftake, be it further enaCted by the authority aforeiaid, That the faid aCt (hall be, and is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

IV.	And whereas an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign 19 Geo. *.0.5. of bis prefent Majejly (intituled, An aCt to enable his Majesty to & 20 Gc?* make rules, orders, and regulations more effectually to prevent to4a^Sept. the fpreading of the diftemper which now rages amongft the 174.8. homed cattle in this kingdom) which was to continue and be in

force for the fpace of eight months, and to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and by an aft made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, was explained, amended, and continued, and to be in force with the faid laft-mentioned aft% for the fpace of eight months, from the tenth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion cf parliament: and whereas the contagious diftemper Jlill continues to rage amongft the oxen9 bulls9 cows; calves9 fleers9 and heifers, in federal parts of this kingdom 5 be it therefore further enaCled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid aCts of the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (hall be, and the fame are hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

S3	CAP.

^6*	Anna	vicefimo	primo	Georgii	II,	c.34.	[1748,	j

CAP. XXXIV.

4* aft to amend and enforce fo much of an aft made in the nineteenth year of his Majesty* s reign, as relates to the more effectual difarming the Highlands in Scotland, ani refraining the ufe of the Highland drefs, and to rnfiers and teachers of private fchocls and chaplains \ and to explain a claufe in another aft made in the fame year, relating to letters of orders of epifcopal minifters in Scotland; and to oblige perfons allowed to carry arms, and the dire ftors of the banks there, and certain perfons belonging to, or praftifing in the courts of fejfton and jufticiary, to take the oaths ; and to repeal fame claufes in an aft made in the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, whereby certain encouragements are given to landlords and tenants in Scotland, who ftoould continuoin that duty and loyalty to bis faid late Majefty; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

19 Qco. *.

See tS Geo. c. 29.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the nineteenth year ef tbt reign of bis prejent Majefty, intituled, An a61 for the more effectual difarming the highlands in Scotland; and for morccf-fe6tually fecuring the peace of the faid highlands; and for re-ftraining the ufe of the highland drefs; and for further indemnifying fuch perfons as have a6ted in defence of his Majcfy’i perfon apd government, during the unnatural rebellion; mi for indemnifying the judge? and other officers of thecoortof jufticiary in Scotland, for not performing the northern circuits May, one thoufand fevon hundred and forty fix; and for obliging the mafters and teachers of private fchools in Scotland, and chaplain?, tutors, and governors of children or youth, to take the oaths to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, and to regifter jthe fame; it %uas amongft other things enafted, That from and of Ur the firjl day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred andforty fix, it Jbould be lawful for the refpeftive lords lieutenants of the ftverd Jhirts tf/’Dunbartain, Sterling, Perth, Kincardin, Aberdeen, In-vernels, Nairn, Cromarty, Argyle, Forfar, Bamflf, Sutherland, Caithnefs, Elgin, and Rofs ; and for fuch other perfon or perfw as his Majesty, his heirs or fuccejfors Jbould by his or their fign annual, from time to time, think fit to authorize and appoint in tbet behalf, to ijfue or caufe to be ijfued out letters of fummon> in bis Mr jefty's name, and under bis or their refpeftive hands and foals, diredd to fuch perfons within the faid feveral Jhires and bounds, as heorthj from time to time Jball think Jit; thereby commanding and rtjmtitl all and every perfon and perfom therein named, or inhabiting midst the particular limits therein deferibed, to bring in, and deliver wp, a a certain time and place, in fuch fummons to be mentioned, all ed ftngular his and their arms and warlike weapons, unto fuch lord lint-'(opanty or ether perfon or perfons fp to be authorized or appmtei it

tkt

Digitized by v^ooQle

1748.] Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGII II. c. 34.	263

that behalf as aforefaid, for the ufe of his Majejly, his heirs or fuc-ceffors, and to be difpofed of in fuch planner, as his Majejly, his heirs or fuccejfors Jhould appoint; and that if any per fin or per fins in fuch fummons mentioned by name, or inhabiting within the limits therein defcribed, Jbould be convicted in manner therein mentioned., of having or bearing any arms or warlike weapons, after the day prefixed in fucb fummons, every fuch perfon or perfins Jhould forfeit the fum of fifteen pounds jlerling, and Jhould be committed to prifin, until payment of the fatd fum; and if any perfon or perfins convicted as afore-faid, Jbould ref ufe or negleft to make payment of the aforefaidJum of fifteen pounds Jlerling, within the fpace of one calendar month from the date of fuch conviction, then any one or more of his Majejly's juf-tices of the peace, or the judge ordinary of the place, where fuch offender or offenders was or were imprifined (in cafe he or they Jhall judge fucb offender or offenders fit to firve his Majejly as a foldier or foldiers) were thereby refpeftively authorized and required to caufe him or them to be delivered over to fuch officer or officers, as is therein mentioned, to firve as fildiers in any of his Majejly's forces in America: and that after trading the articles of war agalnfi mutiny and defertion, and making fuch entry and certificate thereof as is thereby directed, every perfon fo delivered over Jhould be deemed a lifted foldier to all intents and purpofes, and Jhould be fubjeft to the dif-ctpline of war, and in cafe of defertion, Jbould be punifbed as a de-ferter; and that in cafe fuch offender or offenders Jhould not be judged fit to firve bis Majejly'ai aforefaid, then he or they Jhould be impri-foned for the fpace of fix calendar months, and alfi until he or they Jbould give fufficient Jecurity for his or their good behaviour for the fpace of two years from the giving thereof: in which faid in part recited aft is contained a provijo, That no peers of this realm, nor their font, nor any members of parliament, nor any perfon or perfins, who, by virtue of an aft of parliament made in the firft year of the reign of bis late majejly King George the Firjl, therein recited or referred , Geo. i. c. 54. to, were allowed to have or carry arms, notwitbjlanding the prohibition in the faid aft contained, of having, wearing, or bearing arms9 jbould be liable to be fummoned to deliver up their arms or warlike weapons; and that Neither the faid recited aft of the nineteenth of his Prefent Majefiy, nor the faid aft of the firjl year of his faid late Majejly therein referred to, Jhould be conjlrued to extend to exclude or binder any perfon, whom his Majejly, his heirs or fuccejfors, by licence under his or their fign manual, Jhould permit to have or wear arms, or who Jhould be licenfed to wear arms by any writing or writings under the hand and Jeal, or hands and fials of any perfon or perfins authorized by his Majejly, his heirs or fuccejfors, to give fuch licence, for keeping, bearing, or wearing fuch arms and warlike weapons,’ as in fuch licence or licences Jhould for that purpofe be particularly fpecified: and it was thereby further enabled. That from and after the firjl day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, no man or boy within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, other than fuch as flmld be employed as officers and fildiers in bis Majefiy s forces, Jhould, on any pretence whatfiever, wear or put M the (lotbfs commonly called highland clothes j that is to fay, the plaid,

84	philibeg%

264	Anno	vicefimo	ppmo GpoRGlj II. c. 34,	[1748.

philibeg, or little kilt, trowfe, Jhoulder belts, or any part whatfoever of what peculiarly belongs, to the highland garb; and that no Tartan or particoloured plaid or fluff' Jbould be ufed for great coats, or for Upper coats, under the penalties therein mentioned: and it was thereby further pnafted, That from and after the firfi day ^November, one tboufattd feven hundred and forty fix, no perjon Jbould exercift the employment, funftion, or fervid of a chaplain in any family in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or of a governor* tutor, or teacher of any child, children, or youth refiding in Scotland, or in parts beyond the feas, without firfi qualifying himfelf by taking the paths thereby directed and appointed, and caujing a certificate of his having fo done to be entered or regiftered as is therein directed, under the pains and penalties therein mentioned: and that it Jbould not be lawful for any perfon in Scotland to keep a private fchool for teaching Englifh, Latin, Greek, or any part of literature, or to officiate as a mafier or teacher in fuch fchool for literature, other than as therein mentioned, until the fituqtion and defeription of fuch private Jlhool be firft entered and regiftered, with a certificate of bis having qualified himfelf by taking the oaths appointed by law as therein mentioned; and fuch mafter or teacher is thereby required, as often as prayers Jhall be J'aid in fuch fchool, to pray, or cauje to be prayed for, in exprefs words, his Majesty, bis heirs andJucceffors, by name: and whereas it hath been found by experience, that fo much of the faii aft as is herein before recited is not fufficient or effectual to anfvoer the purpofes thereby intended, and that it is necejjary to enforce the fanye by fome new provifions and regulations; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the The lieute- fame. That it (hall and may be lawful for the refpedtive lieu-pants amx>int-tenants of any of the fifteen (hires in the faid recited ad for ed to iflue that purpofe named, and for fuch other perfon or perfons as m th^ddiverine Purfaance of the fame a<ft hath or have been authorized by his up of arms, * Majefty, or (hall hereafter be authorized by his Majesty, hit &c.	heirs	or	fucceflors,	to	iflue	out letters of fummons for the deli-

vering of arms and warlike weapons as is therein mentioned, to to nominate nominate s*nd appoint by writing under their refpe&ive hands perfons to re- and feals, fuch perfon or perfons as they refpe&ively (hall think ceive the fame, to receive the arms or warlike weapons fo to be delivoed up in obedience to any fuch fummons from any perfon or perfons fo delivering up the fame at the days and places to be for that purpofe mentioned in any fuch fummons, and the perfon or perfons fo nominated or appointed to receive any fuch arms pr warlike weapons, (hall tranfmit, or caufe the fame to bn tranfmitted to fuch place or places as fuch lieutenant or other perfon authorized as aforefaid (hail direft and appoint; and all and every perfon and perfons, obliged by the faid recited a<ft to penalty of not deliver up his, her, or their arms or warlike weapons, (hall m-delivering up cur the like penalties and forfeitures, and be fubjeft to the fame arms.	punifhments	refpe&ively,	for having or bearing arms or warlike

weapons after the day prefixed in any fuch fummons, ifliied in

purfuance

Digitized by L.ooQle

1748.3 Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 34*	265

purfuance of the faid recited adt, and this prefent a<ft, as he, (he, pr they are by the faid recited adt made fubje# or liable to for having or bearing arms or warlike weapons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid recited adt.

II.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- Part of the re-faid, That fo much of the faid recited adt, whereby it is enadt- cited a & related, That no peers of this realm, nor their fons, nor any mem-

bers of parliament, nor any perfon or perfons, who by the faid ad of the firft year of his late Majefty were allowed to have or deliver up carry arms, (hould by virtue of the (aid recited adt be liable to their arms, re-be fummoned to deliver up their arms or warlike weapons, be, PcaIcd-and the fame is hereby repealed.

III.	And be it further enadted, That the prohibition con- Thc Pr°hibi-

tained in the faid adt of the firft year of his faid late Majefty’s	aiM§

reign, or in the faid adt of the nineteenth year of his prefent ,9 Geo. 2. Majefty’s reign, or in this adt, of having, keeping, bearing, or &c. of having wearing any arms or warlike weapons, and the pains and penal- arms, not to tiesaforefaid, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend to any fposquahled-officers, or their affiftants, employed in the execution of juftice, as herein de-nor to prohibit or hinder any perfon, who is qualified to vote at feribed. ele&ions of parliament men, to ferve for any of the above-

named counties; nor any heretor or life-renter, poflefled of an Number of eftate of four hundred, and lefs than onethoufand pounds, Scots armslimltcd* valued rent, to have in his cuftody, to be ufed by himfelf, fa- Amended by mily, or fervants, in the manner allowed by the laws now in 26 Geo. 2. force, any number of arms, not exceeding three firelocks, three c* *9* pair of piftols, and three (words or cutlafles; nor to prohibit or hinder any heretor or life-renter, poflefled of an eftate of one thoufand or more, and lefs than three thoufand pounds, Scots yalued rent, to have in his cuftody, to be ufed by himfelf, fa-jnily, or fervants, in the manner allowed by the laws now in force, any number of arms, not exceeding feven firelocks, feven pair of piftols, and feven fwords or cutlafies; nor to prohibit or hinder any heretor or life-renter, poflefled of an eftate of three thoufand or more, and lefs than fix thoufand pounds, Scots valued rent, to have in his cuftody, to be ufed by himfelf, family, or fervants, in the manner allowed by the laws now in force, any number of arms, not exceeding twelve firelocks, twelve pair of piftols, and twelve fwords, or cutlafles; nor to prohibit or hinder any heretor or life-renter, poflefled of an eftate of fix thoufand or more, and lefs than nine thoufand pounds, Scots valued rent, to have in his cuftody, to be ufed by himfelf, family, or fervants, in the manner allowed by the laws now in force, any number of arms, not exceeding twenty firelocks, twenty pair of piftols, and twenty fwords or cutlafles; nor to prohibit or hinder any heretor or life-renter, poflefled of an eftate of nine thoufand pounds, Scots valued rent, or more, to have in his cuftody, to be ufed by himfelf, family, or fervants, in the manner allowed by the laws now in force, any number of arms, not exceeding thirty firelocks, thirty pair of piftols, am) thirty fwords or cutlafles; nor to prohibit or hinder the

ntfbgiftratef

Arms above the number limited, to be delivered upon fummons.

Place and number of arms to be kept in royal burghs.

Perfons having arms to oualify them-(elves,

and regifter the fame.

Penalty,.

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 34.'	f 1^48.

magiftrates of any burgh royal, to have in their cuftody a fuff* cient number of arms for keeping guard within their borough, according to the directions of their refpeCtive magiftrates; nor to prohibit or hinder any perfon, who (hall be licenfed to keep, bear, or wear arms, purfuant to the directions of the laid redted aCt, from keeping, bearing, or wearing fuch and fo many arms or warlike weapons, as in fuch licence or licences (hall be for that purpofe particularly fpecified; nor to prohibit or hinder the officers of the army, having his Majesty’s commiffions, and the foldiers under their command, to keep, ufe, or bear arms as formerly; nor the lieutenants of counties, or their deputies, or the fenfible men under their command, to keep and receive arms out of his Majesty’s magazines, and to ufe the fame during the time that their militia or fenfible men (hall be called out by lawful authority.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs. That the feveral perfons before-mentioned, to whom a limited number of arms is hereby alJovr-ed, (hall be obliged, upon fummons, according to the (hid recited aCt of the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, to deli* ver up in the manner directed by this and the laid aCt, all foch arms as they (hall have in their cuftody or ufe, over and above the number fo limited.

V.	Provided alfo, That the arms in burghs royal be kept ia the magazines, under the care of the magiftrates, and not left in private houfes, unlefs by fpecial order or warrant in writing from the magiftrates; and that the whole number of arms w kept in any royal burgh, (hall not exceed the number of two hundred ftand of arms; and that the faid lieutenants of counties, their deputies, militia, and fenfible men under their command, do return the arms received out of the King’s magazines, within twenty days after the expiration of the time lor which they (hall be called out.

VI.	Ana be it further enaCted, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, no perfon whatfoever, by reafon of having an incomeof four hundred pounds, Scots valued rent, or any greater rent, or being qualified to vote at elections of parliament men, or by licence, (hall be intitled to keep, bear, or wear any arms, by himfelf, family, or fervants, unlefs he (hall firft have qualified himfelf by taking and fubferibing the oaths of allegiance and abjuration, and fubferibing the aflurance appointed by law to be taken, by perfons in offices of publick truft in Scotland, either in the court of feffion, court of judiciary, or in the (heriff or ftewart’s court of the county, (hire, or ftewartry, where fuch perfon (hall w-fide, or in one of his Majesty’s courts at Wefiminfler^ and caufed a certificate of his having fo done to be entered or regiftered ia a book to be kept for that purpofe in one of the faid courts in Scotland; and in cafe any fuch perfon as aforefaid (hall preftme to keep or carry any arms, without having firft qualified him* fell as aforefaid, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the faid arms to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors*, and alfo one hun<M

pounds

Digitized by

267

1748*] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 34.

pounds fterlmg, to be recovered in any of the faid courts in Scotland ; one moiety to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef-Cors, and the other moiety to the perfpn who (hall fue for the fame.

VII.	And whereas the time for the commencement of fuck part of the faid recited aft, as relates to the refraining the ufe of the high- 20 Geo. 1. land drefs, was, by an aft made in the twentieth year of bis prej'ent c. 51. Adayefifs reign, enlarged, as to all perfons not being landed men, until toe firft day of Auguft, one thoufand jeven hundred and forty eight: and whereas the provifton made by the fhid recited aft is nt-ceffdry to be carried into execution \ but it is rtafonable to give fome further time and opportunity for performing fome parts thereof: it ’is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the time The time IV-given and appointed by the faid laft-mentioned ad for the pur- mited for the pofes therein mentioned, (hall be, apd the fame is by this pre- th® fent ad enlarged (as to all thofe who are not landed men, or the *jr‘fr8 £niar*-fons of landed men) from the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand cd.

(even hundred and forty eight, till the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine.

VIII.	Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained Parts of the (hall extend, or be conftrued to give liberty to any perfon what- Highland foever to wear or put on thofe parts of the highland clothes, b^CtoPbe garb, or habiliments, which are called the plaid, philibeg, or worn after 25 little kilt, or any of them ; but that the faid recited ad (hall, as Dec. »74*« to the plaid, philibeg, or little kilt, take place, from and after

the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand (even hundred and forty eight.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the faid Perfons wear* twenty fifth day of December, it (hall and may be lawful to and ing the faid for any of his Majesty’s fubjeds whatfoever, to take up and ap- clothc8 to> be prebend all and every fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall find aPPrchca 5 wearing, contrary to law, the faid highland clothes or garb, or

any part thereof, and forthwith to carry fuch perfon or perfons before any of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace for the (hire or ftewartry, or judge ordinary of the place where fuch perfon or perfons (hall be found or apprehended, who are hereby impow-ered to try and convid every fuch offender in a fummary way.

X.	And it is hereby enaded. That inftead of the penalties ioflided by the faid recited ad of the nineteenth of his prefent Majefty, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch juftice, or judge ordinary, to caufe fuch offender, not being a landed man, or the fon of a landed man, lawfully convided of wearing or putting on the faid highland clothes or garb, or any part thereof, contrary to the faid recited or this ad, whom he orthey

(hall judge fit to ferve his Majesty as a foldier, to be delivered, and tobedeli-as he and they are hereby required and impowered to do, to vered over to any officer belonging to his Majesty’s forces to ferve therein; for fervc *• (bMi-wbich purpofc the officer who (hall receive fuch perfon, (hall cr8 » then caufe fuch or fo much of the articles of war made or to be and the arti-made, as are or (hall be direded to be read to perfons inlifted cles of war to] 1* (bldicrs, to be read to him in the prefence of fuch juftice of he rcad to

Digitized by

Google

268	Anqo	vicelimo	primo Georgii II. c. 34.

the peace, or judge ordinary fo delivering over fuch mao, who (hall caufe an entry or memorial thereof to be made, together with the names of tne perfons fo delivered over, with a certificate thereof in writing, under his or their hands, to be delivered to the faid officer or officers f and from and after reading fuch part of the faid articles of war as aforefaid, every perfon fo delivered over to fuch officer or officers to ferve as a foldier, (hall be deemed a lifted foldier to all intents and purpofes, and (hall be fiib-jedt to the diCcipline of war, and in cafe of defertion (hall be punilhed as a deferter.

The defcrip- XI. And for the better afcertaining what (hall be deemed ex-tion of a chap- crcifing the employment, fun&ion, or fervice of a chaplain with-lain within the in the true intent and meaning of the faid recited alt, be it en-meaning of a<ffced an<j declared. That from and after the twenty ninth day e recited	of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, any

perfon being, or pretending to be in holy orders, of any denomination whatsoever, other than the minifters, elders, or preachers of the eftablifhed church of Scotland) who (hall preach or perform any divine fervice in any houfe or family of which he is not the mailer, in the prefence or hearing ot any other perfon or perfons, whether fuch perfon or perfons be ot the family or not, (hall be deemed to be one who exercifes the employment, function, and fervice of a chaplain within the pto-vifion and true intent and meaning of the fame adt.

XII.	And whereas, to evade the execution of the faid aft, relating to perfons keeping or being mafter or teacher in fuch private Jcbseb, divers perfons have kept fuch fchools in the names of others, miM or enjoyed the profits thereof to themfelves, and have thereby avoided complying with the qualifications required by the faid aft : for 9eme-gchoolmafters dy thereof, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from to take the and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoo&id oaths, &c. feven hundred and forty eight, every perfon who (hall keep in his own name, or in the name or names of any other penbn, any private fchool for teaching Englijh, 1Latin, Greek, or any past of literature, or any fchool for literature, other than as in die faid adl is excepted, or who (hall have, receive, or be interefted in, the profits, or any (hare of the profits of fuch fchool, fltaO be obliged to take the oaths appointed by law to be taken bf perfons in offices of publick truft in Scotland; and to pray^er paufe to be prayed for, in exprefs words, his Majesty, his hin and fucceflbrs by name, and for all the royal family, as ofica as there (hall be prayers in fuch fchool, or before or in the be** Penalty oFnot *n8 an? t*le kholars belonging to fuch fchool; and if any complying perfon (hall, from and after the faid twenty ninth day of Ap» with the recit- tember, keep any fuch fchool in his own name, or in the napU a6t of any other perfon or perfons, or have, receive, or be inter!M in, the profits, or any (hare of the profits of fuch private fchtfftL as (hall not have been regiftered in manner dire&ed by the Ain alt, or without having qualified himfelf, and caufed the cotf-ficatc thereof to be regiftered in manner directed by the laid aft* pr in cafe he (hall negled to pray for his Majesty, his hprsjri

fuccefin*

Digitized by v^ooQle

1748*] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii II. c. 34.	269

^uccefibrs, by name, and all the royal family, or caufe them to be prayed for a$ aforefaid; or in cafe he (hall relort to, or at* tend divine worfhip in any epifcopal meeting-houfe not allowed by law; every perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully con-vifted before two or more juftices of the peace, or before any other judge competent fummarily, (hall, for the firft: offence, fuffer imprifonment for the fpace of fix months; and for the fe-cond or any fubfequent offence, being thereof lawfully convicted before the court of judiciary, or in any of the circuit courts,

(hall be adjudged to be tranfported, and (hall be accordingly tranfported to fome of his Majedy’s plantations in America for life; and in cafe any perfon fo adjudged to be tranfported (hall return into, or be found in Great Britain, he (hall fuffer impri-ionment for life.

XIII.	And whereas by a claufe in another aft made in the nine- 19 Geo. ». teenth year of his Majejiys reign, intituled, An aft more effeftu- c. 3*. ally to prohibit and prevent paftors or miniders from officiating

in epifcopal meeting-houfes in Scotland, without duly gualifving themlelves according to law; and to punifh perfons for retorting to any meeting-houfes where fuch unqualified padors or miniders (hall officiate; it is enafted, That from and after the fir/i day 9f September, in the year of our Lord one thoufand Jeven nun-dred and forty fix, no letters of orders of any pajlor or minifter of any epifcopal meeting or congregation in Scotland, Jbould be deemedfuffi-dent, or be admitted to be regiftered, but fuch as had been given by fome bijbop of the church ^England, or of Ireland; and in cafe any letters of orders, other than Juch as are before deferibed, Jhould be regiftered, fuch regiflration Jhould be deemed null and void to all intents and purpofes: and whereas a doubt has been raifed upon the faid	\

recited claufe, whether the fame doth extend to any letters of orders winch have been regiftered before the faidfirjl day of September: now, for dealing and taking away any fuch doubt; it is hereby enaft- Letters of er-cd and declared by the authority aforefaid, That no letters of ders not grant-orders, not granted by fome bifhop of the church of England or f^ 1by fome of Ireland; mall, from and after the twenty ninth day of church 0/ * tember, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, be fuffici- England or ent, or be taken or adjudged to be fufficient, to qualify any Ireland, infuf-fuch paftor or minifter as above-mentioned, whether the fame ^?cnt to were regiftered before or after the faid firft day of September; and that every fuch regiftration, either made before or after the faid firft day of September, (hall, from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, be deemed null and void to all intents and purpofes.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons be-That every perfon who on the twenty fourth day of June, in longing to the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, banks (hall be a governor, deputy governor, direftor, fecretary, cafhier, iity them-treafurer, accountant or teller of, or ufe or exercife any fuch felvcs. employment in either of the banks in that part of Great Britain

called Scotland (that is to fay) The bank called or known by the name of The bank of Scotland, or the bank called or known by

the

Digitized by v^ooQle

2y6

Qualifications to be entered.

Penalty on fuch perfonc not qualifying.

Recital of a claufe in 20 Geo. 1. c. 43. f. 44. relating to agents and iolLitors.

Anno viceGmo primo Georgii II. c. 34*	[1748,

the name of The royal bant, (hall, within the fpace of three months after the faid twenty fourth day of June, take and fub-fcribe the oaths of allegiance and abjuration, and fubfcribe die adfurance appointed by law to be taken and fubfcribed by per-fons in offices of publick truft in Scotland, either in the court of feffion, court of judiciary, or in the (heriff or ftewart*$ court of the county, (hire, or ftewartry where fuch perfon (hall refide, or in one of his Majesty*s courts at iVefiutinJltr: and every perfon who, after the faid twenty fourth day of June, (hall be elefted or appointed to be, or accept or take upon him the employment of a governor, deputy governor, director, feone-tary, cafhier, treasurer, accountant, or teller of either of the faid banks (hall, within three months after he (hall accept or take upon him fuch employment, take and fubfcribe the bid oaths, and fubfcribe the faid adfurance, either in the faid court of feffion, coutt of judiciary, or in the (heriff’s or dewart's court of the county, (hire, or dewartry where fuch perfon (hall refide, or in one of his Majedy’s courts at JVe/lminJler 5 the taking and fubfcribing of which faid oaths and adfurance by all fuch perfon* refpedtively, (hall be entered on a roll or in a book for that purpose, and be kept amongd the records of the faid feveral courts,

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority afocefifid. That every fuch perfon who (hall refufe or negledt to take and fubfcribe the faid oaths, or to fubfcribe the faid afluranee^ in fome of the faid courts within the refpe&ive times afbrcfefidft (hall be ipfo fafto adjudged and deemed incapable and in law to enjoy, ufe, or exercife fuch employment of a \ nor, deputy governor, director, fecretary, cadiier, treL accountant, or teller: and if any fuch perfon fo refilling or a ledting to take and fubfcribe the faid oaths, or fubfcribe the ( adurance as aforefaid, (hall, after fuch refufal or neglect, 1 cife fuch employment, every fuch perfon (hall be liable to i the fame forfeitures, penalties, and difabilities, as perfon* i curing offices of publick truft in Scotland, who have negteflfeBd within the rime required by law to take and fubfcribe the Gfid oaths, or fubfcribe the faid affurance, may by the laws force be liable to and incur.

XVI.	And whereas by one other aft of the twentieth year i prefent Majefifs reign, it is enafted, That from and after the i ty ninth day of September, one thoufand jeven hundred and J /even, it /hall not be lawful for any perfon wbatfiever in \ to aft as a writer, agent, or folicitor, or to manage, agent, or 4 any caufe or bufinefs in the court of feffion, court of jujliciary (n at Edinburgh or in the circuit courts) or in the court of exch until fuch perfon /hall have fir/l taken and fubfcribed the oaths \ court of feffion or jujliciary, or in one of the Jheriffis or courts appointed by law to be taken by pertons in offices civil oi in Scotland, and caufed a certificate of his having Jo done to tend or regiflered in a book to be ket>t for that purpo/e in tb* 1 ^ courts where any fuch perfon /hall Jo officiate \ and whereas 4 hath been entertained, whether the perjons afting as extraften

Google

271

1748.] Annovicefimo primo Georgii II. c.34.

about the court of fejfunu as clerks to any of the lords of feffion, or to any advocate, as clerks or firjl fervants to the principal and wider clerks of feffion, or as keepers of the regifters of bonds, or other re-gifterSj as colie ft ors or fub collectors of the fees of the lord regijler and clerks of feffion, are comprehended within the intent and meaning of the find aft; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That no perfon (hall, after the faid twenty ninth day of September^ in the - year one thoufand feven hundred and forty Extractors eight, be or a6t as extractor to the court of feffion, or as clerk and clerks, to, or keeper of the hand rolls of any of the lords of feffion or bcc. to the jufticiary, or as clerk to any advocate, or as clerk or lirft fervant j*fUlj^^ua^ to any of the principal or under clerks of feffion or judiciary, fclvc#. or as keeper or under keepers of the regifter of bonds in any of the faid clerks offices, or other offices of regifters, or as collectors or fub-colleCtors of the fees of the lord regifter, or clerks of the feffion, unlefs he firft take the oaths, and fubfcribe the affurance, appointed to be taken and fubfcribed by perfons in offices of publick truft in Scotland, and caufe a certificate thereof to be entered and regiftered in a book to be kept for that pur-	be

pofe; and the lords of the feffion are hereby required to caufe regiftered. inch book to be kept by one of the principal clerks of the fef-fion, who is to enter the names of the perfons taking the faid	1

oaths, and fubferibing the faid affurance, in fuch books, upon the (aid perfons taking fuch oaths, and fubferibing fuch affur-ance, before the lords of the feffion, upon certificate from the proper officer of fuch other courts, where the fame (hall be taken and fubfcribed refpeCtively; and the lords of the feffion (hall Lifts of the caufe true and exad lifts of the faid perfons fo taking the faid P^0118 oaths, and fubferibing the faid declaration, to be affixed evenr t ^x1cd firft and laft day of every feffion, in the outer and inner houle jn the outer of the faid court, and to be kept up there conftantly, till new lifts and inner are fixed up according to this a<ft ; and in cafe any perfon (hall, houfc of thc after the faid twenty ninth day of September, be or aCt as afore- court*

(aid, before he (hall have fo taken the faid oaths, and fubfcribed the faid affurance, he (hall be fubjeCt to the fame difabilities, forfeitures, penalties, and puniftiments, as if he was writer, agent, or folicitor within the intent of rhe faid a6t; and the Orders to be lords of feffion are hereby impowered to give fuch orders, from g’iven by the-thne to time, to the clerks, macers, or keepers of a minute for dtfco-book, or other inferior officers, or members of their court, as ve,”ng agent* they (hall judge neceffary, for the more effectually difeovering not qualify-and punifhing fuch of the faid perfons, and fuch writers, agents, ing. or folicitors, who (hall not qualify themfclves according to this and the faid recited adt, and to cenfure and punifh fuch officers of their court, as they (hall find guilty of negle&ing to give obedience to fuch orders, or wilfully concealing any fuch offenders in not fo qualifying themfelves.

XVIL And whereas by an aft of parliament paffed in the firft year of (he reign of his late Majefiy, intituled, An a£t for encour- ,Gco’,‘c**t* aging of fuperjors, vaffals, landlords, and tenants in Scotland,

-who do or (hall continue in their duty and loyalty to his maje-fty King George; and for difeouraging all fuperiors, vaflals,

2	land-

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefuno prirho Georgii II. C.34J	£*74*.

landlords, and tenants there, who have been, or-fliall be guiky of rebellious practices againft his faid.Majefty; and for making void all fraudulent entails, tailzies, and conveyances made there, for barring or excluding the effect of forfeitures that may have been, or (hall be incurred there on any fuch account; and alfo for calling any fufpe&ed perfon or perfons, whofe eftates or principal refidence are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it (hall be judged expedient, to find bail for their good, behaviour ; and for the better difarming difiaffe&ed perfons in Scotland; it is, amongft other things, enafted, That all and every tenant and tenants in Scotland, who Jhould continue peaceable, and in dutiful allegiance to his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, bruicking and occupying any lands, milns, mines, woods, fijhings, or tenements, as tenant or tenants, taxman or taxmen, from and under any perjon guilty of any of the high treafons in the faid aft mentioned, Jhould, and they were thereby ordained to bruick and occupy all and every fuch lands, mines, milns, woods, fijhings, and tenements, for the fpace of two years, or crops, to be accounted from and after the

atthinder of fuch perfon, freely without payment of any rent, duty, or fervice, for the faid two years or crops; and that if any fubjift of Great Britain, holding lands or tenements of a fubjeft fuperior

in Scotland, had been, or Jhould be guilty of the high treafue or treafons in the faid aft mentioned, the lands or tenements of every Jmb offender, held of any fubjeft fuperior in Scotland, Jhould retogmfo, and return into the hands of the fuperior, and the property Jhould he, and was thereby confolidated with the fuperiority, in the fame manner as if the fame lands or tenements had been by the vajjal refigmd into the hands of his fuperior, ad perpetuam remanentiam; aud it* cafe any tenant or tenants, taxman or taxmen, bruicking and ocaPjpmg any lands, mines, milns, woods, fijhings, or tenements, being gu&tf if fuch high treafon or treafons as aforejaid, and Jhould be thereof dfo convifted and attainted, the title by which all and evety fuch tomfut or tenants, taxman or taxmen, did bruick or occupy as aforefaid, JbmM ceafe and become void, and the lands, mines, milns, woods, fijhimgs, and tenements fo bruicked or occupied, together with the Jingle uni life-rent efcheai of fuch tenant or tenants, taxman or taxmen, f return to and be enjoyed and poffejfed by the perfon or perfons fr under whom fuch title was derived refpeftively, who Jhould cm peaceable and dutiful to his Majejly, his heirs and fucceffors; and if is by the faid lajl recited oft further cnafted. That no perfon or puqfmu who might reap or have any benefit or advantage by the atiaimSkr* tonviftion, or forfeitures of any perfon or perfons by virtu* fame aft, Jhould be capable of being a witnefs or witneffes any perfon or perfons, by whofe attainder, conviftion, or tures, any benefit Jhould or might accrue to fuch witnefs a neffes: and whereas the faid aft was made on the occafion ufjf* unnatural rebellion which broke out in this kingdom in tb* of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, but et bath been conceived whether the claufes herein before recited* part thereof, do fill continue in force, or not; and in cafi tbmk Jhould be adjudged fo to be, great inconvenicrtcies might tm/eo* J" from for the future; be it therefore ena&cd by the authi

Digitized by

i?48*] Anno vicefimo prirxio Georgii II. c.34.	273

fofefaid, That fo much of the faid ad as is before recited, be, The . , and the fame is hereby, fijom ahd after the twenty ninth day of daufare* September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, repeal- pealed, ed, and declared to be no longer in force.

XVIII.	Provided always, That nothing in this claufe con- The King’s

tained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prejudice or right, &c. affedl the right, title, or intereft of the King’s mod excellent daufe majefty, or of any other perfon or perfons, veiled or accrued	a

hy virtue or means of any matter or thing whatfoever, happened or done at any time before the faid twenty ninth day of September.

XIX.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained (hall be Conftrudion conftrued to extend or enure, to declare or determine the faid of the faid claufes herein before recited, or any part thereof, to be or con - cl*u c5' tinue in force till the faid twenty ninth day of September; but

&ich expofition and conftrudion of the faid recited claufes, and every part thereof, (hall be made, as to any matter or thing happening before the faid twenty ninth day of September, as would and ought to have been made in cafe this adt had never been palled.

Xa. And whereas it is necejjbry to make feme farther provifion for the more effeftuaUy fuppreffmg the crimes of theft of cattle in the highlands of Scotland, or depredations committed by the unlawful taking or maintaining the pojfeffion of cattle by force and violence; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and The evidence after the twenty fourth day of Juney one thoufand feven of the party hundred and forty eight, in all trials or profecutions within that co.ncc^I}cci part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the crimes of theft of cattle, or the mafterful taking away or detaining the fame, it 0f cattle, fhall not be allowed to be a good objection to any witnefs produced for proving fuch libel or indidtment, that he was hitnfelf Particeps or Socius Criminis, nor lhall the evidence given by fuch witnfcfs be made ufe of againft himfelf, nor lhall he be liable to be profecuted for his acceflion to the offence which he lhall as a witnefs give evidence, that the fame was committed by the prifoner or pannel, in whofe trial he lhall be fo adduced, or that fuch prifoner or pannel was art and part thereof; any law, cu-ftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXI.	Ana whereas by another claufe of the faid aft of the nine-Uentb year of his prefent Majejly's reign, there are penalties impofed on perfons who Jball rejort to, or frequetit any epifcopal meeting-houfe or congregation in Scotland, not allowed by taw, who Jhall not, within the fpace of five days, give information of fuch illegal meeting to feme proper magijlrate: and whereas a doubt has been raifed, whether perfons prefent at fuch illegal meeting, who did not, within the fpace of five days, give information thereof as aforefaid, could bf compelled to appear and give evidence againji the minijier, or other perfon offending againji the faid aft; be it therefore enabled and The evidence declared by the authority aforefaid. That in all profecutions for of the party offences againft the faid adt, it (hall and may be lawful and com- referring to jpetent to produce as witneffes, whether againft the minifter or plICopaimcet-Vol. XIX.	I	hear-	houks,

274

admitted on trials for the (aid offence.

Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgii II. c. 1,-3.. [1749*

hearers, other perfons prefent who may alfo have been guilty of offending againft the faid a5 but the evidence given by fuch witnelfes (hall not be made ufe of, or given in evidence againft themfelves, upon any profecution for any penalty infli&cd by thejaid adt.

Anno vicejtmo fecundo GEORGII II.

AT the parliament	begun and boldeat Weftminfter, the

tenth day of November, Anno Dom. 174.7, in lit twenty fir ft year of the reign of our fovereign lord George the	Second, by the grace of Gof Great Britain, France,

and Ireland, King, defender of the , &c. And from thence continued by feveral prorogations to the twenty day of November, being the fecond feffion of this prtftnt parliament.

CAP. I.

An adt for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoulud feven hundred and forty nine. EXP.

CAP. IL

An adf for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine. Exp. At 4j. in the pound.

CAP. III.

An aft declaring the authority of the commiffioners appmttl by bis Majefty under the great feal of Great Britain,* for receivings hearings and determining appeals in cattfis of prizes.

WHEREAS his Majesty, in order to bring the mmy appeals that were or Jbould be depending from fentences in caufes tf prizes, pronounced in the courts of admiralty in this kingdom*, anil* any of the courts of admiralty in his Majesty's plantations in America, and alfo in the courts of admiralty in Ireland, and all other bis Mo-jejly's dominions abroad, to a fpeedy determination, did by his cotmf Jion under the great feats bearing date at Weftminfter the eleventh day of July, in the twenty fecond year of his reign, revoke a form commiffion for receivings hearings and determining fuch appeals panted to all his Majesty's then privy counfellorSs and all others his Mayfly's privy counjellon then and for the time beings during his pleafurr, and did alfoy by the fame commiffion of the eleventh day of July lofty eonftitute and appoint all his Majesty s privy counfellers then and fir the time beings as alfo Sir Thomas Parker knigbty lord chief bom of his Majesty's court ^Exchequer; Sir Martin Wright, Sir Thomas Dcnifon, and Sir Michael Fofter, knight s> juftius of Us 6	J6*

Digitized by CjOOQle

1749*1 Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRGH II. c.4,$.	275

Majefly's court of King’s bench 5 Sir Thomas Abney, Sir Thomas Burnett, and Sir Thomas Birch, knight/, inflicts of his Mayfly's court of Common Pleas; Charles Clarke, Edward Clive, and Heneage Legge, efquires, barons of his Majeily s court of exchequer $ and the chief baron of his Majefly's court of Exchequer, juflices of his Majefly's courts of King^s bench and Common Pleas, and the barons of bis Majefly's court of Exchequer for the time beings to be his Majefly's commijftoners for receiving, hearing, and determining fuch appeals, during his Majefly's pleafure, with fuch powers and authorities as are therein contained: and whereas fome objeiiions have been raifed againfl the laft mentioned commijfion, on account of the lord chief baron of his M jefly's cotirt of Exchequer, the juflices of his Majefly's courts of King’s bench and Common Pleas, and the barons of his Majeflys court of Exchequer, who were not of his Majeflys mofl honourable privy council, being joined therein: now, for removing and avoiding the (aid obje&ions, and all other objections and doubts what-foever relating to the faid commiflion; be it enabled and declared by the^King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority The commif-of the fame, That the faid commiflion, and all the powers, fion granted jurisdictions, and authorities therein contained, are and (hall be Jj^laTccf" deemed, conftrued, and adjudged to be good and valid in law,	.	dr

to all intents and purpofes, according to the true intent and	'

meaning thereof; and that the faid commiflioners, as well the an.d the corn-laid lord chief baron, and the faid juflices and barons therein [hou°]Je^t Qf named, and the lord chief baron of the faid court of Exchequer, the privy° and the juftices of the faid courts of King's bench and Common council, im-Pleas, and the barons of the faid court of Exchequer for the powered to time being, although they, or any of them, lhould not be of a^* his Maiefty’s molt honourable privy council, as other his Ma-jefty’s laid commiflioners, (hall and may, during his Majefly’s pleafure, have ufe, and exercife full power, jurifdiCtion, and authority to receive, hear, and determine all fuch appeals, and have, ufe, and exercife all other powers, jurifdiclions, and authorities, according to the true intent and meaning of his Ma-jefty’s faid commiflion.	No fentence

II. Provided always nevcrthelefs. That no judgement or i°f,\ maiority fentence to be given upon the hearing of any fuch appeal, (hall t^e com. * be valid, unlefs the major part of the commiflioners, who (hall milHonerspre-be prefent at fuch judgement or fentence, (hall be of his Maje- fent be of the fty’s mod honourable privy council.	Pnvy counci1-

CAP. IV.

An a£t for repairing and widening the road leading from the well at the north-weft end of the town or village of Farnborough in the county of Kent, to # place called Kiverhill, in the pari(h of Sevenoaks, in the faid county.

t	Certain	tolls	granted	for	ai years.

CAP. V.

An for puniftiing mutiny and defertion 5 and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. Exp.

T %	CAP.

Digitized by c^ooQle

Anno viccfimo fccundo Georgii II. c. 6—9.	[1749,

CAP. VI.

An aft for repairing, enlarging, and prefervinr the harbour \ of Ellcnfoot, in the county of Cumberland.

WHEREAS the harbour of Ellenfoot, in the county f Cumberland, although fituated very conveniently for the cool trade carried on in that county, is not, in its prefent fate and condition> capable of receiving and harbouring Jlips and vejfels fuffident for that purpofe \ but, in cafe a new pier, and other worts, were erefted and made in and about the fame, it might be made a proper and fufficient harbour for the reception and fafeguard of Jbips and vejfels navigating in thofe feas \ which would not onh be a means of extending the faid coal trade, but would contribute atfo to the increafe off his Majejlys cujioms, and the improvement of trade and navigation in general: but as a fufficient Jum of money cannot be raijed to defray the expence of amending and enlarging the faid harbourf and rendering the fame fit and proper for the purpofes afiyijaid,, without the aid and authority of parliament, may it therefore pleaie your mod excellent Majefty that it may be enabled, (etc.

From 15 March, 1749, during u years, there (hall be paid unto the cam* miflioners herein after named, viz. by the coal owner, two pence foreteiy 192 gallons of coals, (hipped in the harbour; and by the matter of the (hip, two pence for every 192 gallons; and after the end of at years,oae penny. Every matter of a (hip not loading coals, (hall pay upon nmod from any place in Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifle of Man, fix pease per ton. For every (hip which (hall be driven, or come in for fecurity, four pence per ton. Truftees to appoint collectors. The money rcqnrfd to be applied towards maintaining the harbour. Collectors to give fecSihr. Diftrefs tor non-payment of duties. Power to meafure (hips, to ataMi the tonnage. No (hip to be difeharged by the officers of the mfto—ll duties paid. Truttees to appoint the place for building the pier, Sex. U09 borrow money. New truftees to be elcCted. No rubbiln, See. to be rftrooi into the harbour, on pain of ten (hillings.

CAP. VII.

An aCt for repairing the road from the Weft Cowgatr near the tow* of Newcattle upon Tyne, through the weft end ot Kenton, Pont Efand, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belfay Mill, and South Middleton* to north fide of the river Wanfpeck, in the county of NorthumbyrlanO.

Certain tolls granted for ix years.

CAP. VIII.

An aCt to continue two aCts of parliament, one of the firtt, and the other of the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing^ enlarging the road leading from the houfe called The Sign of the Bdk, in the pari(h of Saint Margaret in Rochetter, to Maidftone, mod otktf roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent \ and for rendering At fame more effectual.

The two former ads 1 Geo. a. r. 12. and 9 Geo. u c. 7. continued for %t years,

CAP. IX.	’

An aCt for repairing the road from North Shields in the county of FfeP* thumberfand, to the town of Newcattle upon Tyne.

Certain tolls granted for at years,

2	CAP.

Digitized by LjOOQle

*749j Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 10,11.

CAP. X.

An ad for laving a duty of two pennies Scots, upon every Scots pint of beer and sue, which 'mall be fold or vended, brewed, brought m, or tapped for&le, within the town of Anftruther Eafter, and liberties thereof.

A duty of exetfi granted to the town for years.

CAP. XI.

Au aBfor draining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds in the feveral parifhes of Sutton, Mepall, Witch-am, Chatteris, Doddington, and a place called Byal Fen in the ijle of Ely, and county of Cambridge ; and alfo in the parifhes of Somerfham and Pidley with Fenton in the county of Huntingdon.

WHEREAS certain fen lands and low grounds {part of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level) lying and being in the feveral partjhes of Sutton, Mepall, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a place called Byal Fen in the ijle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, and alfo in the parifhes of oomerfliam and Pidley with Fenton in the county of Huntingdon, containing in the whole, nine thoufand acres, or tnereabouts, the boundaries whereof are as followeth; that is to fay, beginning at a bank called toe Twenty Feet Bank or Black Bank, next adjoining to a houfe now in poffeffion of Thomas Rogers; and from thence along by the fide of the outring ditch, next the lands called North Mead Lands, to a place called the Weft Water; and from thence along by the faid water to a place called Copens Corner; and from theme to Somer-(hara turnpike-bridge, on the eajl fide of land formerly called the Old Weft Water; and from thence back again by a common called the Miles, along by the eajl fide of a piece of land called the Parfonage Lot, to a gate which leads to a piece of land now in poffeffion of Thomas Want; and from thence along by the bank fide of the faid land to the end of a ditch, lying between a lot of land now or late in poffeffion William Thonjpfon ef quire, and certain other lots of land, now in poffeffion of John Goodfellow, and William Archdeacon, to a place called Long Drove; and from thence crofs the faid Drove, at tbe lot of land in poffeffion of the faid William Archdeacort, and a-long by a ditch leading between two lots of land, now in poffeffion of Ifaac Stephens, to certain low lands, now in poffeffion of Ifaac Woollafton efquire\ and from thence round by the fide of certain high lands, now in poffeffion of the faid Ifaac Woollafton, to a place called Crofs Drove, at the upper end of a place called Crofs Lakes; and from thence back again by tbefaid Crofs Drovefide,next the faid Crofs Lakes, to a place called Long Drove ; and from thence along by the ends of feveral lots of land, now in poffeffion of Jane Leeds widow, William Thomibn efquire, and Thomas Want, next the faid Long Drove, to a place oppofite to the end of a ditch between certain Iqts of land, lying on the wefi fide of Long Drove, now in pqffeffion iff James Hubbard and John Leeds, to a place called Parkel LqJ did tj and from thence to a place called Slyer Ditch, and along by the

T 3	faid

Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRGH II. c. i rJ [1749;

faid ditch to a place oppofite to certain low lands belonging to Uaac Woollafton, before named; and from thence crofs a drove called Rumbald’s Drove, along by the fide of the adjacent high lands* to a place called Somerfham Meadow Dike, and along by the fide of the faid meadow to the oppofite end of a place called Little Land Flood, belonging to certain clofes called College Clofes; and from thence along by certain high lands, to a place known by the name of Somerfham Low Wood Corner 5 and from thence along Somerfham Low Wood, and a place known by the name of Fernhill Bottom, to a dole next adjoining to a place called Pidley Drove, now or late in pojfejjion of Agnes Cope widow, and from thence crofs a place called the Drove, and round by the fide 0/Tidley Meadow, to a dike between a place called Upper Lunch Ground, and certain lands now or late in pcjfejfton of Agnes Cope widow, along to certain land next adjoining to a place called Fenton Drove, nozv in pojfeffion of William Thompfon efquire, before-named; and from thence along lands next adjoining to a drove called Fenton Drove, in pojfeffion of the faid William Thompfon, and along by the faid drove to tbi further end thereof; and from thence to the fide of the high lands, and round by a farm called Rowey Farm; and from thence to the middle hedge of certain land now in pojfejjion of William Pagget efquirt, catted raggets Great Ground; and from thence along by Fenton Load to a dike between a farm belonging to Mary Underwood, called Hither High Fen Farm; and a farm belonging to Charles Leeds; and from thence along by the faid dike to a drain, called the T welveFoot Drain; and along by a bank on the wejl fide of the faid drain to a place called Hammond’s Eau; and from thence along by themrtb fide of fen ground, belonging to Ifaac Woollafton efquire* before named, to Somerfham turnpike-bridge; and from thence akng the eafl fide of Somerfham turnpike road to a place called the Fenry Chelm, otberwife Chatteris Ferry ; and from thence along by the cutring ditch next adjoining to a common known by the name of Yeery Burrows, to another common called Horfeload Fen; and frm thence along by the outring ditch, next adjoining to the faid fen, formerly known by the name of Snares Load, to a tunnel lying under and through a bank called Ireton’s Way or Bank, and from thence along by the outring ditch, which parts certain grounds called Mepall Severals, from a common called Block Fen, and the outring ditcb which parts Chatteris Severals, and the faid Block Fen, to the bid bank called Ireton’s Way, otberwife Mepall Bank; and from theme along by the faid way or bank to Chatteris Common, near to a place there called Wenny; and from thence along by the outring ditch, which parts the lands now in pcjfejfton of Matthew Wyldbore efquire, and others, from a place called Chatteris Common, to a common fen called Long Wood Fen Common; and from thence along htbe outring ditch, which divides certain land, now in pojfejjion of John Marriott, from the laft-mentioned common, and along the outrhtg ditch of certain land, now in pojfeffion of Francis Pemberton clerk, to certain land called Bifhops La nd,nowin pojfejjion of Muck Gretton clerk ; and from thence along by the faid ditch, next adjoining to a cm* tnon called Chatteris Common, to a bank calledtbeFortyFootBudk,

and

Digitized by v^ooQle

1749.J Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. ii*

and fo along by the fold bank to a place called Welches Dam; and from thence along by the bank called the Twenty Foot Bank, or Black Bank, to the divifion dike between the houfe of Thomas Rogers before-named* and the (aid north mead lands-* and all that trail of land called Weftmoor Beezlings and Reftidge, beginning from and at a drain called the Forty Foot Drain ; and from thence along by a part of Chatteris Common called Curfe; and from thence abutting upon and againjl land called Willey ; and upon a common called Under Willey, to the end of certain land next adjoining to a place called Hive End Burrows, now in poffeffion 0/* Edward Doyley; and from thence along by the outring ditch of certain other land, now in pojffeffim of the laid Edward Doyley, Gotobed Eaft, Thomas Smith, John Marriott, and others, to part of a common called Chatteris Mow, olherwife Acre Fen; and from thence along by the outring ditch next the faid Mow, otherwife Acre Fen, to a piece of land formerly called the Weft Water, otherwife Old Weft Water; and from thence along by the faid land, to certain land now in pojfef-fion of Sir Thomas Peyton baronet \ and from thence along by the outrrng ditch between the land of the faid Sir Thomas Peyton, and land now or late in pojfejjion of Rebecca Clark, Benjamin Skecles, and the heirs ^Robert Skeeles, to a drove called Beezlings Drove 5 and from thence along by the eaft fide of the faid drove, to the afore-faid drain called the Forty Foot Drain; and from thence along by the faid drain, to the aforefaid piece of Chatteris Common called Curfe; and from thence along by the fatd common, to a place called Carters Bridge; are (except certain parts and parcels thereof* which are herein after deferibed and excepted) fubjeft to inundations through the defeH of their outfals to fea, and are in danger of being rendered ufe-Ufs* to the great damage and impoverijhment of the owners and proprietors of fuch grounds, and to the lofs of the publick: and whereas the faid fen lands and low grounds cannot be preferved without the aid of parliament, to enable the owners thereof to drain the fame, and to keep the fame drained for the future; may it therefore pleafe your moll excellent Majefty that it may be enabled, &c.

CommifTioners impowered to make works for draining the lands. Juftices at the quarter feflions to fettle differences. CommifTioners to meet twice a year, to make orders for draining the lands, and to appoint officers. Com-miffioners impowered to raife a tax of 1 s, 6 d. per acre for the firft year; and for every year after, 1 s per acre. Certain lands exempted from being taxed. CommifTioners impowered to borrow money on the yearly rates, at 5 1. per cent. CommifTioners impowered to award fatisfa&ion to the proprietors of We ft more Beezlings, and Reftidge, for cuts made by them. The tax to be levied by diftrefs and fale. Tenants required to pay the tax, which is to be allowed them by the landlords. Tunnels to be laid under all the dikes, &c. 100I. Penalty on wilful damaging, &c. the works. For want of diftrefs the perfon to be committed. Perfons convi&ed of fehing fire to any of the works, to be tranfported as felons. CommifTioners to in-fpe& and adjuft the accounts yearly. Upon death, &c. of CommifTioners, others to be chofen in their room. Number not to exceed 45. No works to be made to hinder the waters drained from certain lands, from ifTuing to their outfall. The rights of the governor, &c. of Bedford Level, refer ved.

T 4	CAP.

Digitized by

aBo Annoviceffmofecundo GeoRGII IL C. it—16.	1*1749.

CAP. XII.

An aft for continuing and making more effeftual two afts of parliament, the one palled in the eleventh year of the reign of his late raajeftjr King George the Firft,. and the other in the third year of the reign of hi* pre-fent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from Sherbrooke Hill near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith in the county of Derby, through the town of Stockport in the county of Chefter, to Manchefttrin the county of Lancafter; and for amending other roads adjoining to the road tn-refted to be repaired by the fcrlt-mentioned aft.

* the firmer uB, u Geo. x. c. 13. and 3 Geo. *. c. 4. Continued fir at yemn-

CAP. XIII.

An aft for laying a daty of two pennies Scots, or one Hath part of a penny Sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, which fhali be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the town of Kingtxorn, and liberties thereof.

A duty of excife granted to the town fir $1 years, &c.

CAP. XIV.

Ao aft for continuing and making more efieftual two afts of parliament^ for repairing the highway between a certain place called IGlburn Bridge in the county of Middlesex, and Sparrows Heme in the county of Hertford.

Tbe former aBs 10 Ann. and 8 Geo. x. c. 9. continuedfir 11 years..

CAP. XV.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft paffcd in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, tor repaiiing the feveral roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Leonpnfter in the county of Hereford; and for making the faid ad more effc&uaL Tbe a& 2 Geo. a. r.13. continued fir on years

CAP. XVI.

An aft for draining and improving certain fen lands within the manors and parifhes of Upwell and Outwcll, and tbe parijbes of Denver and Welney, in tbe ijle of Ely, and counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

WHEREAS certain fen lands lying and being in tbe perijb of Denver, the manors and parifhes of Upwell and Outwelf, And tf)e parijb of Welney, within tbe iflt of Ely, county of Cambridge, and county of Norfolk, containing tu the whole near eleven tboujand acres, and bounded as followeth; that is to fay, from tbe out ring ditch of the land of Joleph Gordon gentleman, next to tbe bank of tbe land of Edmund Saffery gentleman, and along Wefl Creek, by North Delph Corner, to Churchfield Bank in Out-well afore faid ; and along Churchfield Bank to a place called Small Load, where it joins a bank called Plowfield Bank; and along Plow-field Bank to a place called Upwell Sluice landing upon Popham’s Eau ; and from thence, along by Popham’s Eau, to a place called •The Sixteen Foot Bjmk; and from thence, along by the faid bank) to a place called Th* Old Chair Drain ; and from thence to a blots sailed Darcy Load; and from thence along by the faid load, to Welney Old River; and from thence along by the faid river, to a place failed The Twenty Foot Drain, at Welney 5 and from theme, flong by the faid drain, to tbe outring ditch of tbe land of the fedi

Jofcph

Digitized by Google

*749»J Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgn H. C. 17—19,

Jofcph Gordon, next to the /aid Twenty Foot Drain; and along the faid outring ditch to \ydl Creek; have of late years been frequently overflowed, and annoyed with water, by reafon of the decay of the outfall which difchargeh the land waters to the fea, and are thereby greatly diminijhed in their value, to the great lofs of the federal owners and proprietors thereof and of the publick in general: and whereas the faid fen lands cannot be drained and preferved, fo as to reftore them to their real vafue9 without the aid of parliament to enable the faid fcveral owners and propie tors to undertake the fames may it pleafe your tnoft excellent Majefty, that it may be en-a&ed, tfc.

Commiffioners impowered to make works for draining the lands. Juftices at the quarter lemons to fettle differences. Commiffionerf to meet twice a year, impowered to make orders, and appoint officers. CommiflUoners impowered to raife a tax of t s. 6 d. per acre for the firft year; and for every year after, i s. per acre. Commiffioners impowered to borrow mosey on the yearly rates; at 5 I. per cent. Commiffioners impowered to*remove the mills ere&ed for draining the lands; and to ere& them where they fhaH think proper, and to examine the accounts of the monies expended, &c. The commiffioners to reimburfe the monies expended in banking certain parts of the so feet drain. The tax to be levied by diftrefs and fale. Tenants required to pay the tax, which is to be allowed them by the landlords. Horfe-mills may be ere&ed on the arable lands. Tunnels to be laid under all the dikes, &c. Officers impowered to lay them if the owners refufe, See. 1001. penalty on wilful damaging, See. the workfe For want of diftrefs, the perfon to be committed. Perfons convi&ed of letting fire to any of the works, to be tranfported as felons. Commiflionert to infpe& and aajuft the accounts yearly. Upon death, See. ofcommiflion-ers, others to be chofen in tbtir room. Number not to exceed forty. The rights of the governor, See. of Bedford Level referved.

CAP. XVII.

An a6k for efte&uafiy amending and repairing the road leading from Wansford Fridge in the county of Northampton, to the town of Stamford in the county of Lincoln.

Certain tolls granted for 11 years.

CAP. XVIII.

An a$ for enlarging the term and powers granted by an a& palled in the third year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, for repairing the feveral roads leading into the city of Hereford.

‘The a8 3 Geo. 1. c. 18. continued for as years.

CAP, XIX.

An	aft for the more effectual draining and	of	feve-

ral fen lands and field lands, in the bounds of Wliittlefey in the ifie of Ely, the county of Cambridge.

WHEREAS there	are certain fern and low grounds lying in

the tmnjbip of Wbittlefey, within the ip of Ely, and county of Cambridge, containing in the whole about nine thoufand fevtn hundred and fifty acres; and which are divided into five feveral di-firiits or	trails, containing	the feveral parcels and quantities of land

herein after particularly mentioned and deferibed; that is to fayy all

thofe

281

Digitized by UooQle

Anno vicefimo lecundo GeoRGH II. c. 19.	(^1749.

tbofe fen lands and low grounds lying in Whittlefey aforefaid, in a place there called King’s Delph, containing by ejlimation three hundred and fifty acres, be the fame more or lefs, and bounded as fellows ; to wit, From King’s Delph Gravely Canters Doles Dyke, to the droveway dividing Blackbulh from King’s Delph (excluding the fetid droveway) from the faid droveway by the lands of mifirej: Frankland, Thomas Randall, William Drake, William Angdl, George Mayles, George Randall, (ind Thomas Randall, to the firft crofs-drove; along the faid firft crofs drove by the lands of tbc faid Thomas Randall and Thomas Kelfull to Suet-hill Drove; along Suet-hill Drove foulh, by the lands of John Loomcs fenier, to the fecond crofs-drove \ by the faid lands of Joha Loomes and William Searle to the third crofs-drove; and along the faid third crofs-drove by the* lands of George Watfon to the fourth crofs-drove; along the faid fourth crofs-drove by the lands of William Fletcher, to the drove dividing the Setts and Running Commons ; along the faid drove to the wejl end of-the Freeman’s Acres; from the weft end of the faid Freeman’s Acres, to the half dole on the eajl fide $f toe Brigwood 5 and along the faid half dole to Whittlefey Dyke, at Fields-cnd Bridge; and from the Fields-end Bridge along Whittlefey Dyke to King’s Delph Gravel aforefaid; do conjlitute the firft di/lrifl or divifion ; and all tkofe fen lands and low grounds caFui Reach, otherwife Blackbulh, containing by ejlimation fourteen hundred acres, be the fame more or lefs, and bounded as follows; to wit, From the town of Whittlefey, to a place called Pond’s Bridge, by a drain called The Sixteen Feet Drain ; and from thence by the faid drain called Oakley Dike, to the Running Commons in King’s Delph at thefouth end thereof; and front thence by a droveway wbitb divides the Jaid lands called Blackbulh, from the faid lands catted King’s Delph, to the north corner of the faid miftrefs Frankland’* lands called Running Common (including the faid droveway) and from thence by the north end of Thomas Moore’s lands to Canters Doles Dyke ; and from thence by Canters Doles Dyke to Whittle-fey Dyke, near King’s Delph Gravel, being the wejl boundary thereof \ and from the faid Whittlefey Dyke, near King’s Delph Gravel, by the fame dyke to a place called the Long Gravel; and from the Long Gravel by a dyke which divides the north end of tbc land called mafttr Bird’s Hundred Acres,from the lands of Rebecca Serjeant, widow, John Hoby, and John Garner, to the faid Sixteen Feet Drain (excluding fuch lajl mentioned lands, and the faid mafter Bird’s One Hundred Acres) do. conjlitute and make the fecond divifion; and all thofe fen lands and low grounds called The Setts, Great Oldeameere, and Near Wype, containing by eJHm-tion one thoufand acres, be the fame more or lefs, and bounded as fellows ; to wit, From Whittlefey Dyke, overagainfi Eaftrey Lake, by the half feverals and fields belonging to the town of Whittlefey, to a droveway leading from Whittlefey to Eaftrey called the Common Half-acre (excluding the faid half feverals and fields) and firm the Common Half-acre, by a droveway leading to the half feverels called the Fen Lots excluding the faid half feverals called tbc Fen Lots, and including the whole feverals called the Fen Lots) and frm

the

Digitized by CjOOQle

1749-] Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgii II. c. 19;

the faid Fen Lots by Eaftrey-field to Coates; and from Coates by Kelfull’s lands and the laid Thomas Moore’s thirteen acres at Lip-nea* and from the jaid Thomas Moore’s lands at Lipnea, by a droveway leading to Beggar’s Bridge* and from Beggars Bridge, by Bevil’s River to Whittlefey Dyke, near Angle Bridge; and from Angle Bridge by the faid Whittlefey Dyke to Eaftrey Lake aforefaid, do conjtitute the third divifion* and all thofe fen lands and low grounds, called by the names of the Far Doles in Far Wype, Little Oldeameere, The Turves, and Eaftrey Fen, containing by efiimation two thottfand acres, be the fame more or lefs, and bounded as follows * to wit, by Bevill’s River from Angle Corner (excluding the river bank from Angle Comer to Angle Bridge) to Shaw’s Dyke, and by Shaw’s Dyke to Whittlefey Dyke, and by Whittle-' fey Dyke to Angle Bridge (excluding the faid bridge) do conjlitute the fourth divifion* and all thofe fen lands and low grounds called Glaffmoore, containing by efiimation five thoufand acres, be the fame more or lets, and bounded as follows 5 to vbit. From Angle Bridge by Whittlefey Dyke to a dyke dividing the lands in the occupation of Peter Hurneld and lands ^George Watfon from the lands of John Stona the elder 5 from the lands of the faid John Stona the elder along the faid lands by the faid dyke to the fouth fide of a droveway called Forth Drove, and along the fold drove wefi, to the wefi fide of a dyke dividing the lands of Henry Coventry efquire, and David Searle (and excluding the faid Henry Coventry’* lands) and along the faid lands of the faid David Searle by the faid dyke to the fouth end of a drove called Roger’s Drove * and along the faid drove wefi to the zvefi fide of a dyke dividing other lands of the Jaid Henry Coventry from lands belonging to the faid town of Whittlefey (but excluding the faid Henry Coventry’j lands) and along the find lands belonging to the faid town of Whittlefey by the [aid dyke to lands of Thomas Ground* and along the faid lands by the faid dyke to tie fouth fide of Benwick Drove; ana along the faid drove wefi to the eafl end of fourteen acres of John Dawkings* and from the faid fourteen acres to the land of John Laxon efquire, Francis Ibertfon, and James Whittome, (including the fame lands) to a droveway called Angle Bridge Drove 5 and along the faid drove a dyke dividing the lands of Samuel Hawkins from Ramfey Lot Drove* along the faid lands of Samuel Hawkins by the fame dyke to lands ^Richard Speechley ; along the faid lands by the fame dyke to the lands of Thomas Beaver * and along the faid lands of Thomas Beaver by the fame dyke to eight acres of the carl Waldegrave* and along the faid eight acres to a dyke dividing the fame from the lands of Coulfon Fellowes efquire, (excluding the faid lands of the faid Coulfon Fel-lowes) and from the faid eight acres by the fame dyke to a flow or gapficad of the faid earl Waldegrave; and from the faid flow or gapftead along other lands of the faid earl by the faid dyke to the lands ofWilliam Plummer* and along thefaid lands of the faid William rlummer by the fame dyke to lands of the earl of Lincoln * and by the fame dyke to Delph Dyke otherwife Sword Dyke * and by Sword Dyke to Bcvill’s River at Pond’s Bridge, and by Bevill’s River to Whittlefey Dyke at Angle Corner * and from Angle Corner by

*83

Whittlefey

Anno ricefimo fecundo Georgii II, c. 20. f 1749.

Wbittlefey Dyke to Angle Bridge oforefeid; do couflitute thi fifth divifion: and whereas the find fen lands and low grounds do naturally produce great quantities of corn and grain, and alfo forage for cattle, to the great benefit of the owners thereof, and the advantage of the publick \ but by reafon of their flat fituation, and the defeft of their outfalls to thefea, the Jam are liable to be overthrown, and covered with water, and cannot be drained, and kept dry, unlefs feme powers and provifions be made and given for that purpofe by authority of parliament : wherefore to the end and intent that the faid lands and grounds may be more effectually drained, and preferved for the future, for the benefit of the proprietors thereof, and of the publiok; may it pleafe your mod excellent Majefty that it may be enaCted, hfc.

Commiffioners for the feveral divifions impowered to make works for draining the lands. Juftices to determine differences. Commiffioners to meet twice a year, to make orders for draining the grounds. No new cut to be made in any whole lands for conveying the water from any mill. Com-miffioners impowered to appoint officers. Commiffioners impowered to make a yearly acre-rate, *i//*. For King's Delph, being the firft divifion, not exceeding 5 s. per acre in the firft year, and a s. an acre in any other year; for the ocher divifions, 1 s. 6 d. an acre in the firft year, and 1 s. 6 d. in any other year. On default of payment, the rates to be levied by diftrefs and /ale. Tenants to pay the rates, and dedu& the fame out of toe rents. Power of diftraining on lands unoccupied. Upon death, &c. of coramif-fioners, others to be chofen. voo 1. penalty on wilful damaging, &c. the works. To be levied by diftrefs and fale. For want of diftrels, the per-foil to be committed. Perfons convi&ed of fetting fire to, or deftroying any of the works, to be tranfported as felons. Commiffioners and land owners to adjuft the accounts yearly. In cafe of difagreement two juftices So determine the difference. 10s. penalty on making watering places for cattle in the mill -drains. The droveway and outring dykes to be kept of a fufficieat depth, and 9 feet broad, and well roaded, See. The homage jury to be commiffioners for draining the common-field lands $ and for making an annual rate, and appointing officers. The rights of thcr go*» vernor, &c. of Bedford Level, referved. Powers of the commiffioners not to extend to certain lands. Five commiffioners to determine dilputes about vthat lands are liable to be charged.

CAP. XX.

j4n ail	for making more effeSual an ail faffed in the eleventh

and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, for the better preferving the navigation of the rivers Avon and Froome; and for	and

enlightening the Jlreets of the city of Briftol, fo far as the fame ail relates to the paving and enlightening the faid Jlreets and for the regulating hackney	balliers,

draymen, and carters, and the markets and fellers of hay and fir aw, within the faid city and liberties thereof.

WHEREAS	by an ail made in the eleventh and twelfth years

of the reign of his late majtfty King William the Third (intituled, An a& for the better preferving the navigation of the rivers Avon and Froome; and for cleanfing. paving, and enlightening the ftreets of the city of Briftol) provifm was made for the enlightening

Digitized by v^ooQle

1749*1 Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. C. 21.	285

lightening the ftreets of the city if Briftol in manner therein mentioned; but which bath, in many injiances, been found inefficient to anfwer the good purpofes intended by the faid aft;. and more particularly for want of a fufficicnt power being vejled in the jvfiices °f the peace in their general quarter feffions to order and oblige the inhabitants of the feve-ral parijhes and precinfts within the find cityy to mate ufe of publick lamps within their refpeftwe parijhes and precinfts^ and to order the number of fuch lamps; and alfo for want of afeertaining a due length of time, during which fuch lamps JhaU be kept burning: and for want of erefting and maintaining a competent number of fuch publick lamps, the citizens and inhabitants of the feud city are expofed to the danger of fires, murdersy burglaries, robberies, and many other outrages and tnconveniencies; and the enlightening of the faid fireets is greatly hin -dered and obfirufted by fign^ which are hung out before the houfis of	&

feveralperfons y and which obfeure the fame: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed, 6v.

The mayor and jufttces to order the number and fafliion of the lamp*.

Power given for contracting for the ere#ing of.the lamps j and for lighting and trimming them, Contra# to be made but for i year, and not to exceed the fum rated. Parifli officers excluded from being interefted in any contra#. Parifli officers to meet yearly. Rates to be made, and collectors to be appointed. Juftices to confirm the rates. CoUe#ors to make payment to the furveyars. Periods aggrieved may appeal. Collectors becoming infblvent, the rates to be re-attefled. Collectors and furveyors to account yearly, See. on pain of commitment. Alderman of the cattle pre-cin#s to give notice to the guardians, See. of the poor, to meet in Febru-aty yearly. 40 s. penalty on perfons breaking or extioguifliing the lamps. lfc^ayor and juftices to hear offences. For want of diftrefs, the party to be committed. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. uaufes m 11 St 1% W. j. relating to the enlightening the ftreets repealed. The Mayor and juftices to make orders concerning the pavement. Surveyors jf the highways to have the charge of paving. Rates to be made for paving. Water falling from the tops of homes to be conveyed by pipes on the ikies or fronts. Carriages ufed within the city to be drawn by 3 nodes only ; the wheels not to be bound with iron ftreaks of left breadth than 6 inches. The mayor and aldermen, See. to make rules for regulating hackney coachmen, Sec. The mayor and common council to make orders for regulating the new market. Hay and ft raw brought for ftle into Briftol tube made up into trufles. Trufles of hay to weigh 56 lb. and of ftraw ) lb. None to gain a fettlement by paying of theft rates.

CAP. XXI.

An	a8 for explaining and (mending an	in the

teentb year of bisprefent Majeftfs reign, intituled. An aft for railing and eftablifhing a fund for a provision for the widows and children of the minifters of the church of Scotland, and of the heads, principals, and matters of the urrfvcrfities of Saint Andrew, and Edinburgh.

WHEREAS by an att made in the	ef tbe	tjGeo.t.e.n.

reign of bit prefent Majejly, intituled. An aft for railing and eftabuihing a fund for a provifion for the Widow, tad children of the minifters of the church of	and	of

the

Digitized by v^ooQie

286

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii IL c< 2 r,	[ 1749.

the heads, principals, and mailers of the univerfities of Saint Andrews, Glafgow, and Edinburgh; it was, among other things, tnafted, That every minijler who Jhall be ordained and admitted to a benefice in the church of Scotland, and every perfon who Jhould be admitted as heady principal or mafiery in any of the three univerfities of Saint Andrews, Glafgow, and Edinburgh, after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty foury Jhould be fubjeft to the annual rate of two pounds twelve fbillings and fix pence, or of three pounds eighteen Jhillings and nine pence, or of five pounds five JbillingSy or of fix pounds eleven Jhillings and three pence, of lawful money of Great Britain, at his option; and Jhould, at the term of Candlemas next after admiffion to, or enjoyment of his benefice or jalary for one whole year, make payment of one year's rate; and in cafe he, at fiuch term of Candlemas, had been admitted to, or enjoyed his faid benefice orJalary only for one halfyear, he Jhould only be liable to the payment of half of the faid yearly rate, and to the full year's rate at each term of Candlemas next thereafter, during his life; and every minijler, head, principal, or mafier as aforefaid, was required to make bis election of one of the faid four yearly rates, on or before the firfi term of Candlemas after he Jhould have right to one half year's benefice or falary ^ or before the term 0/* Candlemas next after having had right for one year and half to any beneficefituate in the wefiern or northern ifies of Scotland 5 and in default thereof he was to be fubjeft to the annual rate of three pounds eighteen Jhil-lings and nine pence, during life; and every minijler, head, principal, or mafier intitled to a benefice or office as aforefaid, and every mini/ler in the wefiern and northern ifies of Scotland, before the twenty fifth of March, one thoufandfeven hundred and forty four, was to give notice within fix months, or eighteen months refpeftively, that he would not be fubjeft to any of the yearly rates before mentioned, or would fubjeft himfilf to one or other of them, declaring which of them he chofe to be fubjeft to \ and in default of giving fuel) notice refpeftively, was to be liable to the annual rate of three pounds eighteen Jbillings and nine pence : and the faid aft likewife ascertained what proportion of the faid rates Jhould be paid refpeftively by minijlers, heads, principals, or mafiers, who at their deaths, had only right to one half of the benefice or falary of that year, and by their heirs and executors, and by thofe who had right to the ann; and what other rates and fums Jhould be paid by every minijler, head, principal or mafier, for the firfi year, and upon the marriage of minijler;, heads, principals, and mafiers, ordained or admitted ajfijtants and fuccejjors to thofe having right to a benefice or falary; and upon the firfi and every Succeeding marriage of every minijler, fyady principal, or mafier, admitted as well after as before the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, to his benefice or office: and every mini-fier, head, principal, or mafier aforefaid,.neglefting to pay the annual or other rates due at the times appointed, was to be fubjeft to lawful interefi from the refpeftive times of payment: ar.d every benefice and every office as aforefaid, vacant before the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand Jeven hundred and forty four, was to be fubjeft to the fum offive pounds j and vacant on or after the faid twenty

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRGII II. c. 21.

H* Wfof March, to two pounds ten Jbillings, for every half year vacancy Jhould continue: and it was further enafted, That out of 1mf aforefaid annual rates and other fums, there Jhould be paid, by or-H* and direction of trujlees therein after named, a fum not exceeding Hr hundred and ten pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain,year-H for the falaries of a general colie ft or or receiver, and a clerk ; Wta that the remainder of the faid feveral fums Jl)0uld be applied to the payment of an annuity of ten pounds, or fifteen pounds, or twenty pounds, or twenty five pounds refpcftively, to the widow of rjery mi-nifter, heady principal, or majlcr, who hath been fubjcft to the annual rates of two pounds twelve Jbillings and fix pence, or three pounds eighteen Jhtllings and nine pence, or five pounds five Jbillings, or fix pounds eleven Jbillings and three pence refpcftively, to commence fron the firfi term of Whitfunday or Martinmas, which Jhould be one full half year after the husband's death ; and if no widow was left, but one or more children, fuch child or children was to be intit led to a fum equal to ten years annuity that would have been payable to their father's widow ; and if the widow died, or was married before the lapfe of ten years after the commencement of her annuity, and whofe hujband left a child or children, who, at her death or marriage, Jhould be under the age of fixteen years, fuch child or children was to be intitled to a fum equal to ten years of the faid widow's annuity, deducting fo much thereof as had been then received by the widow : and it was further enafted, That the furplus of the annual rates and fums after payment of the annual expence of management, and of the faid annuities and other provifions, Jhould, at the term of Whitfunday yearly, be lent out to minijlers, heads, principals, and majlers, fub-jeft to annual rates as aforefaid, to the amount of thirty pounds to each (every of whom was thereby obliged to receive the fame) which was to be repaid with interefi, at the time that he ceafed to have right to his benefice or office: and it was thereby further enafted, That all future furplufjes, over and above the fums Jo lent as aforefaid, Jhould, from time to time, be lent out at an interejl not under four pounds per centum per annum, until a capital was made of thirty Jive thousand pounds; and the furplus ariftng above the faid capital, was to be divided proportionably amongfl the children of minijlers, heads, principals, and majlers, who, in refpeft of the death of their father, or the death or marriage of his widow within that year, Jhould be then intitled to receive their provifions: and divers provifions were enafted to prevent any diminution of, or incroachment upon, the faid capital: and trujlees were nominated for levying, receiving, and ijfuing the refpeftive annual fums payable by virtue of the Jaid aft for the pur-pofes therein exprejfed, and for lending out the furplus in manner therein direfted, and for raffing the aforefaid capital of thirty five thousand pounds by loans at interejl, and for uplifting the faid capital in the whole or in part, and re-employing the fame; and they were to meet in the old church ijle at Edinburgh, and were to have four Jlated regular meetings yearly \ and a general colleftor or receiver of the aforefaid annual or other rates was to be appointed, who was to have full power to carry on all fuits and a ft ions for recovery thereof \ and was impowsred to ufe all diligence for fecuring all ana every the

afore-

Digitized by

JtW	Anno	viceflmo	fecundo Georgii II. c.	[1749.

aforefaid fums; the expence whereof was to be recovered out of the refpettive debtors'ejlates, without arty abatement or mitigation; and incidental expences of the faid trujlees were not to exceed, in any one year, the fum of forty pounds : and whereas inconveniencies and difficulties have arifen in the execution of the faid att, by reafon that the miniflers, heads, principals, and majlers% ordained or admitted after the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand /even hundred andforty four, are allowed to withhold their declarations, touching their election of their annual rates, Jo late in the year as Candlemas; and the col-letter general cannot effettually levy and bring in the faid rates, and other fums, under bis management, between the terms appointed for the payment and diflribution thereof \ by the means of an ordinary attion againfi the deficients \ and the expence of fuch attion becomes • very heavy upon the deficient minifler, bead, principal, or majler: and whereas the number of benefices and offices in Scotland, fubjettei to the faid rates, have been found to be confiderably lefs, and the number of widows and children to be provided for confiderably greater than was fuppofed in the computation, upon which the proportion between the annual rates and the annuities and proviftons mentioned in the faid recited act was fixed$ and the annuities anaproviftons already become payable to the widows and children of miniflers, heads, principals, and majlers deceafed, and thofe which may become due for fever alfucceeding years, will, in all probability, very much exceed what they were computed at; and the faid deceafed miniflers, heads, principals, and majlers, have contributed very little to the fund efiablifbed by the faid att; and there is great reafon to apprehend, that the annualfurpluffes, in the early years of coUettion of the rates and fums a-forefaid, will not raife the intended capital, and that the faid fund, if roifed, will not be fufficient for anfwering the defign of the faid att; by reafon whereof, the widows and children of thofe miniflers, heads, principals, and maflers, who fhall have contributed moll to the raifing of thefaid fund, will be deprived of a great part of the annuities and proviftons due to them, unlefs fome deduttion fhall be made from the annuity granted to the widow, or the provifton made for the child or children of each minifler, headf principal, or majler, who fhall not have contributed to the fund a fum equal to three years amount of the annuity correfpondent to his annual rate, and unlefs a fum be (mowed annually for increafing the capital fund to a greater amount than is allowed by the faid recited att: ana whereas alfo it is equitable and juft, that the widows, as well as children of contributors to the faid capital fund, fhould have a Jhare of any benefit ivhicb may cafually arife from the furpluffls thereof, after fuch capital fhall be made up: therefore, ana for removing the doubts and difficulties aforefaid, touching the execution of the faid recited alt, and for preferving a juft and equal proportion, as much as is poffible, between the contributions made to the faid fund by any minifter, head, principal, or mailer, and the fums to be drawn out of the lame by his widow and children, and between the widows and children of fuch contributors; your Majefty’s moil dutiful and loyal fub-jefts, the truftees named and appointed in and by the faid recited aft for putting the fame in execution, as fpecially warrant-

Digitized by

*749*] Anno vicelimo fccundo Georgii II. c. 21.	289

ed and authorized to that effeCl by the general aflembly of the church of Scotland, holden in the month of May laft, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enaCfcd; and be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parlifment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the fifteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, every mini- Beneficed mi-fler who (hall be ordained and admitted to a benefice in the miters and church of Scotland, and every perfon who (hall be admitted as hcadaof^hc^ head, principal, or mafter, in any of the univerfities of Saint “hoofe .within Andrewj, Glafgow, and Edinburgh, (hall make his election to a certain time, which of the four yeairly rates mentioned in the faid recited aCl to which of he choofes to be nibjectfd, during his life, in manner therein thc yc*r,y _ directed, within the times refpeCtivelv after-mentioned; that is to fay, every minifter having a benence in the weftern or northern ides of Scotland, on or before the fifteenth day of January, that (hall firft happen after fuch minifter (hall have had right to his benefice for a year and half; and every other minifter afore-faid of the church of Scotland, on or before the fifteenth day of January, that (hall firft happen after fuch minifter (hall have , had right to his benefice for one half year; and every head, principal, or other mafter aforefaid, 'of any of the faid three univerfities, on or before the fifteenth day of January, that (hall firft happen after he hath held his office for four calendar months 5 and every refpeCtive minifter, head, principal, or mafter, neglecting to notify his election in the form and manner prescribed by the faid recited aCt, within the refpeCtive times herein before limited, (hall be deemed and held to have made his election of the annual rate of three pounds, eighteen (hilT lings, and nine pence, and (hall be liable to the faid rate accordingly, during his life.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That it The lords of fhall and may be lawful for the lords of council and feftion in Scot- feffion, upon land) or any oneof them, to iflue letters of homing, at the iriftance fpphcation, to of the general collector or receiver for the time being, of thc hornisfg^r ° annual rates or other fums impofed by the faid recited aCb, a- payment of gainft all and every the minifters of the church of Scotland, and the rates, heads, principals, and matters in the univerfities, fubjeCt or liable to the fame, for compelling payment of their annual, or o-ther rates or fums, principal or intereft, to the payment of which they or any of them are or may be liable by virtue of the Metho<j# 0f faid recited act; and that the faid letters of horning (hall be exe- executing the* cuted, and other proceedings (hall be had thereon, in the fame letters, form and manner as is now in ufe, and authorized by law, with refpeCt to homings at the inftance of the minifters of the faid church of Scotland, for compelling payment of their ftipends; and that no fufpeniion of any charge to be given in virtue of fuch letters of horning, (hall be pad without confignation of the fiim charged for, as is alfo in ufe, and authorized by law in Voi. XIX.	U	the

Truftees to ftop one half of every an^ nuity where the contributor, &c. (hall not have paid to the fund a fum equal to $ years a-ttiount of fuch annuity, &c.

Certain fums to be applied yearly tor railing a fund of 301. in the hands of every minifter, and the heads of the tinivertities3

Anno vicefima fecundo Georoii II. c. at, [1749,

the aforefaid cafej any law or cuftom to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the truftees for the time being, execqtiog the faid adt, and they are hereby, required to flop and dedudt the one half of every annuity which (hall become payable, for the firft time, at the term of IVlrit/'unday, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, or at any term of IVh'tt-funday thereafter, to the widow of every minifter of the church of Scotland* and of every head, principal, or matter, in any of the three univerfities above mentioned, fubjedi and liable to the annual rates aforefaid, who (hall not have paid, during the time of and by his being a contributor to the faid fund, a fum equal to three years amount of the annuity corrcfpondent to his an* nual rate, and the like at every fucceeding term of Whitfunday, during the life of fuch widow, until either Ihe (hall pay into the fund, or until fuch ftoppages and dedudtions fhali amount to a$ much, as together with the fums paid by her hufband (without computing any interett thereon) (hall make up or be equal to three years of her annuity 3 and that it (hall and may be lawful for the truftees aforefaid, and they are hereby required to flop and detain out of the fum or provifion which (hall become pay-fable, at the faid term of Whitfunday* one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, or at any term of Whitfunday therearter, tQ fhe child or children of every minifter, head, principal, or matter, fubjedt and liable to the annual rates aforefaid, who {hall not have paid a fum equal to the amount of three years annuity correfponding to his annual rate, fo much as, together with tne fums paid by him, or that may have been deducted from his widow (without computing interett thereon) (hall make up or be equal to three years of the faid correfponding annuity3 and the widows or children aforefaid (hall only be in-titlcd, in the refpedtive cafes and events aforefaid, to the remainder, after the faid refpedtive ftoppages or deductions of annuities or fums provided to them feverally by the faid recited adtj any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the truftees named in, or appointed by the faid recited adt, and adting for the time being in the execution thereof, (hall order and diredt, and take care, that the fums after mentioned (hall be applied, from year to year, out of the firft and readied of the whole produce, in virtue of the aforefaid recited adt, after defraying the annual expence of management (as fettled and limited by the faid recited adt, and this prefent aft) for and towards raifing and fecuring a flock or fund to the extent of thirty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to and in the hands of each minifter in the church of Scotiand* and each head, principal, or mafter, in the (aid univerfities of Saint Andrews, Glaf-goujy and Edinburgh, who (hall have become fubjedt to one or ptfier of the annual rates above mentioned 3 and a further (um

Digitized by Google

i749>] Anno vicefyno fearndo Georgii II. c. %i.	291

of fifty thoufand pounds like money, of capital, by their lend^ * capital ing, or caufing to be lent out of the after mentioned fums an- f^tmit as liuaily, in the manner preferibed in and by the faid a<ft; that is direacd by to fay, three thoufand pounds (hall be fo applied at the term of recited att, Wbitjunday, in each of the years, from one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, to one thoufand feven hundred and fifty two, both inclufive; two thoufand pounds at the term of Whit-funfajy in each of the years, from one thoufand feven hundred and fifty three, to one thoufand feven hundred and fifty fix, both inclufive; one thoufand pounds at the term of W))itfunday% in each of the years, from one thoufand feven hundred and fifty feven, to one thoufand feven hundred and iixty three, both in-inclufive; four hundred pounds at the term of IFhitfunday, in each of the years, from one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, to one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, both inclufive; and two hundred pounds at the term of Wbitfunday, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy one; and at the term of Wbitfunday in each year thereafter, until each minifter^head, principal, or mafter, iubjjed to one or other of the annual rates aforefaid, (hall have received thirty pounds in loan; and like-wife until the faid further fum or capital of fifty thoufand pounds (hall have been made up.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That if the annual produce Surplus of the aforefaid, in any one year, computed from Martinmas to Mar- annual pro-tinmas, (haU exceed the charges of management, and the fums

hereby ordered to be applied for railing the (lock, and the an-nuities due to the widows, and provifions due to the children, for that year, and the arrears of the annuities and provifions for former years herein after mentioned (if any fuch were) fuch ex-cefs or furplus (hall be applied to the purpofe aforefaid, of raif-ing the capital (lock or fund, by lending out the fame along with the dims herein before appointed to be lent out for fuch refpcc-tive year.

VI.	Provided always, and it is enabled by the authority aforf- n - .	.	0

faid, That although the annual furplus aforefaid, for any oncJJe

year, computed from Martinmas to Martinmas, after payment of for payment the charges of management, and of the fum hereby appointed to of the an-be applied for railing of the (lock or capital fund for that year, nui*jfs h (hall not be fufficient to pay the whole annuities to widows, and	C

provifions to children, payable for that year, in virtue of the * faid recited aft, and of this prefent a<ft, yet no incroachment (hall on that account be made upon the capital, fo far as then raifed; nor (hall the farther railing thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, be thereby fiopped or retarded, but fuch deficiency or (hort-coming (hall firft affe<5t the childrens provifions proportionably, and men the annuities of all the widows intitlcd proportionably, without regard to the order of time in which thofe provifions or annuities become due; and the fame (hall again be made good to them out of the furplus of the produce, computed as aforefaid, for the fucceeding year or years, in this order, viz. after payment of the e*p$nce of

V %	ma-

Digitized by L,ooQle

292	Aiiria	viccfimo fecunido GEokon II. c. 21.	[ 1 *4$.

management, and of the fum to be applied for railing the (lock as aforefaid, the widows annuities unpaid in the preceding year, (hall be paid and made good in the firft place; and then the widows annuities of the current year; and after the faid annuities, the childrens provifions of the former year or years, according to the order of time in which they become due to them, as aforefaid ; and Jaftly, the childrens provifions for the current year.

Capital fund VII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby ena&ed, That the ca-not to exceed .pital fund or flock to be fettled and fecured as aforefaid, (hall 5°d>°hl °Veri at no **me excecd	f°refeid fum of fifty thoufand pounds,

to belen^to ovcr ?n<* a^ove t^ie ^um thirty pounds lent to each minifter, each minifter, head, principal, or matter as aforefaid; and that after fuch ca-&c.	piral	(hall be raifed, the furplus of the annual income, under

.	.	the	management	of	the	truftees	aforefaid, arifing in any one

^efurphw!1 °f year> computed from Martinmas to Martinmas, after payment p of all the burdens of that year, including the arrears of former years aforefaid (if any be) (hall, at the Whilfunday when fuch furplus arifes, be distributed to, and divided amongft, all the widows then intitled to annuities, and all the children then in-titled to receive provifions; fo as that each widow, and each child, (hall receive a proportionable (hare of fuch furplus, cor-refpondent to the extent of the annual rates of their deceafed hu(bands or fathers.

.	VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

mu^ing°tbe That a'* anc* every ot^cr regulation, enaded by the faid recited management of the feventeenth year of his Majesty’s reign, touching the of the capital, fecuring and management of the capital flock therein mentioned, and for making up any accidental diminution of, or preventing any encroachment upon the fame, after it (hall be made up, in whole or in part, (hall fubfift, take place, and be in force, with regard to the capital flock hereby permitted to be raifed, when it (hall be fo raifed in whole or in part, in the fame manner as if every one of the faid regulations had been herein repeated and re-ena6ted.

IX.	And whereas the old church ijle <?/Edinburgh %pas found to be a place fo inconvenient for the meeting of the truflees, appointed to execute the faid recited aft of parliament, that foon after their entering on the execution thereof they were obliged to build, and did caufe to be built, a houfe within the city of Edinburgh, containing a hall for their meetings, and offices for their colleflor and clerk, and a charter room for the prefervation 'of their books and papers, a great part of the expence of which building remains yet unpaid: and whereas doubts have been raifed, whether the faid truftees can legally hold any of the four quarterly meetings appointed by the faid recited a8y in the faid hall; and whether the debt incurred by the faid buildings and the ‘expence of keeping it in repair, be fuch neuffare incidental expends, as fall within the intendment of one of the claujes herein before recited ; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fifteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred ?nd forty nine? the truftees named ajid appointed by the faid

rccite4

Digitized by

1749*] Anno vicefima fecundo Gforgii II. c.n. 293

recited aft of the feventeenth year of his Maiefty’s reign, and Truftee*to their fucceffors, (hall hold the four dated regular meetings year-ly, appointed to be held by the faid aft, upon th6 days therein in ^"hoiife mentioned, in the hall of the houfe aforefaid, built by the faid built by them j truftees within the city of Edinburgh; and that they may and (hall do and aft at fuch meetings, in the fame manner, as they might and ought to have done in the old church ifle of Edinburgh \ and that the remaining debt incurred by the faid truftees for ^tYncurred building the faid houfe, and the expence in keeping the fame in for building, repair, (hall be held and deemed to be, and make a part of the neceffary incidental expences of fhe faid truftees provided for by the faid recited aft, and (hajl.be paid by the general colleftor or receiver of the annual rates, and other fums raifed or to be raif-ed in virtue thereof, and (hall be allowed to him out of the annual receipts ; provided the fame, and all the other incidental jnc*1(jcntai ex. expences provided for by the faid aft, do not* in any one year, pence* not to exceed the fum of forty pounds of lawful money of Great Bri- exceed 40I. tain.	per annum.

X.	And whereas the miniflers, heads, principals, or majlersy who were in the faid churchy or any of the faid univerfities, at the com-ptencement of the faid in part recited a£ly will pur chafe the annuities to their widows, and provijions to their children, at lefs expence than future intrants% having held their benefices and offices for a confidera-hie time, without the burden of the prejent annual rates; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforeiaid, That every fuch minif-ter, and every fuch head, principal, or mafter, (hall, at the Minlfters^c. term of Candlemas, in each of the years of our Lord one thou- *ho ™ere m fand feven hundred and fifty, one thoufand feven hundred and atrtie * fifty one, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty two, one thou- commence-fand feven hundred and fifty three, one thoufand feven hundred ment of the and fifty four, and one thoufand feven hundred and fifty five, according to the computation in Scotland> pay to the general col- ^^6 years3°1# Jeftor, at his office in Edinburgh, legal intereft of the thirty Application of pounds lent, or that (hall be lent to him ; and the produce aril- intereft*. ing from the difference betwixt the legal intereft and the four pounds per centum, now payable on account of the loans of thirty pounds lent to the contributors, (hall be applied at the fight, and by direftion of the truftees for defraying the expence incurred in obtaining this prefent aft of parliament, and for paying whatever fums (hall, on the fifteenth of May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, be refting of the charge incurred, by building the houfe within the city of Edinburgh, containing a hall for the meetings of the truftees, offices for their colleftors and clerks, and a charter room for the prefervation of their books and papers; and the furplus thereof (hall go towards in-creafing the faid capital; and that the faid additional interefts {hall not be computed as apy part of the three years annuity,

Wiich every contributor is hereby obliged to make good to the fund, in the manner already direfted.

• XI. And whereas by the faid in part recited aft of the feventeenth year of bit Majeffs reigny it was further enabled, That if the uni-

U 3	verfity

Digitized by v^ooQle

294	Anno	vicefimo fecundoGeoRgH ll. c. 42;

verfity of Aberdeen, or any of the colleges therein, Jhonli apply ta the then next general ajfembly of the church of Scotland, declaring, that they defired to be comprehended in that aft* the heads,principals, and maflers* in the faid univerftty of Aberdeen, or in either of the colleges of the faid univerftty, Jhould be comprehended in that aff* and Jhould be fubjeft to the annual rates* and other burdens thereby impof* ed; and they, and their widows and children refpeftivdy* Jhould be intitled to the privileges and provifions therein contained, in Idle man* ner, in all refpefts, as with refpebi to the heads, principals, animafi* ters, in the univerfities of Saint Andrews, and Giafgow, was therein before enabled: and whereas applications were accordingly made by the King’s College of Aberdeen, and by the Marefhall College of Aberdeen, to the general ajfembly of the church of Scot-* land, which was held at Edinburgh, in the month tfWLzy* in the year of our Lord one thoufand [even hundred and forty fout, by which the faid colleges refpcflively declared, that they aejtred to be compre-bended in the faid aft\ be it therefore further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the heads, principals, and matters, in the fold univerfity of Aberdeen, or in the King's College and Ma~ rejhall College (A Aberdeen, (hail be comprehended in this prefent act, and be deemed to'have been comprehended in the faid in edTn thi* and P*1*1 rec*tc^ a<^> and be fabjedi to the annual rates and the recited adt, other burdens thereby, or by this adi impofed ; and their wi-Scc.	dows and children reipedtively (hall be intitled to the privileges

and provifions therein contained, fubjedt to the variations by this adt provided, in like manner, in all rdpedts, as, with re(-pedt to the heads, principals, and (natters in the univerfities of Saint Andrews and Glafgow, was by the faid m part recited adt, and is herein before enadted.

PuWickaft. XII. And it is hereby further enadted and declared, That this adl (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick adl; and aH judges, juftides, and other perfons, are to take notice thereof as fuch in all courts and places whatfoever, without fpeciafly pleading the fame.

The heads, &c, of the univerfity of Aberdeen,

CAP. XXII.

An

ail far the better afeer tabling, recovering, end collecting, certain duties commonly called petty cujloms, or	,

payable upon the importation and exportation of goods and merchandizes into, or out of, the harbour of the borough and town of Waymouth and Melcombe Regis in the county of Dorfec-, and alfo of ballajl and harbour-duties payable in	refpeil of flaps and	vejfels coming into, and go-

' ing out of, the faid harbour, and for the better repairing and keeping in repair the faid harbour and the wharfs, and other publick buildings and works within the faid borough and town.

HEREAS tbe mayor, aldermen, bailiffs, burgeffes, and commonalty of the borough and town	mouth, and Mel-

2	combe

W

Digitized by

1749-] Ahftd vicefimb fefcilndo GeoRGii II. C. 22.

combe Regis in the county of Dorfet, have for time out of mind, received and been intitled to receive certain duties called petty cujloms, or wharfageT upon the importation and exportation of all goods and merchandizes into and out of the harbour of Way mouth and McJ-combe Regis of orefaid, from the owner, importer, or exporter of fitch goods and merchandizes, and alfo certain other duties there called harbour-dues and bailajl-duty, from the majlers or commanders of Jhips and vejfels: and which faid fevered duef and duties have been amjtanllp under the management of the mayor, aldermen, bailiffs, ana capital or principal burgejfcs, of the faid borough and town, as truftees and managers: and have been applied for the repairing the find harbour, quays, and wharfs, and other publick buildings and works within the faid borough and town; and whereas, of late years, feveral perfons have refufed to pay the laid duties, and have been induced thereto by means of the great difficulties in fupportitig, by Jlrict legal evidence, preferiptive claims and rights to duties on each particular fpecies of goods, and the exaft and precife fums payable for the fame, and although the faid mayor, aldermen, bailiffs, burgejfcs, and commonalty, in order to fupport their right to the fame, have brought feveral actions, and obtained verdifis of damages, by which fitch their right in general hath been ejlablijhed; yet by means of the expences in carrying on fuch fusts, and the many continued evafions and refufals of payment, /he fund for the repairing the faid harbour, quays, and wharfs, and other publick buildings and works, hath been confidently Itjfemd, and the faid wharfs, quays, and other buildings and works, are now in a ruinous condition, and will be entirely dejlroyed, if not timely prevented; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, tffc. -

There (hail be paid to the mayor, &c. of Waymouth and Melcombe Re* git, for all goods imported and exported, and for all (hip* coming into the harbour,duties fpecifiedin the fchedules annexed. Collector, quay-matter, and treafurer, to be appointed ; with filaries not exceeding as. in the pound of the money received. The accounts to be audited every year. Accounts may be infpc&ed by the inhabitants, and copies taken. Matter of ftiip to deliver to the colkaor his wharfage bill, on penalty of 5!. Quay-malter to appoint Rations for the (hips. Mafters of veffcls not complying, to forfeit 40s. Damage done by veflels to the br dge, wharfs, or quays, to be afeertained upon oath of 3 perfons; on non-payment, the lum to be levied by diftrels and fale of the veflel. Perfons throwing bal* laft into the harbour, to be fined for a publick nuifance.

Petty cuftoms or wharfage-duties.

FO R every chaldron of coals, or goods, paying duty by the chaldron* ad. For every ton of tobacco pipe clay, hufhel iron and Rone, 3d. For every ton of fait, and other goods, paying duty or freight by the ton, 6d. For every load of fir timber, 3d^ load of walnut, mahogany,, and plank, is ; load of oak, or other timber, trenals, hoops, See. 4d ; hundred of fpars and ufers, 4d J hundred of wainfeot boards twelve feet in length, and one inch thick, andfo in proportion, is; hundred of double deals, pd ; hundred of fingle deals, 6d; hundred of pipe Raves, 2d ; bun • dred of hogfhead Raves, 3 halfpence ; hundred of barrel Raves, id ; bufhed of clover ked, r halfpenny ; quarter of malt, barley, and oats, id ; quarter of wheat, and other grains and feeds, 3 halfpence; load of flour lod j load of bran, 3d. Hog (head of beer, cyder, and vinegar, 3 halfpence; hogfhead of brandy, and other fpirituous liquors, 4d ; hogfhead of wins, oil, or other liquors, 3d : hogfhead of molalTes (containing one hundred gallons) and of fullers earth and whiting, 6d ; liogfhead of tobacco, 8d;

V +	b’Jtc

Digitized by

Anno vicefim© fecundo Georoii II. C. 43.	[*749.

butt of currants, andhogfhead of fugar, and other dry goods, is; tierc© of fugar, or dry goods, Sd ; barrel of pitch or tar, id j barrel of groceries or other goods, id. For every crate, hamper, and cheft of glais, and fine earthen ware, and for every load of coarfe earthen ware, 4d. For linnen or woollen, id. per hundred weight. For every hundred weight of rice, logwood, allum, (hot, cordage, hemp, and flax, 3 farthings.. For every hundred weight of raifins, prunes, and figs, id. For every hundred of fpices, and other goods, paying duty or freight by the hundred, id. For every cheft of oranges or lemons, id j one hundred feet of paving (lone, 4-d $ thoufand of tyles, bricks, or clinkers, and firkin (laves, 3d , thoufand of flatts, 3 Halfpence 5 grofs of bottles, 3d. For goods not enumerated, one twelfth of the freight, from London to We> mouth*

Harbour-dues and ballad-duties.

FOR every Britifh (hip, not belonging to inhabitants, which (hall load or unload in the harbour, is. For every fuch (hip which (hall fail into the harbour, and neither load nor unload thei e, is. 6d. For every (hip belonging to inhabitants, which (hall load or unload, is. and fo in proportion to parts of (hips belonging to inhabitants. For every foreign (hip, which (nail fail into the harbour, 3s. For every fuch (hip which (hall load or unload, id. per ton. For every ton of done taken out of one veflel into another in the harbour, three half-pence. For every ton of ballad taken out of one (hip into another in the harbour, lod. For every ton of ‘	ballalf	taken into any (hip from the quay, is. For every ton of ballaft put

out of any (hip on the quay, 4d. For every ton of ballad put Out of one (hip into another, ad- For every ton of ballaft taken on board any foreign (hip, is. For every ton of ballaft put out of fucb (hip, 8d.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft to charge the ftnking fund with the payment of annu• tties in difcbarge of navy, viftuallingy and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures, to the amount therein mentioned. Mod gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS notwithfianding the many and great fupplies granted to your Majefiy for carrying on the late war, the following debts and deficiencies (amongfl others) remain fiilldue and unprovided for (that is to fay) To dijcharge the bills payable in courfe of the navy and victualling offices, and for tranfports, which were made cut between the firjl day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feveny ana the thirty firjl day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eighty the fttm of three millions at the leaf; and to difeharge the debentures payable out of the office of ordnance, which were made out on or before the faid thirty firjl day of December one thoufandfeven hundred and forty eighty the fum of two hundred thirty thoufand three hundred eighty two pounds, Jwe /hillings, and one penny, amounting together in the whole to the fum of three millions, two hundred thirty thoufand three hundred eighty two pounds, five /hillings, and one penny ; many of which debts carry an inte-rejl after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum : now we, your Majedy’s mod dutiful and faithful fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, being defirous to do all that becomes dutiful and faithful fubje&s to render happy and glorious the reign of the bed of fovereigns, and having taken into our ferious confidcration th»faid debts and deficiencies, and the many ill confequenccs which may arifc to the publick

thereby

Digitized by

*749«] Anno viccfimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 23.	297

thereby (if not timely remedied) and being heartily zealous to prefcrve the honour of your Majefty and the nation, and to ef-tablifh publick credit, have refolvea (in order to make a provi-fion for the faid debts and deficiencies, amounting to the faid fum of three millions, two hundred thirty thoufand three hundred eighty twp pounds, five (hillings, and one penny) to give and grant unto your Majefty fuch fupply as is hereafter mentioned, for paying an intereft or annuity, after the rate of four pounds^r centum per annum, for the faid principal fum of three millions, two hundred thirty thoufand three hundred eighty two pounds, five (hillings, and one penny, in lieu of all other intc-ftft, until the fame (hall be redeemed and paid off, in manner hereafter mentioned: and that a good, fure, and lafting fund may be fettled and eftabliihed for paying the faid intereft or annuities, after the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, by half-yearly payments, we do give and grant to your Majefty, your heirs and (ucceflors, for the purpofes aforefaid, fo much monies out of the furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund, as (hall be fufficient tofatisfy and pay the faid annuities, in manner herein after mentioned ; and do mod humbly befeech your Majefty to accept thereof; anti that it may be enafted \ and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the annuities which by this adt (hall be granted and made paya- chawabfe otl ble, in refpedt of the faid principal fum of three millions, two th* principal hundred thirty thoufand three hundred eighty two pounds, five fum of (hillings, and one penny, until the redemption thereof by par-^VM*1** liament, in manner hereafter mentioned, (hall from and after *siJ^utofthe thefeaft of the annunciation of the blefled virgin Maryy one inking fund, thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the monies which, from and after the faid feaft day, (hall from time to time arife, and be remaining in the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, of or for the (aid furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund (after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch fum and fums of money as have been directed by any former a£t or a&s of parliament to be paid out of the lame) and the faid furpluftes, excefles, or overplus monies, are hereby appropriated for that purpofe accordingly.

II. And whereas it is the true intent and meaning of this aft* that all the billsy payable in courfe out of his Majesty's offices of the navy, or viftuallingy or for transports% which were dated or made out in tbofe offices on or before the faid thirty firfi day of December, one fhoufand feven hunared and forty eighty not exceeding the faid fum of three millionSy Jball be carried to the treafury of his Majesty's navy, to be marked and certified to the governor and company of the bank of England ; and alfo that all the debentures, payable out of his Majesty's office of ordnance, which were dated on or before the faid thirty firfi day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight,

not

Digitized by v^ooQle

298 Anno vicefitno fecundo GeoRGII II. C. 23.	[1749*

' not exceeding the [aid fum of two hundred thirty thoufand three kth dred eighty two pounds, five Jhillings, and one penny, /hall be carried to the treafurer of bis Majejly's office of ordnance, to be certified by him to the faid governor and company of the bank of England; mi that the proprietors of fuch bills and debentures pally in rrfptBef the principal films contained in every fuch bill or debenture., together with the intereft thereupon, computed to the twenty fifth day ofh/Lueh, One thoufand /even hundred and forty nine9 be intitled to an enrneitj after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commemt from the faid feaft of the annunciation of the bleffed FirgiwlAtru one thoufand /even hundred and forty niney payable half yearly, andie charged on the faid furphffeSy excefjesy or overplus monies, commodj called The finking fund, and transferable at the bank ^England, until redeemed by parliament; he it therefore enadtei by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to andfortbe treafurer of his Majesty’s navy for the time being, to take in and receive from all and every perfon and perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who are or (hall be pofTeded of, interefted in, or intitled unto any fuch navy, victualling, or tranfport bills, all fuch bills as any fuch perfon or perfons (hall, on or before the twentieth day of Aprils one thoufand (even hundred and forty nine, deliver to fuch treafurer, who is hereby authorized and required to mark and cancel every fuch bill, and certify the fame to the (aid governor and company of the bank of England; and that it (hall alfo be lawful for the treafurer of his Majelty’s office of ordnance in like manner to take in all debentures payable out of the faid office of ordnance, which (hall, on or before the faid twentieth day of Aprily one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, be delivered to him, who is hereby alfo authorized and required tocancdtbe fame, and certify every fuch debenture to the faid governor and company of the bank of England.

III. And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority aforefiud, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perlon or per-fons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who (hall bepoflefled of, interefted in, or intitled unto anv fuch navy, victualling, or tranfport. bills, payable in courle, or an? fuch debentures payable out of the faid office of ordnance, whim were dated or made out in the faid refpedfive offices, on or before the faid thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, to deliver fuch bill or bills, debenture or debentures, to the refpedtive treaforers of thofe offices, lobe marked, cancelled, and certified as aforefaid, at any time on or before the faid twentieth day of Aprily one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, at fuch place or places as have or (bill be appointed, and of which publick notice hath or (hall be gives in the London Gazette, and other publick papers for that purpofc Perfon deli- IV* And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Ttat vering fuch every perfon and perfons, who (hall deliver any fuch bill of bills, or de- debenture or debentures, to fuch refpe&ive treafurers as afore-bentures, faid, (haH, in refped of the principal fum dr Turns contained*

every

Treafurers of the navy and ordnance to take in all navy, victualling, and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures, before so April, >749*

and to cancel them, and certify the fame to the bank.

Navy bills, or ordnance debentures, made out before 31 Dec. 174.8, to be delivered to the treafurers within the time.

Digitized by v^ooQie

1749*] Aftno vicefimo feeundo Georoii II, c.29.	299

every fuch bill or bills, debenture or debentures, together with tQ ^ the imereft due thereupon to the laid twenty fifth day of March, to an annuity one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, be intituled to an of 4I. per annuity after the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, centum, to commence from the faid feaft day of the annunciation of the blefied Virgin Mary, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, and to be paid and payable to fuch perfon or perfons, or fuch as be, (he, or they (nail nominate his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucctfibrs, or affigns refpeftively, until the redemption thereof by parliament, m manner herein after directed in that behalf, which faid annuities {hall be paid and payable half yearly, at two of the moft ufual feafts or days of payment in the year (that ts to fay) the feafts of Saint Mithael the Archangel, and the annunciation of the bfeffed Virgin Mary, the firft payment thereof to be due and payable at the feaft of Saint Michael the Archangel, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufend feven hundred and forty nine.

V.	And be it forther enaftw by the authority aforefaid, Anmijtj€g ^ That all and every perfon and perfons, intitled to any annuity ^ payable t'ril or annuities as aforefaid, or fuch as he, (he, or they (hal! appoint redeemed by his, her, or their refpeftive executors, admmiftrators, fucceflbrs, parliament, or affigns, (hall have, receive, and enjoy, Rich refpeftive annuity

or annuities, out of the monies by this aft appropriated as aforefaid, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf j and that all and every fuch perfon or perfons, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and affigns refpeftivfty, (hall have good, fure, ab-folute, and indefeazible eftates and intertfts in the faid annuities, according to the tenor and true meaning of this aft; and and to be a that all fuch eftates and interefts of and in the faid annuities, and perfonal c-overy of them, fhallbe, and be adjudged, taken, and accept- ****• ed in cooftruftion of law, and m all courts of law and equity whatfoever, to be a perfonal and not a real eftate, and (hall go to the executors or adminiftrators of the perfon or perfons dying poflefied thereof, interefted therein, or intitled thereunto, and not to the heirs of fuch perfon or perfons; any law, ctfftom or tffage to the contrary notwithftanding; and that all the (aid annuities, and every of them, (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatsoever.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Treafurers t# That the faid refpeftivc treafurers (hall, and they are hereby au- give certi-thorized and required, upon any perfon or perfons delivering to cates for the them any fuch bill or bills, debenture or debentures, forthwith contained hT* to give a certificate (igned by them refpeftively, for the principal fob bills or fums contained in fuch bill or bills, debenture or debentures, to- debentures, gether with the intereft thereupon, computed to the faid twenty with bic h*-fifth day 6f March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, as certificates to aforefaid, to fuch perfon or perfons, or his or her affigns; and all be affignable,° fuch certificates (hall be affignable by endorfements thereupon and net * made at any time before the twenty ninth day of September, one chargeable thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, and no longer; and all *uh ttamP

fuch duty'

Digitized by t^ooQle

Intereft of the bills, &c. carrying intereft, to be computed to 25 March, 1749, and to be added to the principal.

Guardians may deliver up fuch bills or debentures as infants (hall be intitled to, &c.

Executors and truftees of ideots, &c. may deliver up fucn bills as they (hall be potteiled of, &c.

Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgii II. c. *3.	[ 1749.

fuch certificates and alignments thereupon (hall' not be charge-* able with any (lamp duties, any law or ftatutc to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the intereft of fuch of the faid bills and debentures, by this adt intended to be delivered up (as carry intereft) (hall be computed to the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, and (hall be added to the principal Cum contained in every fuch bill or debenture, and fo much as fuch principal and intereft computed as aforefaid (hall amount unto, (hall be the principal fum for which the pgrfon or perfons delivering the fame (hall be intitled to an annuity aftej the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum* until redemption thereof, in manner hereafter mentioned.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it fuither enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any infants (hall by the gift, devife, or deceafe of the parent or other relation of Rich infants, or other-wife become intitled to any of the faid bills or debentures intended to be provided for by this adl, in fuch cafe the guardian or guardians, truftee or truftees, of fuch infant or infants, (hall or may be, and they are hereby impowered, for the benefit of fuch infant or infants, to deliver up to fuch refpedtive treafurers, all fuch of the faid bills or debentures, to which fuch infant or infants (hall be fo intitled, and fuch infant and infants, guardian or guardians, truftee or truftees, delivering up fuch bills or debentures, (hall be intitled to an annuity or annuities, after the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, in refpeft of the principal Turns contained in fuch bill or bills, debenture or debentures fo to be delivered up, together with the intereft thereupon, computed to the faid twenty fifth day of March* one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, to be paid out of the monies by this a£t appropriated tor that purpofe j and the faid guardian or guardians, truftee or truftees, (hall be difehargei from the fame, any thing herein contained, or any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That any perfon or perfons who as executor to, or adminiftrator, truftee, committee of anideot, or lunatick^or perfons of unfound mind,'depofitary or mortgagee, (hall be or become pofleffed of, interefted in, or intitled unto any of the faid bills or debentures intended to be provided for by this adl, (hall and may deliver up fuch bills or debentures as they (hall be fo poC-fefled ot, interefted in, or intitled unto, to fuch refpe<5live treafurers as aforefaid; and as to executors or adminiftrators, the annuities after the faid rate of four pounds per centum peranhum* which they (hall be intitled to in refpedl of the principal fums contained in fuch bills or debentures fo by them delivered up, to- , gether with the intereft thereupon, computed to the faid twenty fifth day of March* one thoufand (even hundred and forty nine, as aforefaid, (hall be the fame aflets in their hands, as the faid bills or debentures were or would, have been, had they not been

fo

Digitized by

1749.] Anno viccfimo lecundo Georoii II. C.23.	301

fo delivered up for fuch annuity as aforefaid ; and as to truftees, committees, depofitaries and mortgagees, the annuity which they (hall be intitled unto, for or in refpeit of fuch truft, or mortgaged bills or debentures, which they (hall fo deliver up to fuch refpcltive treafurers as aforefaid, (hall be fubjell and liable to the fame trufts and equity of redemption, as fuch bills or de-bentutes were or would have been, had they not been fo delivered up for fuch annuity as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. The bank to That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor receive the and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, or ^lfiPtCf» fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint for that purpofe, f^the*" and he and they are hereby refpeltively authorized and requir- principal ed to take in and receive all and every the certificates, to be mms. made out In lieu of the faid bills and debentures, by the refpec-tive treafurers of his Majesty’s navy and ordnance as aforefaid, in purfuance of the directions of this a &; and upon the receipt pf every fuch certificate (hall, and they are hereby required	*

forthwith to give credit in a book or books to be prepared for that purpofe, for the principal fums contained in every fuch certificate fo brought to them as aforefaid ; and the perfon to whofe credit fuch principal fums (hall be entered in the faid book or books, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, (hall and may have power to affign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, bpdies politick or corporate whatfoever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpofe; and the principal fums fo affigned and transferred, (hall carry the faid annuity of four pounds per centum per annum, and (hall be taken and deemed to be (lock transferrable by this alt, according to the powers and authorities herein after mentioned, until redemption thereof as aforefaid; and the faid governor and company for the Bank to tranf-time being (hall alfo, on or before the twenty fourth day of June, mit a copy to one thousand feven hundred and fifty, tranfmit an attefted du- theexcheqneti plicate, fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books, firft herein after mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

Al, And for the more eafy and fure payment of the feveral annuities by this all made payable as aforefaid, amounting in the whole to the fum of three millions, two hundred thirty thou-fand three hundred eighty two pounds, five (hillings, and one penny, it is hereby further enalted by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, The bank to and their fuccenors, (hall from time to time, until the faid an- employ a ca-nuitics after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, (hall ft,cranclac-be redeemed according to this all, appoint and employ one or neraf-1*1* *** more fufficient perfons within their office in the city of London,	*

to be their chief or firft caftiier or caftiiers, and one other fufficient perfon within the fame office, to be their accomptant general ; and that fo much of the monies, from time to time, a-rifing into the (aid receipt of the exchequer, of or for the faid fur- Treafuiy to

6	plufles, °?der the m®*

* v > mes appropri}

Digitized by

302 Anno vicefimo fecundo GbORGII II. C. 23.	[1749*

plufles, excefles, or overplus monies, by this act appropriated for atnuitT	^is PurP°/e>as be fufficient from time to time, to anfwer the

be^idby0 annuities, and other payments directed to be made or dif-wajrof im- charged out of the fame, (hall, by order of the commiflioners preft*	of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or

the high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury of his Ma-jefty, his heirs or fqcceflbrs for the time being, withoift any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpeflive half yearly feaft days, or days of payment, in this ad before appointed for payment thereof, be iflued and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer, to the faid firft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and ,	company	of the bank of England, and their fucceflors for the

time being, by way of impreft, and upon account, for the payment of the faid annuities made payable by this ad as aforefaid, ?t fuch times, and in (uch manner and form, as are by this ad prcfcribed in that behalf; and that all and every fuch cafhier Cafhier to pay or calhiers, to whom the faid monies (hall, from time to time, the annuities, be iflued, (hall, from time to time, without delay, apply and pay acomnVtothe t*>e ^amc accordingly, and render his account thereof according exchequer. to the due courfe or the exchequer; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And it is hereby alfo enaded, That the faid accomptant Accomptant general for the time being (hall, from time to time, infped and t0 *xamme rec^Pts and payments of the faid cafhier or calhiers, ceipu and ” an<* vou^hers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any payments. frauds, negligence, or delay; and that all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who (hall be intitled to any of the faid annuities, after.the (aid rate of four pounds per centum per an-n*m% and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, (hall be pofiefled thereof as of a perfonal eflate, and the fame (hall not be defcendible to the heir, and (hall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the cutlom of London> or otherwife; any law, ftatute, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

Annuities to XIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, be a joint That all the monies intended to be converted into annuities by ftock*. virtue of this ad, (hall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one capital or joint (lock, on which the faid annuities, after the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, (hall be attending; and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money which he, (he, or they (hall be intitled to as aforefaid, (hall have, and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid (lock, and ip the annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid ; and that the (aid whole capital or joint dock, or any (hare or intereft transferred, therein, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, (hall be affignable and transferable as this aft direfls, and not other-wife ; and that there (hall conftantly be kept, at all feafonable times, in the office of the (aid accomptant general for the time being, within the city of London^ a book or books, wherein all -aflignments or transfers of the faid whole capital or joint fleck

ar

Digitized by Google

I749-] Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRgii II. C.23. f 303

or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid, (hall be entered and regiftered ; which jvicthod of entries (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and transferring, (hall be fiened by the parties making fuch aflignments or transfers $ or if fuch party be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witnefles; and that the perfon or perfons to whom fuch transfer (hall be made, do underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of aHigning or transferring the faid (lock, and the annuities attending the fame, or any

!>art thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good and availablein aw ; and that no damp duties whatfoever lhall be charged on the (aid transfers, or any of them ; any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by The bank to the authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company continue a of the bank of England^ and rheir fucceflors, (notwithftanding^^ the redemption of all or any their own funds, in purfuance of ties be re-the afts for eftablifhing the fame, or any of them) (hall conti- deemed, flue a corporation with all the powers, privileges, and advantages thereunto belonging, for the purpofes in this, aft ex^refled, till all the annuities to be purchafed under this aft (hall be redeemed by parliament, according to the provifp herein after contained in that behalf; and the faid governor and company, or any members thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this aft.

XV. And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. No fee ferre-That no fee or gratuity whatfoever (hall be demanded or taken ceiving the for receiving or talcing in the faid bills or debentures, or any of granting them, or fpr granting certificates in lieu thereof as aforefaid, or for ifluing the monies for paying the faid annuities, or any of fcr. y them ; and that no fee or gratuity (hall be demanded or taken for any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made in

f>urfuance of this aft, upon pain that any officer or perfon of-ending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this aftf (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party Pcna t^ grieved, to be recovered with full cofts of fuit, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJiminJler.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority Treafury to aforefaid, That the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three rewardperfons or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time oftSs^1011 being, (hall have power, and they are hereby authorized to re- &c.	*

ward all fuch perfons as (hall be any ways employed in the execution of this aft, for their fcrvice, pains, and labour; and alfo to defray fuch incident charges as (hall neceflarily attend the fame, out of the faid furplufles, excefles, or overplus moniesj and alfo to appoint fuch allowances (out of the faid furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies) for the feryice, pains, and labour

of

Digitized by t^ooQle

A

304	Anno	vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c.2j,	[1740*

of the cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities made payable by this a ft, and alfo for the fervice, pains, and trouble of the accomptant general of the faid governor and company, for performing the duty and truft incumbent on him by this aft, as they (hall think juft and reafon-Allowances able j all which allowances hereby impowered to be made as made to the aforefaid, in refpeft to the fervice, pain^ and labour of any of-officers of the fjcer or 0fficers Qf the faid governor ana company of the bank the d’ifpofal of	lhall he for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor

the company, and company, and at their difpofal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted by the autho-Smption" rit.y aforefaid. That at any time upon one year’s notice, to be

p ’ printed in the London Gazette, and aftixed upon the Royal Exchange of London, by authority of parliament, at any of the half yearly feaft days for payment of the fame annuities; and upon repayment by parliament of the principal fum of three millions, two hundred thirty thoufand three hundred eighty two pounds, five (hillings, and one penny (by payments not being lefs than five hundred thoufand pounds at a time) for which the faid annuities are payable to fuch refpeftive perfons or corporations as (hall be intitled to the fame annuities; and „	alfo upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame annuities,

then, and not till then, the faid refpeftive annuities, or a proportional part thereof, (hall ceafc and determine, and be un-derftood to be redeemed ; and from and after fuch redemption, the monies arifing from the faid furpluffes, exceffes, and overplus monies, by this aft granted as aforefaid, (hall not be ifiued or applied tp any ufe or purpofe, but as (hall be directed by any future aft or afts of parliament; any thing in this or any former aft or afts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding $ and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons, fig-nified by the fpeaker in writing, to be inferted in the London Ga-zette, and affixed at the Royal Exchange of London as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be fufficient notice within the words and meaning of this aft.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecutcd for any thing done by virtue or in pur-fuance of this aft, or of any the claufes therein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give

General iflue, a<c^ anc| tfoc fpec*,a| matter in evidence for his and their defence ; and if afterwards a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his or their aftion, or be nonfuited, or judgment (hall be given a-Treble cofts. gainft him or them upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts to him or them a-warded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP,

Digitized by v^.ooQle

17+9*3 Aflflo tdcefimo feeufido Georgii IL C. 24,25.	305

CAP. XXIV.

An a£t for remedying inconveniences pbicb may happen by proceedings in aftions oH the ftatutes of hue and cry.

FO R remedying indonvenlencies which may happen by proceedings in adtions on the ftatutes of Hue and Cry, be it cti- No petfon to adted by the Ring’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the r^?vcr in advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com- flatus ° mons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the autho- Hue and cry rity of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of more than June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, no perfon100** ( whatfoever (hall recover againft any inhabitant or inhabitants of any hundred, in any adtion on any of the ftatutes of Hue and Cryy more than the value of two hundred pounds, unlefs the unlefs at tbe perfon or perfons fo robbed (hall, at the time of. fuch robbery, time of the for which fuch action (hall be brought, be together in company, £e and be in number two at the leaft, to atteft the truth of his or fcnt to atteft their being fo robbed; any law, ftatute, or provifion to the the truth contrary in any wife notwithftanding.	thereof.

CAP. XXV.

An aS to explain and amend fo much of an aSl made in tbe ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An adt for eftablifhing a general poll office for all her Majefty’s dominions *, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the fervice of the war, and other her Majefty’s oceafions; as relates to borfes or furniture to be let to perfons riding poft.

\X7HEREA S by an afl made in the ninth year of the reign of9 Ann*,c.xt. V ▼ her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An adt for eftab-lilhing a general poft office for all her Majefty’s dominions; and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the fervice of the war, ana other her Majefty’s oceafions; it is (amongfl other things) enabled^ That no perfon or perfons Jhall prefume to keep, provide, and maintain horfes or furniture for the horftng of any perfon or perfons riding poft (that is to fay) riding feveral Jlages upon a poft road9 and changing horfes, or Jhall lett to hire, or furnifh any perfon or perfons whatfotver with horfes or furniture for riding pdft as aforefaidy on any ofthe roads or Jlages now or hereafter to be appointedy with or without a guide or hom9 for hire or rezuard9 or any agreement or promife of reward, whereby he or they may have any profit or advantage, on pain of forfeiting the fum of five pounds for ivory fever al offenctagainft the tenor of tbe faid aft: and whereas the faid reftriftion hath been confirued to extend to chaifes and calafbes If it out for hirey and which change horfes at certain Jlages upon the poft roaaSy in like manner as horfes lett out by the pofi office are change ea\ be it therefore enadted and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ipiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-Vol. XIX,	X	ment

Digitized by L,ooQLe

jo6 Anno viccfimo fecundo Georoh II. C. 26, ij. [17491

The aft not ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That 00-to prohibit the thing m the faid aft contained doth or (hall extend, or becon-chaif«,,]fc.	to extend, to reftyain or prohibit the letting out for hire,

upon the road, chaifes, or calafties, with horfet to draw the fame, or the far-nifhing horfes for drawing chaifes or calafties at any ftap or ftages upon any poft road to any perfon whatfoever; and that it mall and may be lawful for all perfons to lett out for hire, as well upon the poft roads as ehewhere, chaifes duly Kcenfed, with horfes to draw the fame, and to fumifti or exchange horfes for drawing any fuch chaifes or calafties$ any thing in the laid aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

Perfons letting II. Provided alfo, ana be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall be lawful for all perfons who lett out for^rfom ** chaifes or calafties with horfes for hire, to lett out horfes and attending, furniture for horfing any perfon or perfons accompanying or attending any perfon or perfons who (hall travel in chaifes or calafties, and to change fuch horfes and furniture in manner as is before-mentioned.

This aft not III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enafted, to defeat any That nothing herein contained (hall be cortftrued to extend to Src!Tchtoch annu*> or defeat any judgment or verdift obtained by vir-* tue of the faid abovc-recited aft of the ninth year of her late majefty Queen Anne, on or before the twenty fifth day of Mmhy one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, or the proceedings thereon; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXVL

An aft for repairing and widening the feveral roads leading into the tows of Rofs in the connty of Hexeford*

Certain tolls granted for »i years,

CAP. XXVII.

An off	for the more effectua preventing of frauds and

committed by perfons employed in the manufaBureof bets, and in the	woollen, li ,

furr, hemp, flax, mohair, andfelk manufactures; fir preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers mi journeymen hot prejfers, and of all perfons employed in the faid feveral manufactures •,	for the better payment if

of their wages.

ijCJeox.c. t. \KT HERE AS by an aSt mail in the thirteenth year of his per-i Anns. flat. 1. VV fent Majefty'sreign, intituled. An ad to explain and a-*■ »*•	mend	an ad made in the firft year of the reign of her late oa-

jefty Queen Anne, intituled, An for the mere	-

ing the abufes and frauds of perfons employed in the working rathe woollen, linnen, fu/lian,	cot, and iron manufactures of this

dm, and for extending the faid ad to the manufactures of leather, it is amongjl other things enacted. That if any perfon tr ptrfmi hired ir employed in the working up ef any woollen, linnen, fuflim, at-

ten,

Digitized by L^ooQle

f749l Anno Viceffmo fecundo GpoRGii II. c. 27.

forty or iron manufadures, Jball purloin, imbezil, fecrete, fell, pawn* exchange, *r otberwife illegally difpofe of any the materials with which he, Jbcy or they Jhall be refpedively entrufled to work up filch woollen, linnaty fuftian, cotton, or iron manufactures, whether the fame be or be not jirjl made up or manufadurea, dr Jhall reel falfeor Jhort yarn, /A/ perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convicted in manner prefcribed by the faid ad of the firfl year of her faid late Ma-j'Jb's reign, Jhall forfeit double the value of the damages which the owner or owneh of Juch materials Jball refpedively fujlain thereby * together with full cojls of projection for every fuch offence: and in cafe immediate payment of toe refpedive forfeitures, together with Juch cojls of profecution as aforefaid, Jhall be neglected or refufed to be made, that then it Jball and may be lawful to and for the fame juftice of the peace, before whom fuch conviction Jhall be made, to caufe the offender or offenders to be committed to the houfe of correction, to be there whipped and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fourteen days: and in cafe of a further conviction for a Jecond or other fubjeguent offence for imbezilling or purloining any of the materials in the faidaCt of the firfl year of her faid late MajeJlfs reign mentioned, that the perfon or perfons fo offending Jhall, for every fecond or other ftibfequent offence, forfeit four times the value of the damages which the owner or owners of fuch materials (whether the fame be or be not made up or manufactured) Jhall fujlain thereby, together with fuch cojls of profecution, as Jhall be adjudged reafonable by the jujlice before whom Juch offender or offenders Jhall be refpedively con-viCted: and in cafe immediate payment of the refpedive forfeitures, together with fuch cojls of profecution as aforefaid, Jball be negleChi or refufed to be made, that then fuch jujlice, or any other jujlice of the peace for the county, riding, divificn, city, town, or place, where fuch offences Jhall be committed, Jhall caufe the faid offenders to be committed to the houfe of corredion, to be there kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month, as to fiub jujlice Jhall feem reafonable, and alfo during the time of fuch commitment Jhall caufe the faid offender or offenders to be publicity whipped in the market town where fuch offender or offenders Jhall be refpedively committed, at the market place or crofs of fuch town, once or oftener, as to fuch jujlice Jhall feem reafonable: and it is by the faid ad of the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefiys reign alfo further enaded. That every perfon or perfons who Jball buy or receive, accept, or take, by way of gift, pawn, pledge, or fale of or from any of the perfons in the faid ad of the firfl year of her faid late Majefiys reign mentioned, any woollen, linnen, fuftian, cotton, or iron manu-fadures, either before or after the fame jhall be manufadured or converted into merchantable wares, knowing the fame to be Jo purloined or imbezilled, and being thereof lawfully convided, Jball fever ally fuff fer the like forfeitures and penalties as are by the faid ads rtfpedive-fy inflided on perfons purloining or imbezilling fuch of the materials or lhanufadures enumerated in the faid ads refpedively; all which forfeitures, when recovered, are by the faid ad of the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefiys reign direded to be applied in manner following \ that is to Jay, one moiety thereof to the ufe of the party or

X 2	parties

Digitized by v^ooQle

3 o

Artno viccfimo fecundo Georgn II. c. 27.	[ 1749

parties injured, and the other moiety to the ufe of the poor of the pa-rijh only where the offence Jball be committed, u//7A the hie liberty and benefit of appealing to all parties, as is given in and by the faid alt of the firft year of her laid late Majejly: and it isby the faid alt of the thirteenth year of his prefent Majejly s reign alfo further enabled, That if any peTjon or perfons hired or employed in cutting, paring, wajhing, drifting, fewing, making up, or otberwife manufacturing of gloves, breeches, leather, Jkins, boots, Jboes, flippers, wares, or other goods or merchandizes, to be made ufe of in any of the trades or employments, or in manner loft-mentioned, or in any branch or particular thereof, Jball fraudulently purloin, imbezil, fecrete, fell, pawn, or exchange all or any part of the gloves, breeches, leather, Jkins, parings or Jbreads of gloves or leather, or other materials with which he, Jhe, or they Jball be entrufted to work up or manufacture, or Jball purloin, imbezil, fecrete,* fell, pawn, or exchange any gloves, breeches, boots, Jhoes, flippers, or wares, when made, wrought up, or manufactured, or do or wilfully permit any other aCt, to leffen the value of fuch, or any part of fuch gloves, breeches, leather, Jkins, parings or Jhreads of gloves or leather, boots, Jhoes, flippers, or other wares lafl particularized, either before or after the fame Jball be rew fpeCtively fo made into wares, and be thereof lawfully convicted in manner preferibed by the faid lajl-mentioned aCt, before one or more -juflice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, dtvifion, city, town, or place where fuch offence Jhall be committed, or where the party or parties fo charged Jhall refide or inhabit, fuch juflice or juftices Jhall and may award the perfon or perfons fo offending, to make a reafonable and fuitable recompence and Jatisfaction for every offence to the parties refpettively injured, for the damage by them fuflained, fo as the fame do not exceed double the value of the gloves, breeches, leather, hoots% Jhoes, flippers, wares, goods, or materials, by fuch offender or offenders Jo purloined, or imbezilled, fecreted, fold, pawned, or exchanged; one half thereof to go to the party or parties grieved, and the other half to the up of the poor of the parijh or place where fuch offence Jhall be committed; together with the full charges attending fuch conviction 5 to be levied by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals of fuch juflice or juftices by diftrefs and fade of the offenders goods; put if fuch offender or offenders Jhall not have goods fufficient to anfwer the forfeitures and the. expenses attending the premiffes, and fall alfo negieCi or refufe immediately to pay the fame, that then the faid offender or offenders, Jball, by like warrant of fuch juflice or juftices lafl deferibed, be for every diftinCl offence committed to the houfe of correction, or other pubHck prifon of fuch county, ridings city, town, or place, and there kept to bard labour for the fpace of fourteen days, and Jhall be there likewife whipped in fuch manner, as the faid juflice or juftices Jhall order and it -' red; and in cafe alfo of a fub/equent conviction for a fecond or any other fuch like offence, that the perfon or perfons fo offending, for every fecond or other nibfequent offence, Jhall forfeit four times the value ofthe damages which the owner or owners of fuch materials, either before or after the fame Jhall be refpedively made up into wares, Jhall fvftain thereby* together with fuch cojls or profecution, as Jball be adjudged

reafonable

Digitized by

Google

*7490 Anno viccfimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 27,

reafonable by the juftice, before whom fuch offender or offenders /ball be refpeCtively convicted 5 and in cafe immediate payment of thtre-fpeCtive forfeitures, together with fuch cojls of profecution as afore-Jatdj /ball be negle&ed or refufed to be made, that then it /ball and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice to commit the offender or offenders lajt defcribed to the houfe of corrections or other publick pri-fen, to be there kept to hard labours for any time not exceeding three monthss nor lefs than one months as to fuch juftice /hall feem reafon -able; and alfes during the time of fuch commitments /hall caufe the /aid offender or offenders to be publicity whipped in the market town where fuch offender or offenders /hall be reffectively commit teds tit the market place or crofs of fuch towns once or oftenery as to fuch juftice /hallfeem reafonable: and it is by the faid aCt of the thirteenth year of his prefent Majeflys reign alfo further enaCteds That every perfon and perfons who /ball knowingly or willingly buy or receives accept to takes by way of pawns pledge, fishy or in any other manners of or from any of the perfons offending in either of the particulars lafl-mentioneds or of or from any other perfon or perfons whatfoever (except of or from the perfon or pefons in whom the property of fuch gloveSs breechess leathers bootsy /boeSs fltpperSy wares, goods, or other materials /ball be at the time of fiuchjahs pawn* or exchange) or offer fo to dos fitch perfon or perfons offending therein refpeCtively s/hally for every offences being convicted thereof in manner before prefcribed by the faid laft-mentioned ady make Juch fuitable and reafonable re-compence ana fatisfactions within two days next after the matter of faCt /ball be determined by any one or more juftice or juftices as afore-faids upon hearing the fames or elfe be fubjeCi to fuch diftrefs\ and for want of fiufficient dtftrefss to be liable to the liie punijbment as is by the faid aCt directed to be inflicted on fiucb perfon or perfons as/ball purloins imbezils fecrete, felly pawns or exchange any gloves y breecbeSs leathery boots, Jboesy flippersy wares, goods, or other materials or effects of that fort as aforefaid, and fo in like manner for any feconi and every other fubfequent offences and whereas the penalties and forfeitures to which offenders againft the faid aCts are JubjeCtedy have not been fufficient to deter perfons from committing the offences thereby intended to be prevented: and whereas many perfons employed in the making of felts or hats, and in preparing or working up the manufactures of furry hemps fl&Xy mohair,. and filky and alfo the manufactures made of woolly furry hemps flax, mohairs cottons or flits *r feme of them mixed one with another, have of late been guilty of divers frauds and abufeSs by purloinings imbezillings fecretings fellings pawnings exchanging, or otherwife unlawfully difpoflng of the materials with which they have been entrufled \ and it is therefore becfim? neceffary to make proviflon for preventing fuch offences for the future: therefore for amending and rendering more effectual the faid ad made in the thirteenth year of his prtfent Majefty’s reign, and for extending the provifions and regulations therein and herein made, to the feveral manufactures herein before mentioned, be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or



Digitized by

3io	£nno	vicefimo	iecundo	GeoRGII	II. C. 27.	[1749.

Perfons em- pcrfons whatfoever, who (hall be hired or employed to make any ployed in the or hat, or to prepare or work up any woollen, linen, fuftian, defcribed|be> ?oUoni iron? leather, furr, hemp, flax, mohair, or (ilk manu-i^n convi’aed failures, or any manufactures made up of wool, furr, hemp, oRmbeziUing, flax, cotton, mohair, or (ilk, or of any of the faid materials &c. any of the j

materials,

or of reeling fmlfe or fliort

mixed one with another, (hall, from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one tftoufand feven hundred and forty nine, purloin, imbezil, fecrete, fell, pawn, exchange, or otherwise un? lawfully difpofe of any of the materials, with which he, (he, or they (hall be refpeCtively entrufled, whether the fame, or any part thereof, be or bp not firft wrought, made up, manufactured, or converted into merchantable wares, or (nail reel falfe or (hort yarn, and (hall be thereof lawfully convidted, by the oath or (if the owner thereof be of the people called fakirs) folemn affirmation of the owner of fuch goods or matemls, or by the oath or affirmatjop of any other credible witnefs or witnefles, of by the confeffion of the perfon or perfons charged with fuch offence, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch offence (hall be commited, or where the perfon or perfbna fo charged (hallreflde or inhabit (which oath or affirmation the (kid juftice or juftices is and are hereby imppwered and required to adminifter) it (hall and may tfe lawful to and for the faid juftice or juftices, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, to be commit- or hands and feals, to commit the perfon or perfons fo convicted to the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon of fuch coun* ty, riding, diviflon, city, liberty, town, or place, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of fourteen days, and alfo to order the perfon or perfons fo convicted, to be once publickly whipped at the market place, or fome other publick place of the city, town, or place, where fuch offender or offenders (hall be felpeCtively committed; and in cafe of a further conviction, in manner before prescribed by this aCt, for or upon a fecond or Penalty of a other fubfequent offence of the fame kind, it (hall and may be fubfrquent of- lawful to and for the juftice or juftices, before whom fuch con-

ted.

and publickly whipped.

face,

Perfons convicted of buy , ingor receiving materials fr >m workmen,

viCtion (hall be had, to commit the perfon or perfons fo again offending, to the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon as aforelaid, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month, and alfo to order the perfon or perfons fo again offending, to be publickly whipped at the market place, or fome other publick place of the city, town, or place where fuch offender or offenders (hall be yeipcCtively committed, twice or oftner, as to fuch juftice or

{‘uftices (hall appear reafonable; any thing in the faid aCt of the irft year of her faid late Majefty’s reign, or in the faid in part recited aCt of the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, fo the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall buy, receive, accept, or take, by way of gift, pawn, pledge, fale, or exchange, or in any other manner whatfoever, of or from any perfon or perfons, hired or employed

Digitized by Google

1749*1 Apno vicefimo fccundo Georgii II. c.27;	.	311

ployed to make any felt or bat, or to prepare or work up the woollen, linnen, fuftian, cotton, iron, leather, furr, hemp, flax, mohair, or filk manufactures, or any manufactures made up of wooll, furr, hemp, flax, cotton, mohair, or filk, or of any of the faid materials mixed one with another, any thrums or ends of yarn, or any other materials of wooll, furr, hemp, flax, cotton, or iron, or any leather, mohair, or fllk, whether the fame, or any part thereof, be or be not firft wrought, made up, or manufactured, knowing the perfon or perfons of whom he, (he, or they, fo buy, receive, accept, or take the faid materials, to be fo nired or employed as aforefaid, and not having firft obtained the confent of the perfon or perfons fo hiring or employing him, her, or them, who (hall offer to fell, pawn, pledge, exchange, or otherwife difpofe of the (aid materials, or (hall buy, receive, accept, or take, in any manner whatfoever, of or from any other perfon or perfons whomfoever any of the faid materials, whether the fame be or be not firft wrought, made up, or manufactured, knowing the fame to be fo purloined or imbezilled, then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons fo buying, receiving, accepting, or taking any fuch materials, being thereof lawfully convicted, in manner before preferibed by this aCt, for the conviction of perfons purloining or imbe-zilling the faid materials, (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit thejjjj fum of twenty pounds; and in cafe the faid forfeiture (hall not f“ncc aoj4 ^ be immediately paid, the juftice or juftices before whom fuch on nonpay-conviction (hau be had, (hall commit the party or parties fo con- ment to bt viCted to the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon as a- committed, forefaid, there to be kept to hard labour, for the fpace of fourteen days, unlefs the (aid forfeiture (hall be fooner paid; and if within two days before the expiration of the faid fourteen days, the faid forfeiture (hall not be paid, the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required, to order the perfon or perfons fo convicted, to be publicity whipped at the	whipped j

market place, or fome other publick place of the city, town, or place where fuch offender or offenders (hall be refpeCtively committed, once or oftener, as to fuch juftice or iuftices (hall appear reafonable; and in cafe of a further conviction, for or upon 1 in cafe of a fecond or any 'other fubfequent offence of the fame kind, the perfon or perions fo again offending, being thereof convicted * in manner before preferibed by this aCt, (hall, for every fecond or other fubfequent offence, forfeit the fum of forty pounds; and to forfeit 40 U in cafe the faid forfeiture (hall not be immediately paid, the iuf-*** tice or juftices, before whom fuch conviction (hall be had, mall commit the party or parties fo convicted to the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon as aforefaid, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month, unlefe the faid forfeiture (hall be fooner paid$ and if within feven days before the expiration of the time for which fuch offender or offenders (hall be fo committed, the faid forfeiture (hall not be paid, the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered pad required to order fijeh offender or often-



fenders

$it	Anno	vicefimo	fecundo	Georgii	II. c. ay. [1749^

ders to be publickly whipped at the market place, or fome other publick place of the city, town, or place, where he, (he, or they ihall be r?fpeCtively committed, twice or oftener, as to fuch juftice or juftices (hall appear reafonable $ and the faid refpeCtive forfeitures of twenty poynds and forty pounds, when recovered, after fatisfaCtion (hall have been made thereout to 'the party or parties injured, together with fuch cofts of profecution as (nail be judged reafonable by the juftice or juftices before whom fuch fonyi£tion (hall have been had, (hall be equally diftributed a-mongft the poor of the pari(h or place where the perfon or per-* fons fp convicted (hall refide or inhabit; any thing in the faid two firft-mentioned aCts, or either of them, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

Appeal given IU. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled. That if any \S^Sof9buyI perfon convi&ed as atorefaid, of buying, receiving, or taking to ing materials, pawn, any of the materials herein before-mentioned, (hall think himfelf or hcrfelf aggrieved by the judgement of the juftice or juftices, before whom he, (he, or they mall have been convicted, fuch perfon (hall have liberty to appeal to the juftices, at the next general or quarter feffions of the peace, which lhall be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place where fuch judgement (hall have been given; and that the The appellant execution of the (aid judgement (hall in fuch cafe be fufpended, giving fecuri- jhe perfon fo convicted entering into a recognizance at the time &c* of (uch conviction, with two lufficient fureties, in double the fum which fuch perfon (hall have been adjudged to forfeit, upon condition to profecute fuch appeal with effeft, and to be forth '£oming to abide the judgement and determination of the juftices in the faid general or quarter feffions; which recognizance the jaid juftice or juftices, before tyhom fuch conviction (hall be had, is and are hereby impowerW and required to take; and the juftices, in the faid general or quarter feffions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the matter of the faid appeal, and to award fuch cofts as to them (hall appear juft and reafonable to be paid by either party; and if upon the hearing of the faid appeal, the judgement of the juftice or juftices, before whom the appellant (hall have been convicted, lhall be affirmed, fuch appellant (hall immediately pay the fum which he or (he (hall have been adjudged to forfeit, together, vyith fuch cofts as the juftices, in the faid general or quarter feffions (hall award, to be paid, by him or them for defraying the expences fuftained by the defendant or defendants in fuch appeal; or in default of making fuch payments, (hall fuffer the refpeCtive pains and penalties by this aCt inflicted upon perfons who (hall negleCt to pay, or (hall not pay the refpedtive forfeitures by this aCt impofed upon fuch as"(hall be convicted of buying, receiving, or taking to pawn any of the materials herein before-mentioned, which mall have been purloined or imbe-^illed.

Juftices im-	IV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That

powered t9	any perfon 0r perfons (hall be charged with, and afterwards

conviCtedf

Digitized by v^ooQle

17490 Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c.	313

convicted of purloining or imbezilling any of the aforefaid ma-grant a war-terials, or of buying or receiving the lame in manner before de- ft?**1 fcribed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftice or juf- ^ 0f per^ tices of the peace, before whom fuch convi&ion (Hall be had, to fons convicted iflue a warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and of purloining, feals, directed to any perfon or perfon6, impowering him or*0* them, in the prefence of a equitable or headborough, and in the day time, to enter into and fearch the houfes, out-houfes, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other places belonging to the perfon or per-(bns fo convicted as aforefaid; and if upon any fuch fearch or fearches, there (hall be found any thrums or ends of yarn, or any other materials of wool], furr, hemp, flax, cotton, iron, leather, mohair, or (ilk, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons impowered to make ftich fearch or fearches as aforefaid, to bring fuch materials before the faid juftice or juftices, to be by him or them detained and kept in (afe cufto-dy; and if within the fpace of twenty four days next after fuch thrums, or ends of yam, or other materials (hall be fo taken and detained, it (hall be made appear to the fatisfaCtion of the iaid juftice or juftices, that the perfon or perfons from whole houfes, out-houfes, (hops, cellars, vaults, or other places as aforefaid, the faid materials (hall be fo taken and detained, is or are the lawful owner or owners thereof, and came to the pot feflion of the fame in an honeft and lawful manner, then all fifth thrums or ends of yam, or other materials, fo taken and kept as aforefaid, (hall be reftored to the perfon or perfons out of vrhofe cuftody or pofleflion the fame (haO have been fo taken ; but in cafe it (hall not be made appear within the time before limited, to the fatisfaCtion of the faid juftice or juftices, that the perfon or perfons convicted as aforefaid, is or are the lawful owner or owners of the faid materials fo taken and detained as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid materials (hall be deemed and adjudged to be purloined and imbezilled ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftice or juftices to direct all fuch thrums or ends of yarn, or other materials, to be publickly fold, and the money arifing by fuch fale (the charges of (uch fale being firft deducted) to be equally diftributed amongft the poor of the pari(h or place where the perfon or perfons fo convicted (hall refide or inhabit.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted, That the faid Juftice to give juftice or juftices (hall, within three days after fuch materials notice to the (hall be brought to him or them as aforefaid, give notice there- ^at^iais ^ of in writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and brought to feals, to the perfon or perfons convicted as aforefaid, appoint- him, m order ing in fuch notice a time and place for his, her, or their at-to Prove tending, in order to make out and prove his, her, or their pro- ProPclty>*0‘ perty in fuch materials fo taken and detained as aforefaid'; which time fo to be appointed, (hall be within twenty one days, and not lefs than eighteen days after fuch notice given; and if the perfon or perfons fo convicted, (hall be detained in any houfe	^

pf correction, or other prifon as aforefaid, the faid juftice or ju-

Digitized by t^ooQle

3*4

Perfom tg-jriered way appeal.

Notice of ap. peal to be given.

Penalty on workmen not

leiurnuig the remains of the materials, within at days.

Anno vicefimo fecundo Gborgii II. C. <7.	(1749.

ftkes (hall alfo caufe a copy of the laid notice, attefted under his or their band and leal, or hands and feals, to be delivered to the mailer or keeper of fuch houfe of correction, or other pri-fon; which matter or keeper is hereby required to bring, or caufe to be brought, before fuch juftke or juttices, the* perfon or perfons named in fuch notice, at the time and place therein fpecified, if the perfon or perfons named in fuch notice be then in the cuttody of fuch matter or keeper ; and if any fuch matter or keeper lhall negleCt or refufe fo to do, fuch matter or keeper (hall, for every fuch neglect or refufal, forfeit to the peribn or perfons refpe&ively named in fuch notice, the full value of the gaaterials fo taken, detained, and fold ; to be recovered by di-ftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch matter or keeper, by warrant under the hand and Teal, or hands and feals of thejuftice or juttices figning fuch notice, in cafe the hud forfeiture (hall not be immediately paid.

VI.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further ena&ed, That if any perfon lhall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by the judgment or order of the faid juftice or juttices, relating to the Due or difpofal of the (aid materials fo found and detained as afoe-faid, fuch perfon lhall have liberty to appeal againft the judgment or order of the faid juftice orjuftices, to the juttices of the peace in the general or quarter feffion of the peace which lhall be held for the lame county, riding, divitton, city, liberty, or town corporate, next after fuch judgment or order (hall be given or made'; and that in the mean time the Dale and difpobl of fuch material s lhall be poftponed; notice in writing under the hand of the perfon intending to appeal, fignifying fuch his or her intention, being given to the juftice or juttices by whom fuch order lhall have been made, before the time appointed for the (ale and difpofal of fuch materials; and the juttices of the peace in the laid general or quarter feffions of the peace, are hereby authorized and impowered to fummon and examine wifnefles upon oath (or being of the people called Quaitrs, up-pn their folemn affirmation) and yo hear and finally determine the matter of the laid appeal; and in cafe the faid appellant (hall not profecute fuch bis or her appeal, or for any other caufe the judgment pf the faid juftice or juttices by whom fuch order (hall have been made (hall be affirmed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juttices in the faid general or quarter feffions of the peace, to award fuch cofts as they, in their diferetion, fhail think reafonable to be paid by the appellant for defraying the expences fuftained by the defendant or defendants in fuch appeal.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afordaid, That if any perfon or perfons entrufted with any of the materials hefein-before mentioned, in order to prepare, worl$ up, or manufacture the fame, (hall not ufe all fuch materials in die preparing, working up, or manufacturing of the fame, and lhall negleCt or delay, % the fpace of twenty pn$ days after

1	fuch

Digitized by

Google

*749*1 Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. C. 27.	315

fuch materials (hall be prepared, worked up, or manufactured, to return (if required by the owner or owners of fuch materials fo to do) 10 much of the laid materials as (hall not be ufed as aforefaid, to the perfon or perfons entrufting him, her, or them therewith, fuch neglcCt or delay (hall be deemed and adjudged to be an imbezilling or purloining of fuch materials; and the perfon or perfons fo neglecting or delaying, being thereof convicted, in manner before prefcribed for the conviction of of* fenders againft this aCt, (hall fuffer the like puniftunent, as perfons convicted of imbezilling or purloining any of the materials herein before-mentioned, are by this aCt rendered fubjeCt and liable to.

VIII,	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, juftice toiflue That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one juftice of the bis warrant peace of any county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or uP?n cow-place, and he is hereby required, upon complaint to him made^ncea-^ Upon oath, or (if the perfon complaining be of the people called gainft this Quakers) folemn affirmation of any offence committed againft

this aCt within the fame county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, to iffue his warrant for apprehending and bringing before him, or before any other juftice or juftices of the peace of the fame county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, the perfon or perfons charged with fuch offence ; and the juftice of juftices, before whom fuch perfon or perfons (hall be brought, is and are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the matter of every fuch complaint, and to proceed to conviction and judgement thereupon.

IX.	And, for the better regulating of the journeymen, and journeymen other perfons employed as manufacturers or workers in the ma- not comple*-nufaCfore of felts or hats, and in the woollen, linnen, fuftian,

cotton, iron, mohair, furr, hemp, flax, or (ilk manufactures, or WOTk* any manufactures made up of wooll, furr, hemp, flax, linnen, cotton, mohair, or filk, or any of the faid materials mixed one with another, be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon who, at any time aftfr the faid twenty fourth day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, (hall be hired, retained, or employed to prepare or work up any of the manufactures herein before-mentioned for any one mafter, (hall negleCt or refofe the performance thereof, by procuring or permitting himfelf or hcrfelf to be fubfequently retained or employed by any other mafter or perfon whatfoever, before he or me (hall have completed the work which he or (he was firft and o-riginally fo hired, retained, or employed to perform, and which was firft delivered to him or her, then, and in eveiy fuch cafe, the perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convicted by the oath, or (being of the people called Quakers) affirmation of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place, whefe the offence or offences (hall be committed, (hall be fent to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month. JJii comD<^~

^	X.Pro*—#

2

Digitized by

Google

3i6

Limitation of the powers of this ad.

13 & 14 Car. a. c. 15.

*0 Car. a. c. 6. S&9W.3.C.36.

1

None to be

puniflied; twice for the feme offence.

aaGeo.i.c. 34.

Annovicelimo fccundo Georgii II. C. 27.	[1749;

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and declared. That this ad, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend to repeal any of the provisions mentioned and contained in an ad made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for regulating the trade offuk-throwing \ or in an ad made in -the twentieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft to regulate the trade of Juk-tbrowing; or in an ad made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King IViU Ham the Third, intituled. An aft for the further encouragement of the manufafture of lujlringt and alamodes within this realm, and for the better preventing the importation of the fame; for the punijbment of ftlk winders, doublers9 and other perfons, convifted of purloining9 mbezzilling, pawning, felling* or detaining, any ftlk delivered them to windy doubley or work up, or after the fame is wrought upy and of the buyerSy receivers, or perfons taking*to pawn any filk fo imbezil-led or purloined, but that the faid provifions (hall remain in full force, and the penalties and forfeitures to which offenders a-gainft the faid ads are thereby refpedively fubjeded, may be levied, recovered, and inflided m the fame manner as fuch penalties and forfeitures might have been levied, recovered, and inflided before the making of this ad; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XI.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enaded and declared. That no perfon (hall, by virtue of the faid ads herein before1 lad-mentioned, or of this ad, fuifer or be liable to fuifer the punifhments thereby inflided, twice for one and the (ame fad or offence.

XII.	And whereas by an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firjly intituledy An ad to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufadures, and for better payment of their wages, all contra ft Sy covenantsy or agreements, and all by-laws, ordinanceSy rules, or orders made or entered intOy or hereafter to be made or entered in-toy by or between any perfons brought up in, or profejfmgy uftngy or exerciftng the art and myftery of a wooll comber, or weaver, or journeyman wooll comber, or journeyman weaver, in any pari/h or place within this kingdom, for regulating the faid trade or myftery, or for regulating or fettling the prices of goods, or for advancing their wageSy or for leffening their vfual hours of work, are declared to be illegal, null, and void to all intents and purpofes: and it is, by the faid laft-mentioned aft (amongft other things) enabled. That if any wool comber, or weaver, or journeyman wool comber, or journeyman weaver, or other perfon concerned in any of the woollen manufaftwres of this kingdom, /hall at any time keep up, continue, aft in, make, enter into, ftgn, feal, or be knowingly concerned in any contra ft, co-venant or agreement, by law, ordinance, rule, or order of any club, fociety, or combination, by the faid aft declared to be illegal, or Jbeil prefume or attempt to put any*fuch illegal agreement, by law, ordinance, rule, or order in execution, every perjen fo offending being thereof lawfully \onvifted in manner prefcribta by the Jaid aft, /ball ft tbe.tifcretion of the jufticej of the peace, before whom fuch con-

vifliui



Digitized by

3*7

1749-] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 27.

viCfion Jball be ha#* be commit fed either to the boufe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three monthly . $r to the common gaol of the county, city, town, or place where fuck offence Jball be committedy there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three months: and it is, by the faid lafl-mentioned aft, alfo further enacted. That if any perfon retained of -employed as a wool comber or weaver, or fervent in the art or myflery of a wool comber or weaver, Jball depart from his fervice before the end of the time for which he is hired or retained, or Jball quit or return his work before the fame Jball be finijhed according to agreement, unlefs it be for fome reafonable caufe to be allowed by two or more jufiices of the peace within their rejpeClive jwrifdiCtions, every perfon Jo offending, being thereof convicted in manner prefcribed by the Jaid aCt, Jball be committed to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months; and if any wool comber, weaver, fervant, or perfon hired, retained, or employed in the faid art or. myflery, Jball wilfully damnify, fpoil, or dejlroy (with-out the confent of the owner) any of the goods, wares, or work committed to his care or charge, or wherewith he Jball be entrnjled, fucb offender being thereof convicted, Jball forfeit and pay to the owner or owners of fuch goods or wares fo damnified, Jpoiled, or deflroyed, . double the value thereof; to be levied by dijlrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hands and feals of any two or more jufiices of the peace, within their re-fpedrve jurifdidions \ and, for want of fufficient dijlrefs, fuch jufiices Jball commit the party or parties offending to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding three months, or until fatisfaClion be made to the party or parties aggrieved for the fame: and it is, by the faid lafl-mentioned aCt, alfo further enacted, That every clothier, ferge maker, or woollen or worjted fluff maker, or perfon concerned in making any woollen cloths, ferges, or fluffs, or concerned in employing wool combers, weavers, or other labourers in the woollen manufactory, Jhall pay to all perfons by them employed in, the woollen manufacture, the full wages, or other price agreed on, in good and lawful money of this kingdom, and Jball not pay the faid wages, or other price agreed on, or any part thereof, in goods, or by way of truck, or in any other manner than in money, or make any deduction from fuch wages or price, for or on account of any goods fold or delivered, previous to fuch agreement, by any perfon or* perfons whatfoever: and for the more eafy recovery of the faid wages, or price agreed on, any two or more jufiices of the peace, within their rej'peCtive jurifdiClions, are authorized and required, upon complaint made for that purpofe, to fumrnon before them the party or parties offending, and for nonpayment of fuch wages, or price agreed on, in money as aforefaid, or fufficient fatisfaClion given for the fame, to the good liking of the party or parties aggrieved, to iffue their warrant or warrants, under their hands and feals, for levying fuch wages or price, due as aforefaid, by dijlrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus to the owner 5 and for want of fufficient dijlrefs, to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol of the county, city, town, or place, where fuch offence Jhall be

committed.

Digitized by LjOOQle

A

Anno vicefimo fecundo GEokGii W. c. 47.'

committed., there to remain without toil or mairtprize fur the of ft* monthly or until he, Jht, or they Jhall pay	wages, or price

agreed	on,in money as	aforefaid',or give full for the pay-

ment of the fame, to the good liking of the party grieved: and it is, by the faid laji-mentioned ail, alfo further enailed. That if any clothier, ferge maker, woollen or worfledfluff maker, or per fen concerned in making any woollen cloths,ferges, or fluffs, or any way concerned in employing wool combers, weavers, or other labourers in the woollen	manufailory, /ballpay any perfon or perfons employed by

them, their wages, or other price agreed on, or any part thereof, either in goods, or by way of truck, or in any other manner than in money, every perfon Jo offending, Jhall alfo forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the party or parties aggrieved, to be levied by	and	fait of

the offender's goods as aforefaid, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner: and it is, by the Jaid lafl-mentioned ad, alfo That it Jhall be lawful for any perfon aggrieved, by any order or orders to be made by any two or more juflices of the peace as	,

to appeal to the juflices of the peace at the next general quarter Jeffsons to be hotden for the county, city, divifton,	or	place, where

juch order flail be made, giving reafonable notice of flub appeal, the rtafonablenefs of which notice flail be determined by the juflices at the quarter fefjions to which fuch appeal is made ; and if it Jhall appear to them, that reafonable time of notice was not given, then they Jhall esdjoum the faid appeal to the next quarter feffums, and then and there finally bear and determine the fame; and the juflices, who in the general quarter fefjions Jhall hear the matter, Jhall have power to award reafonable colls to either party, as to them Jhall feem juft : and it is, by the faid lafl-mentioned ad, alfo further enabled. That if any fon or perfons Jhall ajfault or abufe any mafler wool comber, rnafier weaver, or other perfon concerned in any of the woollen manufadures, whereby any fuch mafter or other perfon flail receive any bodily hurt, for not complying with, or not conforming, or not fubmitting to assy fuch illegal by-laws, ordinances, rules, or orders aforefaidor if any perfon or perfons flail write, or cauf to be or knowingly fend, or caufe to be fent, any Utter, or other writing or meffage, j threatening any hurt or harm to any fuch mafler wool comber, or mafter weaver, or other perfon concerned in the woollen manufadure, or I threatening to burn, pull down, or deflroy any of their houfes or out-houfes ,or to cut down or deflroy any of their trees, or to maim or kill any of their cattle, for not complying with any demands, claims, or pretences of any of his or their workmen, or others employed by ■ them in the faid manufadure, or for not conforming, or not fubmit- j ting to any Juch illegal by-laws, ordinances, rules, or orders as afort-faid, every perfon fo knowingly and willingly offending in the being thereof lawfully convided, upon any indtdment to be found within twelve calendar months next after any fuch offence committed, Jhall. be adjudged guilty of felony, ana Jhall be tranjported for feven years to fome or-one of hts Majejly's colonies or plantations in America, by fuch ways and means, and in fuch manner, and under fuch pains and penalties, as felons in other cafes are by law to be

whereas

Digitized by Google

1749*1 Anno viccfimo fccundo Georgii II. c. 28,29.	519

whereas it is necejfary that the find fieveral provifions and regulations in the find laft in fart recited aCt9 Jhould be extended to journeymen dyers, journeymen oot prefers, and all other terfons employed in the woollen manufactures of this kingdom, and alfo to journeymen, fier-vantSy workmen^ and labourers y employed in the making of felts or hatSy and in the manufactures of filky mohair, furry hempy flaxy lineny cottony fujiiany irony and leathery or any manufactures made up of wooly furry hempy flaxy cottony mohair, or filky or of any of the fold materials mixed one with another; be it therefore enadeu by the authority aforefeid, That the faid feveral be- The provi-fore recited claufes in the faid ad, made in the twelfth year Cons m the reef hi? laid late Majefty’s reign, and all the provifions, regu- citcd »&• to lations, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, therein contained,fonswnpkl^ fhall, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Juney one in the vLxn? thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, extend, and be conftrued, fe&ures can-deemed, and adjudged to extend to journeymen dyers, journey- narrated, men hot proffers, and all other perfons whatfoever, employed in or about any of the woollen manufactures of this kingdom, and alfo to journeymen fervants, workmen, and labourers, and all other perfons whatfoever employed in the making of felts or hats, or in or about any of the manufactures of filk, mohair, furr, hemp, flax, linen, cotton, fuftian, iron, or leather, or in or about any manufactures made up of wool, furr, hemp, flax, cotton, mohair, or filk, or of any of the faid materials mixed one with another, in as full and ample manner as the faid provifions, regulations, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, are by the faid laft-mentioned aCt declared to extend to the feveral and refoedive perfons therein named; and the pains, penalties, and forfeitures, which fhall be incurred by reafon of any offence committed againft the faid laft-mentioned ad, by any perfon or perfons employed or concerned in or about any of the faid manufactures, herein before enumerated, (hall be inflided, levied. Forfeitures to and recovered, in the fame manner as the pains, penalties, and he inflicted as forfeitures, contained in the faid laft in part recited ad, are di-in the faid ad. reded to be inflided, levied, and recovered, upon and againft the feveral and refpedive perfons therein mentioned.

CAP. XXVIII.

An ad for continuing two ads of parliament, the one palled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King Georee the Firft, for amending the feveral roads leading from the city of Briftol j and the other palled in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to explain and amend the fame ad; and for making the faid ads more eftedual | and alfo for repairing other roads therein mentioned.

former ads 13 Geo, 1. e. is. and 4 Geo. a. c. si. continued fir at years.

CAP. XXIX.

An all for making an autbentick roll of valuation for the

fbire of Argyll.

WHEREAS there has not been any autbentick or authorized valuation if	the/hireof Argyll extant at any time fmee the late

happy revolution, in the year of our Lord one	hundred

eighty

Digitized by v^.ooQle

320	Anno vicefuho fecundo GEorgii II. c. *<£	[17491

eighty right, and for want thereof it was provided hy the forth alt of the parliament of Scotland, holden in the year one thousand fat hundred and^ ninety, intituled, Aft for railing a fupply offered to their Maiefties; That the Jhire of Argyll ftmld pay their fro* portion of that fupply, and in time comings according as the find fort did pay before the year one thousand fix hundred and eighty four% as* til there be a new valuation; and whereas fiuch new valuation has never hitherto been made or authorized: now for remedying the inconveniencies arifing from the want of an authentic^ roll of valuation for the (hire of Argyll, according to which the efta-blilhed proportion of cefs, payable by the laid (hire, may be levied and collefted from the feveral heretors, proprietors, and occupiers of lands, lying within the fame, in the fame manner, and with the like eafe, certainty and regularity, as is praftifed in other (hires, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland; be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-Oommiffioners thority of the fame. That Sir Duncan Campbell of LochnelU Den-names. can Campbell of Inver aw y Archibald Lament of Lament, Jobe Campbell of Barcalden, Donald Campbell of Airdsy Neil Moated of Ugadill, Archibald Campbell of Knockbuy, Alexander Macmillan of Dunmore, Archibald Campbell of Danna, Archibald Campbell of Melford> Archibald Campbell of Inver liver, Heitor Maclean of Tir-loijky Neil Campbell of Duntrocnf matter John Campbell of Otttry captain James Campbell the younger of Ardkinglafs, John Met-kinnon of Mackinnon, Archibald Campbell of Dumoon, Cotin Coup-bell of Skipnefsy Heitor Maclean of Coll% Archibald Campbell cf Stonefield, Daniel Campbell of Sbawfield, Duncan Campbell of Shunderland, John Macdonald of Lergyy and Archibald Campbell di _	Jura9	of whom nine are hereby declared to be a j§hiorumy (hall

fk>nerTto be a and t*lcY are hereby conftituted and appointed commiffion-Qaorum. ers for making an authentick roll of valuation for the faid (hire of Argyll, which they are hereby authorized, impowered, and required to do.

Time and	11- And be it enafted by the authority aforelaid, That the

place of meet- commiflioners aforefaid, or any nine or more of them, (hall meet together at Inverary on the twenty firft day of June next, and (hall then adjourn themfelves, and afterwards meet there, or at anv other place, as the faid commiflioners, or any nine or more ox them, (hall think proper or convenient, as often as it (hall be neceflary for putting this aft, or any of the powers therein contained in execution.

Commiffion- III. And be it likewife enafted by the authority aforefaid, ers may fum- That the commiflioners aforefaid, or any nine or more of them, mon heretors, (hall have power to fummon the heretots, and other periods **•	having intereft in the faid (hire, to appear before them, and to

take all manner of probation as they (hall fee caufe, and to do all other afts neceflary for carrying this aft into execution. Commiffion- IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted, Tbit ers not to aft ,{oac 0f fa commiflioners aforelaid, (hall aft as fuch, until

Digitized by v^ooQle

t ?49-] Anno vicefinio fecundo Georgii II. C. zg.	321

(hall have qualified, themfelves, by taking the oaths appointed till they hav# by law to be taken by perfons in offices of publick truft in Scot- <*uallficd# landy either in the (herifFs court held for the faid (hire, or any other court of law appointed for that purpofe.

V.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Three copie#

faid. That as foon as the faid dommiffloners (hall have finilhed	th< rollto'

and completed the faid roll of valuation, three copies thereof ^

(hall be figned by nine or more of the faid commiffioners, one herein men-

whereof (nail be tranfmitted to the treafurer’s remembrancer in tioued.

his Majesty’s court of Exchequer in that part of Great Britain

called Scotland, to be kept amongft the records of the faid court,

and another of the faid copies (hall be delivered to the (herifF,

or (heriff depute of the faid (hire, to be recorded in the (herifPs

books for the faid (hire, and to be patent in all time coming to

all perfons having occafiort td infpeft the fame, and another copy *

of the faid roll, (o figned as aforefaid* (hail be delivered to the

clerk of the commiffioners of fupply for the faid (hire, for the

ufe of the faid commiffioners in all time coming.

VI.	And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. That The validity the (aid roll, when fo figned and delivered as aforefaid, (hall be °f the roll de-of the fame force, efficacy, and validity, to all intents and pur- clarcd* pofes, for and in refpeft to the faid (hire of Argyll, and lands

and hereditaments lying within the fame, as any other authen-tick roll of valuation is by law for any other (hire in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the lands lying within the fame.

VII.	Provided alwife, and it is hereby enabled by the autho- The quota of rity aforefaid. That the Quota or proportion of cefs charged up-the cefs to be on the faid (hire, (hall continue the fame as it has been heretofore the (ante, before the paffing of this aft.

VIII.	And provided likewife, and it is hereby further enafted, The fupplies That until the firft day of June, which (hall be in the year of to be raifed as our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, and likewife Jlnr®tJ>fore.,l ^ from and after the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hun- completed, died and fifty, until the faid roll mall be completed, figned, and delivered in manner above-mentioned, the publick fupplies (hall

be levied and collefted within the faid (hire, in the manner that has been heretofore praftifed within the fame before the paffing of this aft.

IX.	And be it likewife further enafted. That all arrears of Anwa to b# the publick fupplies or cefs grown due, or hereafter to grow due levied as ibr-on or before the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hun- mcrv*

dred and fifty, (hall be levied and collefted within thi faid (hire, in the manner that has been heretofore praftifed within the fame; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And it is hereby further enafted, That it (ball and may Perfons ag-be lawful for any perfon or perfons, heretors or life-renters, grieved may within the faid (hire, who (hall apprehend him, her, or them-

felves to be aggrieved by the valuation that (hall be made by the faid commiffioners, of any lands, or heretages within the laid (hire, as being too high or too low, or otherwife unequal, to Vol. XIX.	Y	apply

Digitized by Google

322	Anno	vicefimo	fecundo	Georgii	II. c.30.	[1749.

apply for redrefs of fuch grievance or unequality, by fummary petition or complaint to the barons of the court of Exchequer in Scotland, at any time within twelve months after a copy of the faid valuation, as fettled by the comptiiffionejrs, (hall be recorded in the fherifPs books for the faid (hire, to be patent to all perfons having intereft ; and upon fuch complaint exhibited to the (aid barons, they are hereby authorized and required to grant war* rant for ferving the fame upon any nine or more of the faid com* miffioners, to anfwer upon fifteen days after fuch fervice ; and and then upon hearing the faid complaint in a luminary manner, with the anfwers, if any be made by the faid commifiion-ers, or other parties having intereft, the faid barons, or any three of them, are hereby authorized and required to make fuch order, touching the matter of faid complaint, as to them (hall • appear juft* which order (hall be final; and in cafe it (hall import any variation of the roll of valuation made by the commif-/ioners, that roll or valuation (hall be altered accordingly.

CAP. XXX.

An oft for encouraging the people known by the name of Unitas Fratrum or United Brethren, to fettle in his Ma-fifty's colonies in America.

WHEREAS many of the people of the church or congregations called the Unitas Fratrum or United Brethren, are fettled in his Majejly's colonies in America, and demean themfelves there as a fiber, quiets and indujlrious people; and many others of the fame perfuafion are deftrous to tranfport themfelves to, and make larger fettlements in, the faid colonies at their own expence, provided they may be indulged with a full liberty of confidence, and in the exercife of the religion they profefs; and feveral of the faid brethren do con-fiientioufly firuple the taking of an oath, and likewifi do confiicntiouf-ly firuple bearing arms, or perfonally ferving in any military capacity, although they are willing and ready to contribute whatever fums of money Ihall be thought a reafonable compenfation for fuch fervice, and which Jhall be neceffary for the defence and fupport of nis Majefty* s ♦	perfin	and government: and whereas the faid congregations are an

ancient proteflant epifcopal church, which has been countenanced and relieved by the Kings of England, your Majefly's predecejfirs: and whereas the encouraging the faid people to fettle in America, will be beneficial to the faid colonies; therefore may it pleafe your Majefty, at the humble petition of Abraham baron of Gerfdorjf, Lewis baron Schrautenbacb free lord of Lindheim, David Nitfchmann lyn-dic, Charles Sehachmann baron of Hermfdorff, and Henry Cofficrt agent, deputies from the faid Moravian churches, in behalf of themfelves and their United Brethren, that it may be enacted; and be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, . Members of by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and v**tasJfatrum temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, makea folemn an<* ty authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty affirmation in fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, lieu of an oath.	every

Digitized by Google

<749*1 Anfio vicefimo fecundb Georgii II. c. 30.	323

every perfon being a member of the faid proteftant epifcopal church, (mown by the name of TJnitas Fratrum, or the United Brethren, and which church was formerly fettled in Moravia and Bohemia, and are now in Prujfia, Poland, Silefta, Lufatia, Ger-many*, the United Provinces, 2nd alfo in his Majesty’s dominions,

•who (hall be required upon any lawful occafion to*take an oath in any cafe where bylaw an oath is or (hall be required, (hall, inftcad of the ufual form, be permitted to make his or her fo-lemn affirmation or declaration in thefe words following:

I A. B. do declare in the prefence of Almighty God, the witnefs of Form of afflr^ the truth of what 1Joy.	♦ mation.

Which faid folemn affirmation or declaration (hall be adjudged and taken, and is hereby enabled and declared to be of the fame force and effetft, to all intents and purpofes, in all courts of juftice, and other places where by law an oath is or (hall be required within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and allb in all and every of bis Majefty’s colonies and dominions in America, as if fuch perfon had taken an oath in the ufual form.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Penaltv of any perfon making fuch folemn affirmation or declaration, who falfe affirming, (hall be lawfully convicted, wilfully, falfly, and corruptly to have affirmed or declared any matter or thing, which, if the fame had been depofed on oath in the ufual form, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt peijury, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall incur the fame pains and penalties, as by the law and ftatutes of this realm are enaded againft perfons convi&ed of wilful and corrupt peijury.

III.	Provided, and be it ena&ed. That no perfon being of the Not t0 extend faid church or congregation called the Moravian or United to criminal Brethren, (hall by virtue of this ad be qualified to give evidence cafes, 5<fc. in any criminal caufes, or to ferve on juries; any thing contained in this ad to the contrary notwithftanding/

IV.	And be it further enaded. That every perfon who is a Moravians member of the. faid church or congregation, who (hall refide in fummoned to any of his Majesty’s colonies in America, who (hall at any time do *y mjh-after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, be fummoned to bear arms, or do mi-	*	1

litary fervicc, in any of his Majesty’s (aid colonies or provinces of America, (hall, on bis application to the governor or commander in chief of the faid colony or Drovince, or to fuch officer or perfon, by whom fuch perfon (hall have been fummoned or required to ferve, or be muttered, be difeharged from fuch perfon al fervice; provided that fuch perfon, fo defiring to be dif- upon payment charged from fuch perfonal fervice, contribute and pay fuch fum ™ *J*C rttc a4“ of money as (hall be rated and affefled on him in lieu of fuch * perfonal fervice, fo as fuch fum (hall be rated, afleffed, and le- . vied, and be in fuch proportion, as is ufually rated, affefled, levied, and paid, by other perfons reliding in the fame colony or province, who are by reaion of age, fex, or other infirmity un-

Y a	abb

Digitized by Google

3*4

and producing a certificate from fome bi-fhop of the faid church, Lq.

Penalty of falfe affirming.

The advocate to lay before the commif-fioners for trade lifts of the bifhops appointed to grant certifi-cateii See.

Pttblick a£f.

Anno viceflmo fccundo Georgii II. c. 30.	(1749.

able to do perfonal fervice, and who are poflefled of eftates of the fame nature as the perfons defiring fuch difeharge.

V.	And to prevent any doubt which may arife, whether any perfon, pretending or claiming to be a member of fuch church or congregation, is adually a member thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, .That all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who (hall, as a member or members of fuch church or congregation, claim the benefit of this ad, or of any matter or thing herein contained, (hall, at the time when he or they make fuch claim, produce a certificate figned by fome bU (hop of the (aid church, or by the pador of fuch church or congregation who (hal) be neared to the place where fuch claim is made5 and (hall be examined concerning the matters contained in the faid certificate, and the due execution thereof; and fuch perfon fo affirming to the bed of his knowledge and belief in manner herein before mentioned, or proving by the teftimony of other legal witnefs, that the faid certificate was duly executed by fuch bifhop or pador, and alfo affirming, that he is a&ually a member of the faid church, known by the name of Unitas Fra-trum, or United Brethren, (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken g to be adually a member of the faid cnurch or congregation, and as fuch (hall be intitled to the benefit of this ad.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That any perfon who (hall be lawfully convicted of having wilfully, falQy, and corruptly affirmed or declared in manner aforefaia, That fuch certificate was duly executed, or that he is a member of fuch church, when in fad fuch affirmation is untrue, fuch perfon fo falfly affirming, and being duly convided thereof, (hall incur the fame pains ami penalties, as by the law and datutes of this realm areeoaded againd perfons convided of wilful and corrupt perjury.

VII.	And that it may be known whether fuch bi(hops and padors, fo figning fuch certificates be of the church known by the name of Unitas Fratrum, or United Brethren^ within the meaning of this ad, be it further enaded, That the advocate of the faid church or congregation of the United Brethren for the time being, (hall lay, or caufe to be laid before The cemmiffimers for trade and plantations, in order that the fame may remain in their office, a lid or lids of all the bifhops of the faid church of the United Brethren, who are appointed by them to grant certificates as aforefaid, together with their hand-writing, and ufual feal; and that, from time to time, the faid advocate (hall fend to the faid commiffioners for trade and plantations, the names, hand-writing, and feals of any bifhops, that (hall be hereafter confecrated and appointed by them as aforefaid, and the names of fuch padors as (hall be authorized by the laid advocate or bilhops to give certificates in any of his Majedy’s colonies in America.

VIII.	And be it enaded and declared by the authority afore-faid. That this ad (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick ad$ and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuchb|f

Digitized by

Google

>749*] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c.31 —33.	325

all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpe-ctauy pleading the fame.

C£P. XXXI.

An aft for opening and making a new road from the eaft end of New Street in the pariih of Saint John Southwaik, to and through the feveral placet therein mentioned5 and for keeping the faid road in repair for the future.

Certain tolls granted for %\ years.

CAP. XXXII.

An aft for enlarging the term and power* granted by an aft paiTed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the high road leading from Borough Bridge in the county of York, through Northallerton in the fame county, to Croft Bridge on the river Tees | and from thence through Darlington in the county of Durham, to the city of Durham \ and for making the fame more effectual.

The aft it Geo. a. r. t. continuedfyr at gears.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for amending, explaining, and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the government of bis Majejtfs Jbips% vejfels, and forces by fea.

H E R E A S the feveral law; relating to the fea fervice, made * * at different times, and on different occafions, have been found by experience not to be fo full, fo clear, fo expedient, or confident with each other, as they ought to be 5 for amending and explaining the laid laws, and for reducing them into one uniform aft of parliament 5 be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confeqt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thopfand feven hundred and forty nine, an aft paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles x? Car. g u the Second, intituled. An aft for ejlablijbing articles and orders c. 9.	*	*

for the regulating and better government of his Majeflfs navies,

Jhips of war, and forces by fea 5 and alfo fo much of an aft paffed

in the fecond year of the reign of King William and Queen * W. 8c M.’

Jbfary, intituled. An aft concerning the eommifftoners of the admiral-	*•c* *• f* 4*

ty} as direfts the form of an oath to be taken by every officer

prefent, upon all trials of offenders by courts-martial, to be

held by virtue of any com million to be granted by the lord high

admiral, or the commiflioners for executing the office of lord

high admiral; and alfo fo much of an aft pafled in the fixth year 6 Geo.i. c.19.

of the reign of King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for mak-

iug perpetual fo much of an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of

Sfueen Anne, for the reviving and continuing feveral afts of par-

liament therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing

county gaols 5 and alfo an aft of the eleventh and twelfth years of the

reign of King William the Third, for the more effeftual fuppreffton

of piracy; and for making more effeftual the aft of the thirteenth

year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for

fftabuftiing articles and ordets for the regulating and better go-

Y ^	vemment

Digitized by v^.c . ne

326	Anno	vlcefitno	fecundo	GeoRGH II. c. 33.	[1749#

yernment of his Majesty’s navies, (hips of war, and forces hy fea y as relates to the trial and punifhment of perfons who (haft, commit any of the crimes or offences mentioned in the faid articles upon the (hore, in any foreign part or parts* and alfo fo much of an aft palled in the eighth year of the reign of King SGeo.s.p.s4* George the Firft, intituled. An off for the more effectual fuppreffing of piracy; as direfts the puniflunent to be inmfted by a court-,	martial upon any captain, commander, or other officer of any his

Majelfty’s (hips or veffels of War? who (hall receive on boara, or permit to be received on board, any godds pr merchandizes whatfoever, in order to trade or merchandize with the fame (except the goods and merchandizes therein excepted) and alfo an aft palled in the eighteenth jear of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the regulating and better government of hit Majefty'$ navies, Jbips of war, and forces by fea; and for regulating the proceedings upon courts-martial in the fep feryice; and alfo fm aft palled in the twenty firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for further regulating the proceedings upon courts*martial in the fea fervice; and for extending the difcip-line of the navy td the crews of his Majesty's Jhips wrecked, loft, or taken; and for continuing to them their wages upon certain conditions, lhall be, and the fame are hereby repealed to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever.

II.	And for the regulating and better goyemment of his Majesty’s navies, (hips of war, and forces by fea, whereon, under the good providence of God, the wealth, fafety, and ftrcngth of this kingdom chiefly depend$ be it cnafted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, arid commons, in this prefent

{Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That rom and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, the articles and orders herein after following, as well in time of peace as in time of war, (hall bq duly obferved and put in execution, in m^nnpr herein after-peptioned.

iS Geo. »• 35*

at Geo. t. €.11.

Commencement pf the articles.

Publipk wor- I. All commanders, captains, and officers, in or belonging to any of his fhip to be per- Majefty*s Jbips or veffels of war, fball caufe the publtck worfbip of Al-farmed. mighty God, according to tbe liturgy of the cburcb of England eftablifbed by law, to be folemnlyf orderly, and reverently performed m their respective Jbips; ana fball take care that prayers and preaching, by tbe chaplains in holy orders of tbe refpeSive Jbips; be performed diligently; and that tbe Lord's day be obferved according to law.

fPenalty of pro 2. All flag officers, and all perfons in or belonging to bis Majefty's ane (wearing, jbips or veffels of war, being guilty of profane oaths, curftng:, execrati-&?.	(ms,	drunkennefs, uncleannejs; or other fcandalous anions, in derogation of

Gods honour, and corruption of good manners, fball incur fucb punifb-ment as a court-martial fball think fit to impofe, and as tbe nature andde• gjree of tbeir offence fball deferue.

3;

Digitized by

1749.3 Anno viccfiaio fecundo Georgii II. c. 33.	$2	7

3.	If any officer, mariner, foldier, or otfor per/on of the fleet, Jhall give. Penalty of hold, or entertain intelligence to or with any enemy or rebel, without leave holding illegal from the King's majefty, or the lord high admiral, or the commiffioners correfpon-

%for executing the office of lord high admiral, commander in chief, or biscnemYj • ** commanding qfficer, every fucb perfon fo offending, and being thereof con*	*

rAded by the fentence of a court-martial, jball be punijbed with death.

4.	If any letter or meffage from any enemy or rebel, he conveyed to any of not ac-

ffficer, mariner, or foldier, or other in the fleet, and the fait officer, mari- quaintingthe ner, foldier, or other as aforefoid, Jball not, within twelve hours, having opportunity Jo to do, acquaint bis fuperior officer, or the officer commanding	^

in chief, with it; or if any fuperior qfficer being acquainted therewith, enemy;

Jball not in convenient time reveal the fame to the commander in chief of

tie fquadron, every fucb perfon fo offending, and being cwvtSed thereof by the fentence of the court-martial, Jball be punijbed with death, or fucb other punijbment as the nature and degree of the offence Jball deferve3 and the court-martial Jball impofe.

5.	All fpies, and all perfons wbatfoever, who Jball come, or be found, of foies, and in the nature of fpies, to bring or deliver any feducing letters or meffages of delivering from any enemy or rebel, or endeavour to corrupt any captain, qfficer, ma- k^ing let-riner, or other in the fleet, to betray bis truft, being convi&ed of any fucbter#* &c* offence by the fentence of the court-martial, jball be punijbed with death,

or fucb other punijbment, as the nature and degree of the offence Jball dtr ferve, and the court-martial Jball impofe.

6.	No perfon in the fleet Jball relieve an enemy or rebel with money, of relieving an viSuals, Po wder, Jbot, arms, ammunition, or any other fupplies wbatfoever, enemy j dire&ly or indireSly, upon pain of death, or fucb other punijbment as the court-martial Jball think Jit to impofe, and as the nature and degree of the

crime Jball defervt.

7. All the papers, charter parties, hills of lading, paffports, and other of not fending writings wbatjoever, that Jball be taken, feized, or found aboard any Jhip all papers

or fbips which Jball he furprized or taken as prize, Jball he duly preferved, found aboard and the very originals Jball by the commanding qfficer of the Jbip which Pnze » Jball take fucb prize, be fent intirely, and without fraud, to the court of admiralty, or fucb other court of commiffioners, as Jball be authorized to determine whether fucb prize he lawful capture, there to be viewed, made ufe of, and proceeded upon according to law, upon pain that every perfon offending herein, Jball forfeit and lofe bis fbare of the capture, and Jball Juffer fucb further punijbment, as the' nature and degree of bis offence Jball be found to deferve, and the court-martial Jball impofe.	1

8.	No perfon in or belonging to the fleet Jball take out of any prize, or of taking ef-

jbip feized for prize, any money, plate, or goods, unlefs it Jball be necej-	op*

fary for the better fecuring thereof, or for the necejfary ufe and fervice o/*ny any of bis Majefty's fbips or veffels of war, before the fame he adjudged ^mned lawful prize in fame admiralty court; hut the full and entire account of	?

the whole, without imbezzlement, Jball be brougbp in, and judgement paf fed intirely upon the whole without fraud, upon pain that every perfon offending herein Jball forfeit and lofe bis Jbare of the capture, and Juffer fucb further punijbment as Jball be impofed by a court-martial} or fucb fpurf of admiralty} according to the nature and degree of the offence.

Digitized by Google

328	Aono	yicefimo fecundo GeoRGhII. c.33.	[1749.

of Gripping,	9. If any fbip or veffel Jball be taken as prize, none of the officers, mar

or ill ufing	riners, or other perfons on board her, Jball be Jlripped of tbeir. cloaths, or

w any fort pillaged, beaten, or evil-intr eased, upon pain that the perfon on board a w perfons fo offending, Jball be liable to fucb punijbment as a court-mar-PrizC ! tial Jball think fit to irflid.

of not prepar- io. .Every jfog officer, captain, and commander in the fleet, who, upon ing for fight, fignal or order of fight, or fight of any fbip or Jbips which it may be bis and encourag- duty to engage, or who, upon likelihood of engagement, Jball not make ii^time ofn wcejfary preparations for fight, and (ball not in bis own perform . and according to his place, encourage the inferior officers and men to fight y courageoujly, Jball fuffer death, or fucb ether punijbment, as from the nar ture and degree of the offence a court-martial Jball deem bim to deferve ; and if any perfon in the fleet Jball treacberoufly or cowardly yield or cry for quarter, every perfon fo offending, and being convifted thereof by the Jen* pence of a court-martial, Jball fuffer death.

of difoheying 1T • Every perfon in the fleet, who Jball not duly obferve the orders of the orders in time admiral, flag qfficer, commander of any fquadron or divifion, or other bis pfa&ion, See. fuperior officer, for affailing, joining battle with, or making defence a* gainft any flett, fquadron, or Jbip, or Jball not obey tbe orders of bis fuperior qfficer as aforefaid in time of aStion, to tbe bejl of bis power, or ffiall not ufe all poffible endeavours to put tbe fame effedually in execution, every fucb perfon fo offending, and being corvoiSted thereof by tbefentence pf tbe court-martial, Jball fuffer death, or fucb other punijbment, as from tbe nature and degree of tbe offence a court-martial Jball deem bim to deferve.

of cowardice	12 •	Every perfon in tbe fleet, who through cowardice, negligence, or

or negleft of difaffeElion, Jball in time of a&ion withdraw or keep back, or not come in-duty i n time to tbe fight or engagement, or Jball not do bis utmojl to take or dejlroy of action j putty Jbip which it Jball be bis duty to engage, and to affijl and relieve all and every of bis Majejly's Jbips, or tbofe of bis allies, which it Jball be bis duty to affijl and relieve, every fucb perfon fo offending, and being con? .vtded thereof by tbe fentence of a court-martial, Jfball fuffer death.

of not purfu- 13- Every perfon in tbe fleet, who through cowardice, negligence, ordifl ing the enemy, offedion, fball forbear to purfue tbe cbace of any enemy, pirate, or rebel, and of not af* beaten or flying; or fl'all not relieve or affijl a known friend in view to fifiine: a tbe utmojl of bis power; being convided of any fucb offence by tbe fen-friend | fence of a court-martial, fball fuffer death.

of delaying or 14* If voben aRion, or any fervice Jball be commanded, any perfon in difeour aging the fleet fball prefume to delay or dijcourage tbe faid aEtion or fervice, up-the fervice, on on pretence of arrears of wages, or upon any pretence wbatfoever, every per-account of Jon fo offending, being convi&cd thereof by tbe fentence of tbe court-mar-ffeges, &c.	Jball	fuffer death, or fucb other punijbment, as from tbe nature and

degree of tbe offence a court-martial Jball deem bim to deferve.

pf deferring, 15* Every perfon in or belonging to tbe fleet, who fball deftrt to tbe or running enemy, pirate, or rebel, or run away with any of bis Majejly’s Jbips or away with vejjels of war, or any ordnance, ammunition Jlores, or provifion belonging $'P or $or?s > thereto, to tbe weakening of tbe fervicer or yield up tbe fame cowardly or 1	/	treacberoufly

Digitized by v^ooQle

3*9

v749-3 Anno vieefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 33.

trtacbereu)ly to the enemy, pirate, or rebel, fcmg cmoiBed of any fucb offence by the fentence of tpp court-martial, Jballfuffer death.

16.	-Every perfon in or belonging to tbe fleety who Jball defert or intice of deferring, others Jo to do, Jball juffer death, or fucb other punifbment as tbe circum- or intiring fiances of tbe offence Jball deferve, and a court-martial Jball judge Jit: others $ . and if any commanding officer of any of bis Majejlfs Jbips or vejfels of

yoor Jball receive or entertain a deferter from any otber of bis Majejiy's Jbips or vejfels, after difcovering him to be Jucb deferter, and Jball not yaitb all convenient fpeed give notice to tbe captain of tbe Jbip or vejfel to which Jucb dejerter belongs; or if tbe Jaid (hips or vejfels are at any con-fiderable difiancc from each other, to tbe Jecretary of tbe admiralty, or to tbe commander in chief; every perfon Jo offending, and being canvifted thereof by tbe fentence of tbe court-martial, Jball be cafbiered.

17. Tbe officers andfeamenof all Jbips appointed for convoy and guard 0f not taking pf merchant Jbips, or of any other, Jball diligently attend upon that charge, care of (hips without delay, according to tbeir inJtruSions in #at behalf; and wbofor under convoys ever Jball be faulty therein, and Jball not faithfully perform tbeir duty,

and defend tbe Jbips and goods in tbeir convoy, voithout either diverting to other parts or occafions, or refufing or neglecting to fight in tbeir defence, if they be ajfailed, or running away cowardly, and fubmitting tbe Jbips in tbeir convoy to peril and hazard; or Jball demand or exalt any money or other reward from any merchant ormajier for convoying of any Jbips or vejfels intrujlcd to tbeir care, or Jball mifufe tbe majlers or mariners thereof \ Jball be condemned to make reparation of tbe damage to tbe ^merchants, owners, and others, as the court of admiralty Jball adjudge,

And alfo be punijbed criminally according to tbe quality of tbeir offences, be it by pains of death, or other punifbment, according as Jball be adjudged Jit by tbe court martial.

18.	If any captain, commander, or other officer of any of bis Majejiy's 0f taking Jbips or vejfels, Jball receive on boards or permit to be received on board goods on fucb Jbip or vejfel, any goods or merchandizes wbatfoever, other than for board, other tbe foie ufe/tf tbe Jbip or vejfel, except gold, filver, or jewels, and except Jhan gold, tbe goods and merchandizes belonging to any merchant, or other Jbip or Jcwcl,f vejfel which may be Jbipwrecked, or in imminent danger of being fbip-

jvorecked, either on tbe high feas, or in any port, creek, or harbour, in order to tbe preferring them for tbeir proper owners, and except fucb goods or merchandizes as be Jball at any time be ordered to take or receive on board by order of tbe lord bigb admiral of Great Britain, or tbe commijjioners for executing tbe office of lord bigb admiral for tbe time being; every per-fen fo offending, being convicted thereof by tbe fentence of tbe court-martial, Jball be cajbiered, and be for ever afterwards rendered incapable to Jerve in any place or office in tbe naval Jervice of bis Majefiy, bis heirs and fuccejfors.

19.	If any perfon in or belonging to tbe fleet Jball make or endeavour of mutinous fo make any mutinous ajfembly upon any pretence nvbatforjer, every per- aflcmbliei, fen offending herein, and being convifted thereof by tbe fentence of tbe court-martial, Jball fuffer death: and if any perfon in or belonging to tbe Qr uttering f0„ fleet Jball utter any words of Jeditton or mutiny, be Jball Juffer death, or djfcious WonUj fucb other punijbnent as a court-martial Jball deem bim to deferve: and

jf tty officer, mariner, or feldier in or belonging to tbe fleet, Jball bebave

himfeff

Digitized by

Google

£30 Anno vicefimo fecundo Georoii 11. c. 33.	[1749.

bimfelf with contempt to bis fuperior officer, fucb fuperior officer, being ** tbe execution of bis office, be Jball be punijbed according to the nature *f bis offence by tbe judgment of a court-martial.

of concealing 20. If any perfon in tbe fleet Jball conceal any traitorous or mutinous mutinous	practice or defign, being conviBed thereof by tbe fentence of a court-mar*

pradtice,	tfa/, be Jball Juffer death, or fucb other punijbment as a court-martial

Jball think Jit; and tf any perfon, in or belonging to the fleet, Jball conceal any traitorous or mutinous words fpoken by any, to the prejudice of bis or words; Majqjty or government, or any words, praBice, or defign, tending to tbe hindrance of tbe fervice, and Jball not forthwith reveal tbe fame to tbe commanding qfficer, or being prefent at any mutiny or Jedition, Jball not ufe bis utmofl endeavours to fupprefs tbe fame, be Jball be punifrcd as a court-martial Jball think he deferves.

of endeavour-	21. If any perfon in tbe fleet Jball find caufe of complaint of tbe un-

***> ftir up wbolefomenefs of tbe viStual, or upon other jufi ground, be JbaU quietly difturbance,	t0	fa	fuperior, or captain, or commander in chief,

SSwhdfome. ** ^ occafim deferve, that fucb prefent remedy may be bad as the nefs of virtual, tnatter may require; and tbe faid fuperior, captain, or commander in chief, &c.	Jball, as far as be is able, caufe tbe fame to be prefently remedied; and

no perfon in tbe fleet, upon any fucb or other pretence, Jball attempt to JHr up any dijturbance, upon pain of fucb punijbment, as a court-martial frail think Jit to tnflift, according to tbe degree of tbe-effence.

of ftriking, 22. If any officer, mariner, foldier, or other perfon in tbe fleet, Jball bee m fuperior firike any of bis fuperior officers, or draw, or offer to draw, or lift up any officer, weapon againft bim, being in tbe execution of bis office, on any pretence wbatfoever, every fucb perfon being conviBed of any fucb offence, by tbe or difobeying J^ence of a court-martial, fballfuffer death; and if any officer, mariner, bis lawful foldier, or other perfon in tbe fleet, Jball prefume to quarrelwitb any of bis commands j fuperior officers, being in tbe execution of bis office, or (ball difobey any lawful command of any of bis fuperior officers; every fucb perfon being conviBed of any fucb offence, by tbe fentence of a court-martial, Jball fuffer death, or fucb other punijbment, as Jball, according to tbe nature and degree of bis offence, be inflated upon bim by tbe fentence of a court-martial.

of quarrelling 23- V tsny perfon in tbe fleet Jball quarrel or fight with any other perfon See orufing8 in tbe fleet, or ufe reproachful or provoking fpeecbes or geflures, tending to reproachdif make any quarrel or dijturbance, be Jball, upon being comitted thereof, fpeech j	fufferfucb punijbment as tbe offence Jball deferve, and a court-martial Jball

impofe.

\

of wafting ‘	24.	There fball be no wajteful expence of any powder, fbot, ammu-

ftoits, See* nition, or other Jtores in tbe fleet, nor any embezzlement thereof, but tbe ft ores andprevifions Jball be carefully preferved, upon pain of fucb punijbment to be infliBed upon tbe offenders, abettors, buyers, and receivers (ber ing perfons fubjeB to navaldifcipline) us Jball be by a court-martial found .	%	juft intbat behalf.

of burning 25. Every perj on in tbe fleet, who Jball unlawfully bum or jet fire to any any magazine magazine or ft ore of powder % orjbip, boat, ketch, boy, orvejfel, or tackle pr vcffel, &c. Qrfyrniture thereunto belonging, not then appertaining to an tnfmy, pirate,

of

Digitized by Google

1749*1 Anno vicefimo fecundo Geougii II. c. 33.	331

/or rebel, being conviStd of any fuck offence, by the fentence of a court-mar- not belongin fial, Jball fuffer death.	to an enemy *

stf. Care fbqfi be taken in the conducing andfleering of any of bis Ma- of negltft in jjfiy'sJbips, that through wtifulnefs, negligence, or other defaults, no Jbip he conducing Jfrandedy or run upon any rocks or fands, or fplit or hazarded, upon pain, aiM* fleering» that fucb as Jball he found guilty therein, be punijbedby death, or fucb other punijbment, as the offence by a court-martial Jball be judged to de-ferve.

a 7. No perfon in or belonging to the fleet Jball Jleep upon bis watch, or of deeping on negligently perform the duty impofed on him, or forfake bisflation, upon pain watch, See. of death, or Jucb other punijbment as a court-martial Jball think fit to im-pofe, and as the circumjlatnces of the cafe Jball require.

18. Allmurders committed hyanyperfon in the fleet, Jball bepunijbed °f murder, pritb death by thefentence of a court-martial.

*9- If any perfon in the fleet Jballcommit the unnatural and det eft able toggery, fin of buggery or Jodomy with man or be aft, be Jball be punijbed with death py the fentence of a court-martial.

30.	All robbery committed by any perfon in the fleet, Jball be punijbed with robbery, death, or otberwife, as a court-martial, upon conftderation of circwnftan-

fes, Jball find meet.

♦

31.	Every officer or other perfon in the fleet, who Jball knowingly make faM* muflers, orfign a falfe muficr or mufter-book, or who Jball command, counfel, or

. procure the making or Jigning thereof, or who Jball aid or abet any other perfon in the making or Jigning thereof, Jball, upon proof of any fucb offence being made before a court-martial, be cajbiered, and rendered incapable of further employment in bis Majefty's naval fervice.

3a. No provofi-martial belonging to the fleet Jball refufe to apprehend any criminal, whom be Jball be authorized by legal warrant to apprehend, fonerf fmP* or to receive or keep any prifoner committed to bis charge, or wilfully fuffer permitting ef« pirn to efcape, being once in bis cuftody, or dijmtfs him without lawful order, cape* j Upon pain of fucb punijbment as a court-martial Jball deem bimto deferu'e; and all captains, officers, and others in the fleet, Jball do tbeir endeavour to . detefi, apprehend, and bring to punijbment all offenders, and Jball afflfl the officers appointed for that purpofe therein, upon pain of being proceeded againft, and punijbed by a court-martial, according to the nature and degree of the offence.

33.	If any flag officer, captain, or commander, or lieutenant belonging fcandartt&jj, to the fleet, (ball beconviSed before a court-martial of behaving in a Jean- r^1?1 dalous, infamous, cruel, opprefftve, or fraudulent manner, unbecoming hariour of * the character of an officer, be Jball be dijmijfed from bis Majefty's fervice. officers §

34.	Every perfon being in aSual fervice and full pay, and part of the mutiny, decree in or belonging to any of bis Majefty's Jbips or vejjels of war, wbo fertion, or Jball be guilty of mutiny, defertion, or difobedience to any lawful com- difobedience mand, in any part if bis Majefty's dominions on Jboro, when in actual fer-011 “M>rc * ipice relative to tbefleet, Jball bp liable to be tried by a court-martial, and

~	‘	M^r

Digitized by ^ooQle

33*

Anno Ticefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 33.	[	1749^

Juffer tbe like pumfbment for every fuel offence, as if tie fame bad been committed at fea on board any of bis Majefty's flips or veffels of war.

committing 35. If any perfon who flail be in tbe afiual fervice and full pay of bis on (hore any jMajefty's /hips and veffels of war, /hall commit upon tbe /bore, in any punhhable'by ^act or	M °f	Majefty's dominions,	any of tbe crimes punijbable

Side articles, hy	articles and orders,	tbe perfon fo offending /hall be liable to	be tried

andpuni/bed for tbe fame, in like manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if tbe faid crimes bad been committed at fea, on board any of bis Majefty'sflips or veffels of war.

All other crimes not capital committed by any~perfon or perfons in tbe not ^apitTu* wbicb are not mentioned in this aft, or for wbicb no puni/bment is &c. to be pu- hereby dir eft ed to be itiflifted, flail be pwU/bed according to tbe laws and . nirtied accord- cuftoms infucb cafes ufed atfea. ing to the cu-

ftom of the III. Provided always, That no perfon convifted of any of-NoTmprifon- ^ence by the fentence of any court-martial to be held by ment to be virtue of this aft, be adjudged to be imprifoned for a longer longer than term than the fpace of two years.

two years. IV. Provided alfo. That nothing in this aft contained (hall not*to try^any cxten^» or be conftrued to extend, to impower any court-mar-otfences; * tial to be conftituted by virtue of this adl, to proceed to the pu-nifhment or trial of any of the offences fpecified in the feveralar* except thofe tides contained in this aft, or of any offence whatfoever (other *P?ci$ed in the than the offences fpecified in the fifth, thirty fourth, and thirty Seles* 3which	foregoing	articles	and	orders)	which	(hall	not	be

Shall not be committed upon the main fea, or in great rivers only, beneath committed the bridges of the faid rivers nigh to the fea, or in any haven, withm the ju- river, or creek within the jurLdiftion of the admiralty, and thel^mirSty. which foaH not be committed by fuch perfons as at the time of the offence committed (hall be in aftual fervice and full pay in the fleet or (hips of war of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceftors, fuch perfons onlv excepted, and for fuch offences only, as arc deferibed in the nfth of the foregoing articles and orders.

No foldjer on v. Provided alfo. That nothing in this aft contained (hall ex-or be conftrued to extend, to impower any court-martial be tried by a t0 be conftituted by virtue ot this aft, to proceed to the punifh-ruval court- ment or trial of any hand officer or foldier on board any tranf-martial. port (hip, for any of the offences fpecified in the feveral articles contained in this aft.

Tlieadmi- VI. And it is hereby further enafted, That from and after raltv impow- the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred e^ed to grant and forty nine, the lord high admiral of Great Britain or tbe fo™ Mina* commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of courtf mar- Great Britain fpr the time being, (hall have full power and aijr fiaj.	thority to grant commiffions to any officer commanding in chief

any fleet or fquadron of (hips of war, to call and affemble courts-commanderin martial, confiding of commanders and captains; and that in chief, dying, cafe any officer commanding in chief any fleet or fquadron of fcc. the ntxt ^ips of \yar, (who (hall be authorized by the lord high admi-

Digitized by

Google

1749.] Anno vicefimo (ecundo GE6HG11 If. c. 33.	333

ral, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high in command admiral for the time being, to call and affemble courts*martial t0 hold in foreign parts) (hall happen to die, or be recalled, or remov- ^rt8'm cd from his command, then the officer upon whom the com* mand of the faid fleet or fquadron (hall devolve, and fo, from time to time, the officer who (hall have the command of the fleet or fquadron, (hall have the fame power to call and aflemble courts-martial, as the firft commander in chief of the faid fleet or fquadron was inverted with.

VII.	Provided always, and it is herebv enabled and declared, Officer next in

That no commander in chief of any fleet or fquadron of his command Majefty’s (hips, or detachment thereof, confiding of more than where there five (hips, (hall prefide at any court-martial in foreign parts, but	**

that the officer next in command to fuch officer commanding courts-mar-in chief, (hall hold fuch court-martial, and prefide thereat$ any tial in foreign law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.	parti.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enadted, That from and after commanders the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred in chief to and forty nine, in cafe any commander in chief in any fleet or impower the fquadron of his Majesty’s (hips or veffels of war in foreign parts,

(hall detach any part of fuch fleet or fquadron, every comman- °n fcplrate0*1 der in chief (hall, and he is hereby authorized and required, by fervice to . writing under his hand, to impower the chief commander of the hold courts* fquadron or detachment fo ordered on fuch feparate fervice (and martial* in cafe of his death or removal, the officer to whom the command of fuch feparate fquadron or detachment (hall belong) to hold courts-martial, during the time of fuch feparate fervice, or until the commander of the faid detachment for the time being (hall return to his commander in chief, or (hall come under the command of any other his fuperior officer, or return to Great Britain or Ireland.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled. That Iffiveormoi* if any five or more of his Majesty’s (hips or veffels of war, (hall mect m happen to meet together in foreign parts, then and in fuch cafe, [h^JfnioTof-it (hall be lawful for the fenior officer of the faid (hips or veffels £cer t0 hold" to hold courts martial, and prefide thereat, from time to time, courts-martial as there (hall be occafion, during fo long time as the faid (hips

or veffels of war, or any five or more of them, (hall continue together.

X.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it alfo enabled, That where Where the any material objection occurs, which may render it improper [Command for the perfon who is next in command to the fenior officer or pr^de. commander in chief of any fleet or fquadron of his Majesty’s

(hips of war in foreign parts to hold courts-martial, or prefide thereat, in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the lord high admiral, or commifiioners for executing the offiefe of lord high admiral for the time being, as alfo the commander in chief of any fuch fleet or fquadron of his Majesty’s (hips in foreign parts, refpec-tively to appoint the third officer in command to prefide at, or bold fuch court-martial.

XI.	And it is hereby further enabled. That from and after

the

Digitized by v^ooQle

number.

$34	Anno	vicefimo fecundo GfioRoll It, c.33,	tl74$

Tbe admiral- the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred ty impowered and forty nine, it lhall be lawful for the lord high admiral of to apj>oint of- Qreai £rUajtht ^ the commiffiooers for executing the office of totw of Great lord high admiral for the time being, and they arc hereby ref* Britain, fcc. pediiveTy authorized, from tiftieto time, as there lhall be occa* to hold courts- fion, to diredfc any flag officer, or captain of any of bis Majcf* martiai* ty’s (hips of war, who fhall be in any port of Great Britain ot Ireland, to hold courts-martial in any fuch port, provided fuch flag officer or captain be the firft, fecond, or third in command of fuch port, as (hall be found mod expedient, and for the good of his Majesty’s fervice; and fuch flag officer or captain, to directed to hold courts-martial, fhall prefide at fuch court-martial ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And it is hereby further enadted. That from and after Court-martial the twenty fifth day of Deember, one thoufand feven hundred of^ore°than an<* ^orty r^nc> no court-martial, to be held or appointed by 13, nor left virtue of this prefent ad, fhall confift of more than thirteen, or than 5 officers, of lefs than five perfbns, to be compofed of fuch flag officers, captains, or commanders then and there prefent, as are next in feniority to the officer who prefides at the court-martial.

The officer XIII. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority not to direa aforefaid. That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be tbejmrticular conftrued to extend, to authorize or impower the lord high ad-miral, or the coinmiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, or any officer impowered to order or hold courts-martial, to diredfc or afeertain the particular number of perfbns of which any court-martial, to be held or appointed' by virtue of this prefent ad, (hall confift.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and declared, That in cafe any court-martial (hall, by virtue of this ad, captains, the be appointed to he held at any place where there are not lefs than prefident to three, nor yet fo many as five officers of the degree and deno-m^enTun- mination ot a poft captain, or of a fuperior rank to be found, der that rank, then it fhall be lawful for the officer, at the place appointed toe holding fuch court-martial, who is to prefide at the fame, to call to his afliftance as many of the commanders of his Majesty’s vef-fels, under the rank and degree of a poft captain, as, together with'the poft captains then and there prefent, will make up the number of five, to hold fuch court-martial.

Penalty if a XV. And it is hereby further epa&ed, That from and after member of the the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred ffiore *after forty nine$ no member of any court-martial, after the trial trial is begun, is begun, fhall go on fhore till fentence be given, but remain on board the Chip in which the court fhall firft afiemble, except’ in cafe of ficknefs, to be judged of by the court, upon pain of being cafhiered from his Majesty’s fervice; nor fhall the pro-V Meed* ceedings of the faid court be delayed by the abfencc of any of nou!obc§c- *** members, provided a fufficientnumber doth remain to com-Vayed.	pofe the faid court, which fhall and is hereby required to fit

from day to day (Sunday always excepted) until the fentence be given.

. XVI. And

Where there are 3 poft

Digitized by Google

1749.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georoii U. c. 33.	335

XVI.	And it is hereby further enaded, That from and after Officert.com-the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred P°^n8 * . , and forty nine, upon all trials of offenders by any court-martial, to be fworo, all the officers prefent who are to conftitute the faid court-martial, (hall, before they proceed to fuch trial, take fuch oath as is herein after-mentioned, upon the holy evangelifts, before the court} which bath the judge advocate, or his deputy, or the perfon appointed to officiate as fuch, is hereby authorized and sequired to adminifter in the words following (that is to (ay)

1A- B. do/wear, That 1 will duly adminifter juftice,	to

the articles and orders eftablijbed by an altpajjed in the twenty cund year of the reign of his mojefty King George the Second, for amending,	explaining, and reducing into one all of	,	the

laws relating to the government of his MJhips, forces by fea, without partiality, favour, or	; and if any

cafe Jball arife,which is not particularly mentioned in the faid articles and orders, / will duly adminifter juftice according to my the beft of my underftanding, and the cuftom of toe navy in the like cafes i and I do further	fwear,That I will not upon any account,	at

any time whatfoever, difclofe or difcover the vote or opinion of any particular member of this	court-martial,unlefs thereunto required by aH

*fparliament.

So help me God.

And fo foon as the faid oath (hall have been adminiftered to the refpe&ive members, the prefident of the court is hereby autho- be*" rizcd and required to adminifter to the judge advocate, orlbe (worn, perfon officiating as fuch, an oath in the following words:

I A B. do fwear. That I will not upon any account at any time whatfoever, diftlqj'e or difcover the vote or opinion of any particular member of this court-martial,unlefs thereunto required by a& ofparliament.

So help me God.

XVII.	And it is hereby further eaaded. That from and af- Penalty of refer the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hun- to 8iv* dr«d and forty nine, in cafe any perfon in the fleet, being call- ^^rieiting, ed upon to give .evidence at any court-martial, (lull refiife to bid of con-8* give his evidence upon oath, or (hall prevaricate in his evidence, tempt to the or bebave with contempt to the court, it (hall and may be law- court * ful for fuch court-martial to puni(h every fuch offender by im~ prifonment, at the diferetion of the court, fuch imprifonment not to continue longer than three months, in cafe of fuch refu-fal or prevarication, nor longer than one month in the cafe of fuch contempt; and that all and every perfon and perfons who (hall commit any wilful perjury, in any evidence or examination of perjury, or upon oath at any fuch court-martial, or who (hall corruptly pro- fuboroanon. cure or fuborn any perfon to commit fuch wilful perjury, (hajl

and

Digitized

1 by Google

335	Anno vicelimo fecundo GeoRGH II. c.

and may be profecuted in his Majesty’s court of Ktnjfs Bench, by indidtment or information; and ever^ iflue joined in any fuch indictment or information (hail be tried by good and lawful men of the county of Middlefexy or fuch other county as the faid court of King's Bench (hall direCt; and all and every perfon and perfons,* being lawfully convidked upon any filch inaidfment or information (hall be puni(hed with fuch pains and penalties, 5 Eli*, c. $. as are inflicted for the like offences refpeCtively by two adh of parliament, the one made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft for punijhment of fuch perfons as jball sGeo.s.c. *5. procure or commit any wilful perjury; and the other made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for the more effectual preventing and further punijhment of for-gery> per jury y and fubornation of perjury; and to make it felon) to The offence fiea^ bonaty notesy or other fecurities for payment of money. only to be fet XVIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, forth in in-	That in every information or indictment to be profecuted by

formation,&c. virtue of this aCt for any fuch offence, it (hall be fufficientto fet forth the offence charged upon the defendant, without fating forth the commiflion or authority for holding the court-martial, and without fetting forth the particular matter tried or to Report to be be tried, or directed or intended to be tried before fuch court, made to the XIX. And it is hereby further enaCted, That from and af-admindty, ter the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hun-fentenceof dredand forty nine, no fentence of death given by any court-death, except martial held within the narrow feas (except in cafes of mutiny) in cafes of (hall be put in execution till after the report of the procecdinp mutiny, cf tfcc fey court {hall have been made to the lord high admiral or the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high id* miral, and his or their directions (hall have been given therein; and if the faid court (hall have been held beyond the narrow feas, then fuch fentence of death (hall not be carried into execution but by order of the commander of the fleet or fquad* ron wherein fentence was paffed; and in cafes where fen* tence of death (hall be paffed in any fquadron, detached from any other fleet or fquadron upon a feparate fervice, then fuch fentence of death (except in cafes of mutiny) (hall not be put in execution, but by order of the commander of the fleet or fquadron from which fuch detachment (hall have been made, or of the lord high admiral, or commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral; and in cafes where fentence of death (hall be paffed in any court-martial held by the fenior officer of five or more of his Majesty’s (hips, whitn (hall happen to meet together in foreign parts purfuant to dfc power hereip before given, then fuch fentence of death (except in cafes of mutiny) (hall not be carried jmo execution bothy order of the lord high admiral, or commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral.

XX.	And be it further enadfed and declared, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thouland feven

huo*

Digitized by LjOOQle

1749*] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 33*	337

hundred and forty nine, the judge advocate of any fleet for the Judge advo-time being, or his deputy, (hall have full power and authority, and is hereby required to adminifter an oath to any witnefs at witnefl*es.4 any trial by court-martial; and in the abfence of the judge advocate and his deputy, the court-martial (hall have full power and authority to appoint any perfon to execute the office of judge advocate.

XXI.	And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid, £^1** That from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thou- refpe^to fand feven hundred and forty nine, all the powers given by the crews of (hips feveral articles and orders eftablifhed by this a<£l, (hall remain loft or deftroy-and be in full force with refpedt to the crews of fuch of his Ma- cd*

jetty’s (hips as (hall be wrecked, or beotherwife loft or deftroy-ed ; and all the command, power, and authority given to the officers of the faid (hip or (hips, (hall remain and be in full force as effe&ually as if fuch (hip or (hips to which they did belong were not fo wrecked, Joft, or deftroyed, until they (hall be regularly difeharged from his Majesty’s further fervice, or removed into fome other of his Majesty’s (hips of war, or until a court-martial (hall be held, purfuant to the cuftom of the navy in fuch cafes, to enquire into the caufes of the lofs of the faid (hip or (hips:	0£

and if upon fuch enquiry it (hall appear by the fentence of the fuch fjdp9 rc-court-martial that all, or any of the officers or feamen of the faidferved.

(hip or (hipsdid their utmoft to preferve, get off,or recover the faid (hip or (hips, and lince the lofs thereof have behaved themfelyes obediently to their fuperior officers, according to the difeipline of the navy and the faid articles and orders herein before efta-blifhed, then all the pay and wages of the faid officers and feamen, or of fuch of them as (hall have done their duty as aforefaid, (hall continue and go on, and be paid to the time of their difeharge or death ; or if they (hall be then alive, to the time of the holding of fuch court-martial, or removal into fome other of his Majesty’s (hips of war, and every fuch officer and feaman of any of his Majesty’s (hips of war, who after the wreck or lofs of his (hip, (hall adt contrary to the difeipline of the navy, and the feveral articles and orders herein before eftablifhed, or any of them, (hall be fentenced by the faid court-martial, and punifh-ed as if the (hip to which he did belong was not fo wrecked, loft, or deftroyed.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed. That from and after the Thepayofthe faid twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred officers and and forty nine, all the pay and wages of fuch officers and fea- ^ncJ,*ken ^ men of any of his Majesty’s (hips as are taken by the enemy, wh0Chavebe-and upon enquiry at a court-martial lhall appear by the fentence haved well, of the faid court to have done their utmoft to defend the faid referved.,

(hip or (hips, and (ince the taking thereof, to have behaved themfelves obediently to their fuperior officers, according to the difeipline of the navy, and the faid articles and orders herein before eftabli(hed, (hall continue and go on, and be paid, from

the time of their being fo taken, to the time of the holding of fuch court-martial, or until they (hall be regularly difeharged Irom his Majesty’s fervice, or removed into fome other of his Yol. XIX.	Z	Ma-

Digitized by v^.ooQle

338	Anno vlcefimo fecundo GeoRGII II. C.33.	[4749,

Majefty’s (hips of war, or (if they (hall die in captivity, or not live to the time of the holding of fuch court-martial) to the time of their death, in fuch manner, and not otherwife, as if the (aid (hip or (hips to which they did belong refpedively, was not, or were not.fo taken.

No perfon not XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no fuftice tcTbe Per^on or P^rfons not flying from juftice, (hall be tried or pu-tried, unlefs ni(hed by any court-martial for any offence to be committed complaint in againft this act, unlefs the complaint of fuch offence be made writing be [n writing to the lord high admiral, or to the commiflioncrs for S^rjdty C cxecut*ng the office of lord high admiral for the time being, or &c.	any commander in chief of his Majeft/s fquadrons or (hips im-

powered to hold courts-martial, or unlefs a court-martial to try or a c^urt.*Jf fuch offender (hall be ordered by the faid lord high admiral, or in three yew" the faid commiflioners, or the laid commander in chief, either or within one* within three years after fuch offence (hall be committed, or with-year after the in one year after the return of the (hip, or of the fquadron, to return of the which luch offender (hall belong, into any of the ports of Great fender	Britain or Ireland; or within one year after the return of fuch

offender into Great Britain or Ireland.

XXIV. And whereas by the faid all, intituled. An ad for Ac more effedual fuppreffingof piracy; it is among/! other things en-ailed in the following words. That thefaid captain, commander, sr other officer of the faid Jhip or veffiel of war, and all and every the owners and proprietors of fuch goods and merchandizes, put on board fuch Jhip or veffiel of war as aforefaid, /hall lofe% forfeit, and pay the value of all and every fucb goods and merchandizes fa put on board as aforefaid; one moiety of fucb full value to fuch perfon or perfons as pall make the firjl difeovery, and give information of or concerning the faid offence; the other moiety of fuch full value, to and for tbs ufe of Greenwich Hofpital; all which forfeitures /ball and may be filed for and recovered in the high court of admiralty: now for making the faid in part recited ad more ufeful and effedual, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the Penalty on of- twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ficers receiv forty nine, if any captain, commander, or other officer of any board of his Majesty’s (nips or veflels, (hall receive on board, or per-goods.	jnit, or fuffer t0 be received on board fuch (hip or vefiei, any

goods or merchandizes, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the eighteenth article in this ad before-mentioned and hereby enaded, every fuch captain, commander, or other officer (hall, for every fuch offence, over and above any punifoment inflided by this ad, forfeit and pay the value of all and every fuch goods and merchandizes fo received or permitted, or fuffered to be received on board as aforefaid, or the fum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, at the election of the informer, or perfon who (hall fue for the fame, (b that no more than one of thefe penalties or forfeitures (hall be fued for and recovered by virtue of this and the faid in part recited ad, or either of tnem, againft the fame perfon, for one and the feme offence; one moiety of which penalties or forfeitures

Digitized by

1749-] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 34,35.'	£39

Cures fhall be forfeited and paid to the perfon who (hall inform Application of or fue for the fame, and the other moiety thereof, to and for thc forfeiture, the ufe of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, which forfeiture (hall be fued for, and recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or in- Method of formation, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weflmin- recovery. fttr, or in thehigh court of admiralty, at the eleftion of the informer, or perfon who (hall fue for the fame ; and the court ihall award fuch cofts to the parties, as (hall be juft; and in all cafes where judgement or fentence (hall be given againft any fuch offender, the court where fuch judgement or fentence (hall The court to be given, (hall, with all convenient fpeed, certify the fame to Cjrt,-fyalt0 the lord high admiral, or to the commiffioners for executing the fud^ment* * faid office.

XXV.	Provided ahvays, That nothing in this a& contained. Limitation of fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend to take away from the P^ers °* lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the com miffioners for ex- 5 ecuting the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or any

vice admiral, or any judge or judges of the admiralty, or his or their deputy or deputies, or any other officers or minifters of the admiralty, or any others having or claiming any admiral power jurisdi&ion, or authority within this realm, or any other the King’s dominions, or from any perfon or court whatfoever, any power, right, jurisdiftion, pre-eminence, or authority,

"which he or they, or any of them, lawfully hath, have, or had, or ought to have and enjoy, before the making of this a<ft, fo as the fame perfon (hall not be punifhed twice for the fame offence.

XXVI.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enafted, That the Repealofthe repeal of the faid before recited ftatutes, or any part thereof, or notto any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be deemed to ™o\d profecu* extend to difcharge or avoid, or prevent any profecution or fuit tions tor of-commenced, or at any time hereafter to be commenced againft fences com-any perfon or perfons, for any offence committed on or before

the faid twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hun-	CC#

dred and forty nine, or to be committed againft the faid ftatutes, or any part or parts thereof, but that all perfons who have been or (hall, before the faid twenty fifth day of December, be guilty of any fuch offence, fhall and may be profecuted, filed, condemned, and punifhed for the fame, as well after as before the laid twenty fifth day of December, a$ if the faid ftatutes had not been repealed.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft made in the

third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a& for mak> ing a new road, and for repairing and amending the ancient road between the towns of Wijbech and March, in tbe ifle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

The afl 3 .Geo a. c. 24. continued for 21years.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft for, repairing and widening the road leading from the town of	>

Kingfton upon Thames, in the county of Surry, to a place called Sheet-

X %	bridge,

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 36.	[17451

bridge, near Petersfield, in the county of Southampton j and ai(b the road from Hindhead Heath, through Femhurft Lane and Midhurft, tt the city of Chichefter, in the county of Suffex.

Certain tolls grantedfor z \ years.

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft for the more effectual preventing the importation and wear of foreign embroidery and brocade, and of gold ad Jilver thready lacey or other work made of gold or fiber wire manufactured in foreign parts.

HERE AS great quantities of foreign embroidery, gold and v y filver thready lacey fringey and brocade, continue to be dad) brought intOy and fold within this kingdomy and great fums of mntj are daily exported out of this kingdom for the buying andfetching in of thofe commodities y the importation whereof is contrary to fevered ads of parliament made for prohibiting the fame: forredrefs whereof, be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty,byand with thead-vice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in thisprefent parliament a(Tembled,and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of Jufyy one thouland Penalty on im- feven hundred and forty nine, no foreign embroidery, or gold, «iennfrnbroi- or ^vcr brocade, (hall be imported or brought into Great Britoiny dery, or gold upon pain of being forfeited and burnt, and upon the further or nlver bro- penalty of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Bri-cade.	t0	be paid by the importer thereof for each piece or parcel

fo imported.

Vender# or II. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That

cm- *TOm anc* a^cr ^ ^ day °* one t^ou^anc^ fcvcn SryC,m&V dred aiK* forty n*ne» mercer, laceman, haberdafher, upholder, to forfeit 100I. milliner, taylor, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever, (hall and the gar. vend, utter, fell, or expofe to fale, or exchange, barter, truck, ment to be or otherwife difpofe of, any foreign embroidery, gold, or filver umt#	thread, lace, fringe, brocade, or any other work made thereof,

or of gold or filver wire, or plate, wove, wrought, fabricated, or manufactured in foreign parts, or few, work, or make up the fame, for, in, or upon any garment or wearing apparel what-foever, upon pain that all and every fuch foreign embroidery, gold or filver thread, lace, fringe, brocade, or other work made thereof, or of gold or filver wire, or plate, fo fold or expofed to fale, exchanged, bartered, trucked, or difpofed of, or fewed, worked, or made up, for, in, or upon any garment or wearing apparel, and the garment, wearing apparel, or other materials, ' in, with, or upon which the fame (hall be fo fewed, wrought, or made up, (hah be forfeited and burnt; and all and every perfon or perfons who (hall vend, utter, fell, or expofe to fale, exchange, barter, triick, or difpofe of, or knowingly few, work, pr make up, or caufe or procure to be worked or made up, for, in, or upon any garment or wearing apparel, any fuch foreign embroidery, gold or filver thread, lace, fringe, brocade, orother Work, wove, wrought, fabricated^ or manufactured in foreign

pan*

Digitized by

Google

1749*] Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgii II. C. 36.	341

Parts, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds of Jawful money of Great Britain.	,

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Foreign em-That all foreign embroidery and gold or filver thread, lace, 2!iij be fringe, brocade, or other work made thereof, or of gold or fil- fejzed after 1 vcr wire or plate, wove, wrought, fabricated, or manufactured Tuly, 1749, to in foreign parts* which, after tl>e faid firfl day of July, one b« burnt, thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, (hall be feized within

this kingdom, whether the fame mall be mixed with, fewed on, or made up, together with any other goods or materials, or other-wife, and the apparel, garment or other materials, in, with, or upon which the fame (hall be mixed, fewed, or made up, (hall be forfeited, and after condemnation (hall be burnt; and the mercer, andthedealer, laceman, haberdafher, upholder, milliner, taylor, or other deal- &c-t0 forfeit cr in, or vender or maker up of, any of the faid manufactures,100 * in whofe houfe, warehoufe, cuftody, or pofleflion the fame (hall be fo found and feized, being thereof convicted, (hall, for each piece or parcel of fuch foreign embroidery, gold or filver thread, lace, fringe, brocade, or other work made thereof, or of gold or filver wire or plate, that (hall be feized and found in his, her, or their houfe, (hop, warehoufe, cuftody, or pofleflion as aforefaid, and which (hall have been brought, placed, or continued there, with his, her, or their knowledge, privity, or confent, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That The embroi-all foreign embroidery, gold or filver thread, lace, fringe, bro- dery, See. with cade, or other work made thereof, or of gold or filver wire or the garments, plate feized by virtue of this or any other aCt, (hall, after con-to ** burnt# demnation, be together with the garment, wearing apparel, or

other materials, in, with, or upon which the fame lhall bfe, mixed, fewed, wrought, or made up, publickly burnt at fuch places as the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England or Scotland refpeCtively (hall direCt.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That Profecution of the feveral penalties and forfeitures in this act mentioned, (hall penalties^ and may be profecuted and determined by bill, plaint, or infor- a.nd aPPhca-mation in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at TVeflmitiJler,tlon*

or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpeCtively, wherein no eflbin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; and one moiety of the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be to the ufe of the King’s majefty, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as will fuc for or profecute the fame.

VI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That The proof to if any queftion or doubt (hall arife, where the faid goods were ^ .uP°n thc manufactured, the proof (hall lie*Upon the owner or claimer Qfclaimcr* fuch goods, or the perfon profecuted for being guilty of an offence againft this act, and not upon the profecutor; any law,

ulage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided always, That nothing in this aCt contained The wearer to

Z 3	lhallinSurno P«-

J	'	ualty.

Digitized by L,ooq le

Anno vicefimo iecundo Georgii II. C.37.	[1749.

(hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to inflift any penalty on the wearer of any foreign embroidery, gold or filver thread, lace, fringe, brocade, or other work made thereof, or of gold or filver wire or plate; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Limitation of	VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared,

adtions. That all informations, bills, aftions, and fuits, that (hall be had, brought, commenced, fued, or exhibited for any forfeiture or offence committed againft this or any of the former afts of parliament, which prohibit the importation or fale of foreign embroidery, gold or filver thread, lace, fringe, brocade, or other work made thereof, or of gold or filver wire or plate, or any of them, (hall and may be had, brought, commenced, fued, and exhibited within twelve calendar mpnths after the difeovery of fuch offence, and in cafe of feizure, within three months after fuch feizure (hall be made; any former aft or law to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued or profecuted for what either he or they (hall do in the execution of this aft, he or they General iffue. may plead the general ifiue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their aftion or aftions; or if a verdift (hall pafs againft him, her, or them, the defendant Treble cofts. or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, for which they (hall have the like remedy, as in other cafes where cofts are allowed to defendants.

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft for the better feettring bis Majefty's duties arifing upon coal7 culm, and cinders, exported beyond fea.

WHEREAS by the laws now in force, the majlers of all Jbips and vfffcls ufed and employed in carrying coals, culm, and cinders coajhwife, from port to port within the kingdom of Great Britain, do at the feveral and rejpeflive ports, where and at the time when coals, culm, and cinders are Jhipped or laden on board their Jbips or vejfels, enter into bond to his Majejly with faurity for the delivery of their refpeftive ladings of coals, culm, and cinders in fome other fort or creek in Great Britain; and whereas many of the faid majlers ofJhips and veffels fo laden with coals, culm, or cinder s, to be carried coajlwife, do, under pretence of being forced by contrary winds and Jlrefs of weather, carry and convey, and difpofe of their faid ladings of coals, culm, and cinders in foreign parts beyond the feas, without having firfl paid the cuftoms and overfea duties due to his Majejly for the fame upon the exportation thereof and which they ought to have paid at the port where their cargoes of coals, culm, or cinders were laden, before the departure out of the Jaid port; which praftiu tends to the promoting and encouraging of frauds and is a great prejudice to the publick revenue: therefore, for the preventing fuch fraudulent praftices, and the confequences thereof for the future, be it enafted by the King’s raoft excellent majefty, by and

6	with



Digitized by L^ooQle

343

1749*3 Anno vicefimo fecundo Georcii If. c.37.

with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth N° officer to day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hun-dred and forty nine, it (hall not be lawful for any collector, herein coals comptroller, cuftomer, furveyor, fearcher, waiter, or other of- were export* ficer or officers of the cuftoms whatfoever, or their deputy or ed, deputies, in any port, harbour, haven, creek, or other place whatfoever within the kingdom of Great Britain, to clear outwards any (hip or veflel whatfoever wherein coals, culm, or cinders (hall have been exported and carried from any port or place whatfoever in Great Britain^ to any port or place whatfoever in parrs beyond the feas, nor to fign, iflue forth, or grant any warrant, cocquet, Jett-pafs, tranfire, fufferance, return, difeharge, or other difpatch or difpatches, of any nature or kind whatfoever, for the clearing outwards, either for a coafting or a foreign voyage, any fuch (hip or veflel wherein coals, culm, or cinders (hall have been laden in Great Britain, and delivered in foreign parts, or for the loading or laying on board thereon, any goods or merchandize whatfoever, nor to permit or fuffer any fuch (hip or veflel to go out of any port, harbour, haven, creek, or other place whatfoever in Great Britain, until the mafler, com- until the cu-mander, or other perfon or perfons taking charge or care of any ftoms due for fuch (hip or veflel, or the owner or owners thereof, or fome or the laft voyage one of them, (hall and do pay, or caufe to be paid, all the cuf- ^^fi^tepro-toms and duties due and payable for and in refpedt of fuchduced. P coals, culm, or cinders fo carried and exported into parts beyond the feas, in fuch (hip or other veflel the lafl preceding voyage (he made, or until they (hall and do produce and (hew unto fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms, or their deputy or deputies, an authentick certificate under the hands and feais of the office of the collector, cuftomer, and comptroller, or other chief officer or officers of the cuftoms, of or belonging to the port, harbour, haven, creek, or other place in Great Britain, where the coals, culm, or cinders (fo exported and conveyed into foreign parts) wer6 firft (hipped and laden on board fuch (hip or veflel, iignifying that fuch mafter, commander, owner, or other perfon, or fome or one of them, or their agents, hath fully anfwered, paid, and fatisiied all and every the cuftoms and other duties due and payable to his Majesty, For all fuch coals, culm, and cinders, fo carried and exported into foreign parts beyond the feas as aforefaid, hy fuch (hip or other veflel the laft preceding voyage made by fuch (hip or veflel; and in cafe any officer or officers of the cuftoms, or his deputy, (hall, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June> one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, clear any (hip or veflel outwards, or fign or grant any warrant, cocquet, lett-pafs, tranfire, fufferance, return, difenarge, or other difpatch whatfoever, either for the clearing fuch (hip or veflel outwards, for a foreign or coafting voyage, or for the loading or laying on board thereon any goods or merchandizes whatfoever, or (hall permit or fuffer any

Z4	fuch

Digitized by Google

Limitation of a&ions;

344 Anno vicefimo fccondo Georgii II. c. 37.	[1749.

fuch (hip or veflel to go out of any port, harbour, haven, creek, or other place in Great Britain, before the cuftome, and other duties, due for all the coals, culm, or cinders exported in her, the laft preceding voyage (he made, be folly paid and fatisficd to his Majesty, or until a certificate of the payment thereof at ibme other port, be produced in the manner and form herein before mentioned; all and every fuch officer and officers, or his or their refpeCtive deputy or deputies, fo a&ing contrary to the true intent and meaning of this afhal!, for every fuch Penalty jool. otfence, forfeit and lofe the fum of orte hundred pounds to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at lVejt-mmjiery or in the court of Exchequer at Edinburgh refpe&ively j wherein no efloin, prote&ion, wager at law, or more than on* imparlance (hall be allowed.

II.	And be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid, That if any aCtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this a<St, the defen-General ifliie. dant or defendants in fuch adtion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and* give this adt, and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the^uthority of this ad; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difcoo-tinue his adtion after the defendant (hall have appeared, or if judgment (hall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer again# the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (ball and may recover Treble cofti. treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the feme, as defendants have in other cafes by law.

Penalty on HI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforehid, in alters of That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Juney one (hips, wherein thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, if any mailer, com-b^lad^n^tobe manc*er> or other perfon, taking charge or care of any (hip or ca-ried coaft- .other veffel whatfoever, whereon coals, culm, and cinders (hall wife, proceed- be laden in any port, harbour, haven, creek, or other place in ing with the Great Britain, in order to be carried coaftwife to fome other port or place within the realm, or having given bond accordingly, (hall proceed with his faid loading of coals, culm, or cinders, to parts beyond feas, and there unlade, deliver, and dif-pofe of the fame, or any part thereof, not being compelled thereto by ftrefs of weather, or other lawful necelTity, all and every fuch matters, commander, or other perfon, taking charge or care of fuch (hip or veffel, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay for every chaldron of coals, culm, or cinders fo exported, unladen, delivered, and difpofed of, contrary to the tenor and true meaning of this adt, the fum of five (hillings, overand above all duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, for or in refpedt of the feme, to be recovered by adfcion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at H'rjlminjleri or in the court of Exchequer at Edinburgh jrefpedtively, wherein no effpin, protection* wager of law, or i	’	more

fame beyond the leas.

Digitized by

Google

345

1749 ]	Anno vicefimo fccundo GeoRGII II. c. 38.

more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; one moiety of which forfeiture (hall be to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuceeflors, and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons as (hall inform or fue for the fame.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An all to prevent the mifchiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in any one place, or carrying too great quantities of gunpowder together from one place to another.

WHEREAS great quantities of gunpowder are frequently lodged in warehoufesy or other edifies, within or near to cities and market towns, to the apparent danger of the lives and fortunes of many thousands of his Majefiy's Jubjefls: therefore, for preventing the mifeniefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in anyone place, or carrying too great quantities of gunpowder together from one place to another, be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one No perfon to ' thou fa nd feyen hundred and forty nine, it (hall not be la wful keep for more for any perfon or perfons to have or keep gunpowder for more than 14 hours, than the fpace of twenty four hours at any one time, in greater 4*o quantity than four hundred pounds weight, in any houfe, (lore- ne£^anycity, houfe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, or other place, in any city, or &c. the fuburbs thereof, or in any market town, or within one hundred yards diftance thereof, within that part of Great Britain called England, or within two miles of any of the King’s palaces, or houfes of refidence, or within one mile of any of the King’s magazines for keeping gunpowder; nor (hall it i>e law- nor above fill for any perfon or perfons to have or keep, for more than the 300 wt.in any fpace of twenty four hours at any one time, a greater quantity place, than thirty hundred pounds weight of gunpowder, in any houfe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, or vault, or in any other place whatfoever, within that part of Great Britain called England, except as hereafter is excepted.

II. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, That s Juftices on from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand application of feven hundred and forty nine, it (hall and may be lawful for ^^u(hoKi-any two or more juftices of the peace for the county, riding, erg| lojffuc divifion, city, town, or place, wherein any perfon or perfons fearch war-making, dealing, or trading in gunpowder, or having gunpow- rants, &c. der in his, her, or their keeping or pofleffion, in any houfe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, or other place, (hall refide, upon demand made, and a reafonable caufe affigned for fuch demand, by any pari(h officer, or by any two or more houlhol-ders inhabiting within any parifh or place, wherein fuch gunpowder is fo kept, to iflue a warrant or warrants for fearching, in the day-time, fuch houfe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar,

or

and if there Ihall be any greater quantity found, the fame to be forfeited.

Full cofts.

Limitation of a&ions.

Upon feizure the gunpowder may be removed. Sec,

Nor greater quantity than a 5 C. wt to be earned at any one time in any land carriage;

no greater than 50 C. wt

in any open veffel $

and the carriages to be covered,

and the barrels clofe hooped.

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c.38.	[*749-

or other place; and for that purpofe to break open the door of fuch houfe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, or other place, if there ihall be occaGon; and if upon fuch fearch more than four hundred pounds weight of gunpowder (hall be found in any houfe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, or other place; in any city, or fuburbs thereof, or in any market town, or within one hundred yards diftance thereof, or within two miles of any of the King’s palaces, or houfes of refidence, or within one mile of any of the King’s magazines for keeping gunpowder, or more than thirty hundred pounds weight in any other place (except as herein after is excepted) all iuch gunpowder exceeding the refpeltive quantities before-mentioned, (hall be feixed and forfeited to any perfon or perfons who will inform and fue for the fame, by any action, bill, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfier \ which courts are hereby impowered and required to give judgment in fuch actions, bills, or informations to be brought upon this ad for the recovery of fuch gunpowder in fpecie, or for the value thereof, together with full cofts, and to award effectual execution thereon ; provided fuch fuit or a&ion be commenced within three calendar months next after fuch forfeiture or penalty (hall be incurred, and (hall be profecuted without wilful delay; and upon fuch feizure it (hall and may be lawful for the (earchers or perfons finding the fame, to remove, or caufe fuch gunpowder fo feized to be removed out of the limits aforefaid, and to detain and keep the fame until it (hall be determined in one of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJiminJler, whether the fame (hall be forfeited by virtue of this ad; and the perfon or perfons fo (easing or detaining the fame, (hall not be fubjed or liable to any adion or fuit tor fo feizing or detaining the fame, other than for any damage which fuch gunpowder (hall or may receive during the time the fame (hall be fo detained.

III.	And for preventing mifehiefo which may happen from conveying great quantities of gunpowder from one place to another, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, 7'hat' from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons to convey, at any one time, in any waggon, cart, or other carriage, within that part of Great Britain called England> a greater quantity of gunpowder than twenty five hundred pounds weight; nor (hall any perfon or perfons carry or convey, at any one time, in any open barge, boat, or veflel, upon any river, within the diftance of one mile from any city or market town,

’ a greater quantity of gunpowder than fifty hundred pounds weight; and all (uch gunpowder, which (hall be carried or conveyed in any waggon, cart, or other carriage, after the tune a-forefaid, (hall be carried in covered carts and carriages, and tbe barrels in which fuch gunpowder is carried in waggons, carts, or carriages, barges, boats, or veftels, (hall be clofejoined and hooped, and fecured in fuch manner, as that no part thereof be fcauered in the paflage; and if any gunpowder mail be carried

Digitized by

Google

v 749 ] Anno viceGmo fecundo Georgii II. c. 38.	347

ried or conveyed in any greater quantities refpeftively, or in any other manner than as before direfted, all fuch gunpowder (hall and may be feized by any perfon or perfons, ana upon due proof penalty, of the offence made before two or more juftices of the peace,

(hall be forfeited to the ufe of the informer or informers.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That penalty of from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, orie thou- cAreleffhefe in fand feven hundred and forty nine, if any pedon or perfons, P*rfo,'s em-who (hall be employed in any (torehoufe or warehoufe wheregu^wderb gunpowder is kept, or in carrying or conveying gunpowder £ept, Gr in from one place to another, (hall wilfully commit any aft, where- conveying the by fuch gunpowder may be in danger of taking fire; every per- famc* fon fo offending, and being thereof convifted before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, (hall forfeit and pay to the informer, immediately upon fuch conviftion, the fum of five shillings for every hundred pounds weight of gunpowder contained in fuch ftorehoufe or warehoufe, or which fuch perfon (hall be employed in carrying or conveying from one place to another 5 and in cafe of nonpayment thereof, (hall be committed to the publick gaol, there to remain without bail or main-prize, for any time not exceeding the fpace of fix calendar months, as fuch juftice or juftices (hall think fit.

V.	Provided always. That this aft, or any thing herein con- Placet, &e. tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend to any ftore- exempted, houfe or magazine belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors, wherein gunpowder or other (lores (hall be kept, or to hinder the proving or trying gunpowder for his Majesty’s officers, as is ufual for the fervice of his Majesty, hi6 heirs or fuc-cefiors, or to the carrying of gunpowder to or from any of his Majesty’s magazines, or with forces on their march, or to any , mills already built and ufed for the making of gunpowder, or to any (lorehoufes, warehoufes, or other offices near or adjoining to fpeh mills, or to the magazines now erefted for keeping gunpowder at Barkin Creel's mouth, in the county of EJfeXy and Erith Level in the county of Kenty or to the magazines or warehoufes now erefted near Liverpool in the county of LancaJUr.

VI.	And whereas it may be necejfary hereafter to ere ft warehoufes for leeping gunpowder in places remote from cities and towns; but fcrafmucb as the perfon or perfons, who may be defirous to ere ft fucb warehoufes, may be liable to aftions or dillurbance on that account, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the juftices of the Quarter fed peace for each county, riding, or divifion, within that part of fions may ap-Grcat Britain called Englandy (hall, at their general quarter fef-(ions of the peace to be holden for the faid counties, ridings, warehoufe? or divifions refpeftively, upon application made to them for that for gunpow-purpofe, appoint proper and convenient plots of ground, at the der; diftance of two miles from any city or market town, not exceeding two acres in any one place, with the ufe of convenient roads leading thereto; on which plots of ground fo appointed, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons defirous fo to do* to erc<$ warehoufes for keeping gunpowder in any quantity,

firft

Digitized by Google

$p fettle the ▼alueof the grounds.

Sum not to exceed 30 years pur-chafe.

348	Anno	vicefimo fecundo Georcii II. c. 38.	[1749.

firlt agreeing with the owners and proprietors of the faid grounds for the fame 5 and in cafe any fuch owner or proprietor (hall and in cafe of refufe or neglect to agree, or by reafon of any difability or im-difference,&c. pediment cannot fo agree, the juftices of the peace for the coun-appoint a jury	riding, divifion, or place where fuch plot of ground (hall lie,

(nail, at their general quarter feflions, iflue their warrant or warrants to the (heriff of that county, to impanel and return before them, af fuch times and places as (hall be appointed in fuch warrant or warrants, a fufficient jury, who, upon their oaths (which oaths the faid juftices are hereby refpedtively im-powered to adminifter) (hall enquire into the true value of the faid plot or plots of ground, with the ufe of convenient roads leading thereto, fo to be appointed for gunpowder warehoufes as aforefaid; and all fuch verdidls and inquifitions (hall be kept with the records of the faid feflions refpeiftively, and the judgements and decrees of the faid juftices refpedtively thereupon (hall be final and conclufive to all parties 5 and to that end, the faid juftices refpe&ively (hall have power to fend for any perfon or perfons interefted, and to examine any parties or witnefles upon oath, as they (hall think fit (all which oaths the faicfrefpe&ive juftices are hereby impowered to adminifter) and the fum or fums of money to be aflefled and adjudged as aforefaid, not exceeding thirty years purchafe, (hall be paid to the refpe&ive proprietors and owners of the faid ground, according to their refpective in-terefts therein, to be adjudged by the faid juftices refpedlively as aforefaid; and upon fuch payment, or in cafe of refufal to accept the fame, then upon leaving the fame with the refpe<ftive juftices, for the benefit of fuch owner or proprietor, the inheritance of the faid plot or plots of ground, and ufe of the faid roads leading thereto, (hall be veiled in the purchafers thereof, and their heirs and afllgns, for the purpofes aforefaid, and not otherwife ; and the warehoufes which (hall be eredted thereon, (hall be built, from time to time, in fuch manner, as will moft effe&ually render them fafe and fecure.

VII.	And it is hereby dec’ared by the authority aforefaid. That no forfeiture or penalty (hall be incurred upon account of gunpowder kept in greater quantities than thirty hundred pounds weight, within any warehoufeor magazine already built for that purpofe, unlefs the juftices of the peace of the county or place wherein fuch warehoufe is built, at their quarter feflions, (hall, upon complaint thereof made by any two or more of the inhabitants of or near that place, adjudge the fame to be dangerous and uofafe, and until the expiration of fix calendar months next after fuch adjudication; and provided fuch warehoufe or maga* zine be not fituate in any city, or the fuburbs thereof, or in any market town, or within one hundred yards diftance thereof, or within two miles of any of his Majesty’s palaces or houfes of refidence, or within one mile of any magazine belonging to his Majeftv for the keeping gunpowder.

General iflue. VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuit or a&ion (hall be commenced or profecutcd

againft

No penalty for keeping 30 C. Wt. in warehoufes already built, Aniefs the fame (hall be deemed dangerous, &c.

Digitized by v^ooQle

349

1749*] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c.39,40.

againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuante of this ad, in every fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this ad, or the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the. authority of this ad $ and if a verdid fhall pafsfor the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difcontinue his, her, or their adion or adions after iffue joined, or if upon demurrer, or otherwife, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any de- Treble eofts. fendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That all fuits, ac- Limitation of tions, and profecutions, to be brought, commenced, or profe- adions. cuted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done, or to be

done, in purfuance, or by the authority of this ad, (hall be laid or tried in the county or place where the fad was committed, and (hall be commenced or profecuted within fix calendar months next after the fad committed, and not otherwifd.

X.	Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained (hall Tins ad noe extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal, take away, or altert0 invalidate any of the claufes, powers, or provifions contained in two ads

of parliament, the one made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An aft for pre- 5G*o. 1. c.16. venting the mtfchiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in or near the cities ^London and Weftminfter, or the fuburbs thereof; and the other made in the eleventh year of his faid late Majefty's reign, intituled. An aft for making more ^ t c% % ejfeftual an aft pajfed in the fifth year of his Majesty*s reign, inti- 11	0#1,	'***

tuled, An ad for preventing the mifchiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in or near the cities of London or Wefiminjler, or the fuburbs thereof.

CAP. XXXIX.

An ad for enlarging the powers granted by an ad palled in the fixteei\th year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Boroughbridge, in the county of York, to Cathenck in the fame county, and from thence to Peirfebridge, on the river Tees.

The aft 16 Geo. a. c. 7. continued for at years.

CAP. XL.

An aft for enlarging and maintaining the harbour of Ratnf-

gate, and for	cleanftng., amending, and preferving the

haven of Sandwich,

WH E REAS frequent Ioffes of the lives and properties of his Majejly’s fubjetis happen in the Downs, for want of a harbour between the north and foutb forelan, the part of the Jbips employed in the trade of this nation being under a neeeffity at going out upon, as well as returning from their	,	to'pafs

through the Downs, and frequently by contrary winds being detained there a long time, during which they (efpecially the outward-bound

Jbips)

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c.40.	[*749*

/hips) are expofed to violent JlorrHs, and dangerous gales of wind, without having any fufficient harbour to lie in, or retreat into, or from whence they can receive any a/fiftance: and whereas a harbour may be made at the town of Ramfgate, proper and convenient for the reception of Jhips, of and under three hundred tons burthen, and from whence larger /hips in dijlrefs in the Downs may be fupplied with pilots, anchors, cables, and other affiance and necejfaries; and by the Jmaller /hips taking Jhelter in this harbour, the larger Jbips may take the anchorage, which at prefent is occupied by the Jmailer, and by that means their anchors will be fixed in more holding ground, and the Jbips not be fo expofed to the ocean: for carrying therefore a work of fuch publick utility into execution, and that the fcid harbour may be enlarged, conftrufted, finifhed, and maintained in fuch a manner, as to be rendered of fervice to the trade and navigation of this nation; may it pleafe your mod excellent Majefty, that it may be enadted, &c.

The truftees are to fettle the duties; viz. not exceeding 6 d. per ton, to be paid by every veflel of so tons and not exceeding 300 tons, coining into the harbour; and on every (hip which (hall exceed 300 tons, not exceeding sd. for each ton (except (hips laden with coals, or (tones) and on every chalder of coals, or ton of ftones, not exceeding 3 d. Duties to be publidied in the London Gazette. No vefTel to be cleared till information 'on oath of her burthen. Merchants to make an allowance of the duty to the mailers. Collector to keep the accounts of the monies received. Copies of which to be tranfmitted to the receiver-general 5 and alio of receipts and disburfements, &c. No coafting veflel to pay but once a year. Trnf-tees to agree with workmen for building, &c. the harbour; impowered to purchafe buildings, See. In cafe of retufal to treat, truftees may fettle the damages, upon oath of a jury. Sheriff to fumtnon the jury. io days notice to be given to the parties interefted, of their meeting. Truftees may borrow money at 5I. per cent, intereft. Or by granting annuities at 81.1 os. pet cent. Rates not liable to pay intereft for more than 50,000!. at one time. Annuities to be free from taxes. Truftees to meet once in every year, and to give notice in the London Gazette, &c. and publifli the rates for the fucceeding year, &c. After determination of annuities rates (hall ceafe. Truftees to appoint proper officers. Truftees to meet once in every year at Guildhall, and to date the accounts, &c. Accounts of collegers to be laid before the lord mayor, &c. who may examine the fame, and impofe fines on perfons making concealment or imbezzlements. In default of payment perfons to be committed. Accounts when allowed, to be tranfmitted to the commiffioners of the navy. No perfon (hall empty any ballaft, See. in the harbour, on pain of 40s. Ships not to fail into the bafon, penalty sol. Truftees impowered to remove (hips out of the bafon. On death, &c. of truftees, others to be cholen. Truftees (hall fettle the demands to be taken for wharfs, &c. by their tenants and leflees. All former duties to ceafe. Ship bound to or from Sandwich, being the property of the inhabitants, not liable to the rates. 2001. per ann. to be paid out of the rates to the mayor, &c. of Sandwich. Application of the money for repairing their harbour, sol. penalty of throwing ballaft or rubbifli into the river, or fixing piles within the channel without licence. No more than 9 (hips to lie abrean, longer than one tide. The truftees impowered to apply 10,0001. for erecting fuch works as they (ball judge neceffary at the haven of Sandwich. Judgements to be final, without appeal. Veifels be-longing to Dover exempted from duties. VefTels belonging to Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Lyme Regis, exempted. VeflcU belonging to Great Yarmouth exempted*

CAP.

Digitized by Google

35*

1749*] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 41,42.

CAP. XLI.

An all for redifying miitakes in the names of feveral of the commiflioners appointed to put in execution the alt for granting a land tax for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, and for appointing other commiflioners, together with thofe named in the faid alt, to put in execution an alt for granting a land tax for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, and for direlting the names of colleltors of the faid tax to be certified to the receivers general 5 and for the relief of the borough of Poniton as to arrears of the land tax, and the houfe and window taxes for the years one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight*

EXP.

CAP. XLII.

An aft for granting to bis Majejiy the fum of one million out of the Jinking fund, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine \ and for enabling his Majejiy to raife a further fum of one million for the ufe$ and purpofes therein mentioned y and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for applying a certain fum for defraying certain charges arid allowances to the officers and private gentlemen of the reduced troops of horfe guards \ and for continuing the bounties on the exportation of Britifh and Irilh linens •, and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, receipts ^ annuity orders, or other orders loft, burnt, or other-wife deftroyed.

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeAs, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous to raife the neceflary fupplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majefty in this feffion of parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, in the eafieft manner we are a>ble, for the benefit of your Majefty’s fubjeAs, and alfo to ufe fuch ways.and means therein as that your Majefty may have the better and more fpeedy effeA of the faid fupplies, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the fum of one million, out of the furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund: and to that end and purpofe do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaAed, and be it enaAed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent 6f the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That by or out of One million fuch monies as now arc, or (hall from time to time be an4 re- granted out main in the receipt of the exchequer, of the faid furplufles, ex- fund6 dwarfs cefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund t hefupply. (after paying or referving fufficienttopay all fuch fum and fums of money as have been direAed by any former aA or aAs of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there (hall and may beiflii-

ed.

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgii II. c.

Claufe of loan at 4I. per cent.

42.	[1749*

ed, and applied, a fum not exceeding the faid fum of one million, for and towards the fupply granted to his Majesty for the fervice of the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine; and the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

II.	And it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the faid commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners erf* the treafury for the time being, (hall think it advifeable to raife the faid fum of one million, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in man* ner herein after mentioned, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, any fum or fums ot money not exceeding the faid fum of one million, upon the credit of the (aid furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The Jinking fundi and to have and receive for the forbearance of tne money lent, intereft after a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, fo as fuch loans be allowed to be made by the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to iflue their warrants for that pur-pofe as faft as (uch loans (hall be wanted for the publick fervice ; and moreover that no money foto be lent upon the fecurity of thi9 a& (hall be rated or aflefled to any tax or afleffment whatsoever.

III.	And be it further enadted, That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this adt as aforefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer, (hall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the fame, and an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her, or their tally, in or upon which order (hall be alfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the forbear-

tocarry 4I. per ance thereof, not exceeding the faid rate of four pounds per cen-cent, intereft. tum pcr annumti and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal 5 and all fuch orders for repayment of money fo to be lent (hall be regiftred in courfe according to thd Orders to be dates refpedfively; and that all and every perfon and perfons regifter'd, and (hall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall (land re-paid in courfe. gjftre(j jn the faid regifter books, fo as the perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftra-tors, or affigns, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders firft entered in the faid books of regifter, (hall be taken and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the faid furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies; and he, (he, or they, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, (hall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be

paid.

Tallies and orders for re payment.

Digitized by v^ooQle

*749*3 Anno vlcefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 42#	35$

paid, and fo fucceffively and in courfe; and that the monies to come in, of or for the faid furplufles, excefles, or overplus mo-nies* commonly called The finking fund, as aforefaid, (hall be in the lame order liable to the fatisfa&ion of the faid refpeltive perfons, and body or bodies politick dr corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, or afligns refpeftively, without any undue preference of one before another, and not ptherwife* and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, Ns fee for re* or purpofe whatsoever (other than fuch ufes or purpofes as are	M*

appointed by any other alt or alts of parliament in th^t behalf as aforefaid;) and that no fee, reward, or gratuity direltly or indirdtly (hall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty’s fubjdts for providing or making of any fuch books or regifters, or any entries, views, or Searches in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof as aforefaid, by any of his Majeft/s officer or officers, their clerks, or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, Penalty* with full co(ts of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to lofe his place allb; and if any undue preference of one before another (hall be made either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this alt, by any fuch officer or officers, then the party offending fhall be liable by altion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt with full colts of fuit to the party grieved, and fhall be forejudged of his place or office; and if fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direltton or privity of his mailer, then fuen deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to fuch altion, debt, damages, and colts, and (hall be for ever after incapable of his office or place; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt (hall not direlt the faid orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon fuch orders, according to each perfon’s due place and order as before direlted, then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpeltive deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to fuch altion, debt, damages, and colts, in fuch man-** ner ‘as aforefaid; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages. Penalties how and colts, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer,be rccover-or any their deputies or clerks, (hall and may be recovered by cd* altion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfier; wherein no efloin, pro-tdtion, privilege, wager of law, injunltion, or order of reftraint (hall be in any wife granted or allowed.

IV.	Provided always, and it is declared. That if it (hall hap- Noundoepre~ pen that feveral tallies of loan or orders for payment as afore- fc{jf,ce,w“€r* laid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of broi^htthe the receipt to be regiftred, then it (hall be interpreted no un- fcme day. due preference which of thofe be entered firlt, fo as he enters

them all the fame day.

V.	Provided alfo. That it (hall not be interpreted any undue Nor if fubfe* preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the au- quent orders ditor direlt, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers

Vot. XIX.	Aa	do	«*«r.

Digitized by LjOOQle

not demanded.

able.

IVo fee for •ntiy.

The alEgn-

Anno viccfimo fecundo Georgii II. C.42;	[ 1749.

do pay fubfequent orders to perfons that come and demand their monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders incourfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed of, but kept for them; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is lb referved and kept in bank for them.

Orders aflign-	VI. And be it further enabled, That all and every perfon

and perfons to whom any motley (hall be due for loans to be re-giftred by virtue of this adt, after order entered in the book of regiftry as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftra-tors, or alligns, by proper words of aflignment to be indorfed and written upon his, her, or their order, may aflign or tranf-fer his, her, and their right, title, intereft, and benefit of fuch order, or any part thereof to any other * which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the bookof regifoy afbre-faid for orders (which the officers (hall upon requeft without fee or charge accordingly make) (hall intitle fuch affignee, his, her, or their executors, adminifirators, fucceffors, or affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon, and fuch afiignee may in like manner affign again, and fo toties qu$ties; and afterwards k ment not to be (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or	perfons who have or

voided.	hath made fuch aflignment, to make void,	releafe, or difeharge

the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VII.	And to the end there may be no	want or failure of a

certain fum not to exceed in the whole	the faid fum of one

million, to be raifed either by fuch loans as aforefaid, or by ifluing exchequer bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means for the publick fervice ; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the com-Treafury may miflioners of his Maiefty*s trealury, or any three or more of them make new ex- now being, or the hign treafurer, or any three or more of the forra^^the cotnm*^loncrs the treafury for the time being, (hall judge it laid one mil. morc advifeable to raife the faid fum of one million, or any part lidn,&c« thereof, by exchequer bills, inftead of fuch loans as aforefaid, that then tney refpeftively are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to prepare ana make, or caufe to be prepared and made at the exchequer, any number of new exche* quer bills, for any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of one million, togetner with fuch loans as aforefeid, in the fame or like manner, form, or order, and according to the fame or like rules and dire&ions, as in and by a certain a& of parliament (for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thou-fend feven hundred and forty nine) are enafted and preferibed, concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid a<5h

To be fubjeft VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, to the regu- That all and every the claufe9, provifoes, powers, privileges, Gfo.*! relat. ^vantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in

the

Digitized by

1749.3 AAno Vicefimo iecilndo GBorgii II. C/42J	355

the (aid laft-mcntioned adt relating to the loans or exchequer ingtothcmalt

bills authorized to be made by the lame aft, except fuch claufes duty*

as do charge the fame on the rates or duties, granted by the lame

ad, (hall be applied and extended to the exchequer Dills to be .

made in purfuance of this adt, as fully and effedtually to all in-

tents and purpofes as if the laid exchequer bills had been origin

rially authorized by the faid laft mentioned adt, or as if the faid

fcveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated or re-

cnadted in the body of this prefent a dt.

IX.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all the Exchequer

exchequer bills as (hall be made in purfuance of this adt, and	*?•'to

the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or at-Qf the^nking tending the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and charge- fund.

able upon, and (hall be repaid and borne by and out of the grow-ing produce of the faid furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other adt or adts of parliament in that behalf1; and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be iffued and applied, as fait as the fame can be regularly Itated and af-certained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharging fuch exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and dif-charged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and re-ferved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpec-tive proprietors thereof.

X.	And towards enabling your Majefty to difeharge the great debts contracted by the late war, and raiung the fupplies grant-, cd to your Majefty in this feflion of parliament, your faid duti-ful and loyal commons have alfo freely given and granted unto your Majefty the further Aim of one million, to be raifed in manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore enadted by the authori-

ty aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the His Majefty King’s moft excellent majefty, by warrant or warrants under impowered to his royal fign manual, to authorize and impower the commit- ^J^nonex-fioners of his Majesty’s treafury now or for the time being, or Chequer bills/ any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, at any time or times before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, to caufe or diredt any loans to be taken or received at his Majesty’s exchequer, from any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies politick or corporate, or any number 01 exchequer bills to be made out there, for any fum or Aims of money, not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills, together in the whole, the laid ium of one million, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and diredtions, as in and by the before-ipentioned adt of this prefent feffion of parliament, for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred ana forty nine, are enadted and preferibed concerning the

A a 2	Joans

Digitized by UooQle

'Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c.42.	(1749.

Exchequer bills to carry

1749, &c.

loans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in purfosnce of the (aid aft.

The exche- XI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Tint jwerbilUtobe all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advm-taSes»	forfeitures,	and difabilities, contained in the

cwurined in lad-mentioned aft, relating to the loans or exchequer bills the malt aft. authorized to be made by the fame aft (except fuch claufes as do charge the fame on the rates and duties granted by the fame ad) fhall be applied and extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this aft, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft-mentioned aft, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afordaid, That all fuch loans or exchequer bills, not exceeding one mil-

t ^dt- ^on as	as	ft13'* bc ta^cn *n or mac*e forth in purfuance

be^charged on °f ^is aft, may refpeftively be made to bear or carry an interefl, thefiritTup- premium, or rate, not exceeding four pounds per centum per plies, granted annum, and all fuch loans or exchequer bills, together with the after 19 Sept. intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to or attending the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be repaid or borne by or out of the firft aids or fup-plies which (hall be granted in parliament, next after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine; and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofc/ha/1 not be granted before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, then all and every the faid loans or exchequer bills, with the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to or attending the fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies, as at any time or times, at or after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the faid furpluftes, excefies, or overplus monies, commonly called The Jinking fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former aft or afts ot parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may beiflued and applied, as faft as the fame can be regularly dated and af-certained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difeharg-ing fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, praminm, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved irv the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the re-fpeftive proprietors thereof.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority lobe replaced, aforefaid. That whatever monies (hall be fo i(fued out of the

faid furplufles, excefles or overplus monies, commonly called The Jinking fund, (hall from time to time be replaced by and out of tnc firft lupplies to be then after granted in parliament, my thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftandinjj.

or on the finking fund.

Sinking fund

Digitized by L^ooQle

1749.]	Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c.42;	357

XIV. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority MonWI of tbt aforefaid. That all the monies coming into the exchequer, ei- m^t w fc* ther by loans or exchequer bills, upon one alt of this feffion of parliament, (intituled, An aft for continuing and granting to his Majejly certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fer~ vice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine;) and fo much money, if any luch be, of the duties thereby granted, as fiiall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made, or to be made on the fame alt, and all the intereft, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid duties, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be relerved in the exchequer to difeharge the fame; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other ad of this feffion of parliament (intituled. An abt for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, and land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thou-fund feven hundred and forty nine \) and fo much money, if any fiich be, of the tax thereby granted, as (hall arife or remain, after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame alt, and all the intereft, premium, rate and charges thereupon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid land tax, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved in the exchequer to difeharge the fame; and the fum of one . million by this ad granted, (hall be further appropriated and aPP“e<I* applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the fe-▼eral ufes, intents, and purpofes herein after exprefled (that is to

. It is hereby enalled and declared. That out of all or Outoftheaids any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iftbed t0 be paid, and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one million one hundred fixty nine thoufand eight hundred feventy eight pounds, and eight pence, for or towards the naval fervices herein after more particularly exprefled; that is to fay, for or Ifl$9lg78l. towards defraying the charges of the ordinary of his Maiefty’s towards naval navy, and for half-pay to lea-officers; and for or towards vie- fervices; tuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the vilhialling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea fervices in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed ; for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine.

XVI. And it is hereby alfo enaded. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thoufand 10,0001. to pounds, upon account, towards the fupport of the royal hofpi- Greenwich t|l at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the leamen of hofpital, the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the fervice pf their country; and any fum or fums of money,-notexceed- ttQoo*ooh ing pn$ million, towards difeharging (eamens wages and other towards fea-payments flue on die debt of the navy on the thirty firft of De- m*n'* wag*** cember, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, not al- ^tsoTtht

jea4y provided for.

A a 3

Digitized by Google

ordnance.

i.7So^771*

to the land forcesi

pf which 611,230!. 48

358	Anno	vlccfimo	fecuudo GeoRGII II. c.42.	£174$

177*147*. *5** Xyil. And it is hereby alfoenaded, That out of all or any 1 ® d’iowa,21# the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there lhall and may be UTued and the omce o applied any fam or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred feventy (even thoufand one hundred forty feven pounds, fifteen (hillings, and ten pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land lervice, not provided for by parliament.

XVIII. And jt is hereby likewife enabled, Tpat out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, thdre (hall and may be ifliied and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one milliori feven hundred and thirty thoufand four hundred feventy feven pounds, eight (hillings, an'd four pence, for and towards maintaining his Majeity’s land forces, arid other Cervices herein after more particularly ex prefled ; (that is to fay) any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fix hundred twelve • - thoufand two hundred and thirty pounds, four (hillings, and ind^cven Pencc» f°r defraying the charge of the eighteen thoufand ice inGrcat * eight hundred and fifty feven effective men, including com-Britain, See. million and non-commiffion officers, and one thoufand eight hundred and fifteen invalids, for guards, garrifons, and other Jiis Majefty’s land forces in Great Britain, Guernfey, and Jerfey* for the fcrvice of the year one thoufand feven hundred arid forty nine5 and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two hundred eighteen thoufand eight hundred fixty four pounds ooe (lulling, and five pence halfpenny, for maintaining his M*ycC-ty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar^ and. for provilions for the garrifons at Annapolis Royal* Placentia* Gibraltar* and Providence* for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine; and any fom or fums of money, not exceeding on? hundred and efoven thoufand fix hundred and twelve pounds, three (hillings, and four pence, for defray^ ing the charge of His Majefty’s forces in the ifiand of Cape Breton* and of the twelve independent comj>anie$ of foot in the Eajl Indies* . Cor the year brie thoufand fijven hundred and forty t>ine; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirty thoufand feventy eight pounds, two (bil)ings, and fix pence, to make ;ing °f Swe- good his Majesty’s engagements with the King of Sweden* as Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfeu* purfuapt to treaty; and any fum of fums of money, not exceeding thirty thoufand five hundred forty eight pounds, fourteen (hillings, and fix pence, to make 'dukeoffirunf’ £°°^ bis Majefty’s engagements, with his moft ferent highnefij wick Wolfen-f he duke of Brunfwick Wolfenbuttle* purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums of money; not exceeding one hundred thoufand pounds, to be paid over to the emprefs Queen of Hungary, to anfwer the like fum claimed by her imperial Majefty, as an ar-rear of the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, mentioned in the! conventipn concluded at the fjagtie* the twenty (bethday of "January* one thoufand (even hundred and forty eight; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eight thoufand fix

hun«*

3(8,864.1. IS

5<i. »q. for the plantations, Sec.

sif,6til. 3s. 4-d. for Cape Breton and the Eaft In. dies.

30,0781. »s. id. to the King

30,5481. I4» 6d. to the

buttle; voo,oool. to the Queen of Hungary.

Digitized by v^,ooQle

X749-J Anno vicefimo fecundo Geougii II. c. 42.	359

hundred and twenty pounds,' to make good his Majesty’s etv* 8,6*01, to the gagesnents with the ele&or of MentZy purfuant to treaty; and 5j5a°r any fum or fums of money, not exceeding forty four thoufand fcven hundred forty four pounds, fix (hillings, and three pence, Jd.7tothe* to make good his Majesty’s engagements with the eledtor of elector of Ba-Bavaridy purfuant to treaty; ana any fum or fums of money, varia‘ not exceeding fixteen thouland pounds, for the pay of the ge-™^1’^ neral, and ftaflf officers, for the year one thoufand feven hurl- ftaff officersj dred and forty nine; and any fum or fums of money, not ex-4.18,1281. 18s. cecding four hundred eighteen thoufand one hundred twenty xod.fortbe eight pounds, eighteen millings, and ten pence, for defraying	™U1

the extraordinary expences of his Majesty’s land forces in Flan- 9 dersy in North Britain, and America, and of other fervices, incurred in the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, and not provided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fixty three thoufand two hundred feven- f^to out* ty four pounds, fix millings, and three pence, upon account penfioners of for out-penfionersof Chtlfta Hofpitaly For the year one thoufand Chelfea Hof-feven hundred and forty nine; and any fum or fums of money, Pital f . not exceeding five thoufand two hundred eighty one pounds, fix- ^theJtrow teen (hillings, and eight pence, for defraying the charge for al- 0f borfe ^ lowances to feveral officers and private gentlemen ot the two guards, and troops of horfe guards, and regiment of horfe, lately difbanded,	°*.

for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine; and ™rMisband-any fum or fums of money not exceeding fixty feven thoufand 67,226!. iSs. two hundred twenty fix pounds, eighteen (hillings, and four aA. to the repence, upon account of reduced officers of his majefty’s land- duced officers|r forces and marines, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, fubjedl to fuch rules to be-obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after preferibed concerning the fame; and any fum or films of money, not exceed- 3,8671. 15 s. ing three thoufand eight hundred fixty feven pounds, fifteen 7 d- m q. to the (hillings, and (even pence halfpenny for paying of oenfions to the^^^' widows of fuch reduced4ofhcers of his Majesty s land forces and	&c.

marines, as died upon the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of DecmbeTy one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine; which faid fum of three thoufand eight hundred fixtv feven pounds, fifteen (hillings, and feven pence halfpenny, fnalj be ifliied to fuch perfon or perfons, as his Majesty (hall, by warrant or warrants under his Majesty’s royal fign manual, diredt or appoint * to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over tp fuch widows of half-pay officers, ©r their affigns, according to fuefi eftabliflunents, lifts, or other directions, and with and fubjedl to filch conditions, qualifications, and other allowances for the fame, as his Majesty, by fuch and the like warrant or warrants,

(hall be gracioully pleafed to diredt and appoint.

XIX.	And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority afore? 40,000]. to faid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there W°Ta fipll and may be ifliied and applied any fum or fums of money,

A a 4	not

Digitized by L.ooQle

t *,ooo 1. for the bridge at WefMnter.

$6q	Anno	vicefimo	fecundo	Georgii	II.	c.	42*	[i	749.

not exceeding forty thoufand pounds, upon account, towards the charge of transporting to his Majesty’s colony of Neva Sea* tiay and fupporting and maintaining there for a certain time after their arrival, luch reduced officers and private men lately difmifled his Majesty’s land and fea fervice, and others his Ma-* jefty’s fubjedis, as mall be willing to fettle in the faid colony, unaer fuch regulations as his Majesty (hall judge proper.

XX.	And it is hereby alfo enadted. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffiied and paid to the commiffioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the city of Wejlminjler to the oppofite fhore, in the County of Surrey, or any feven or more of them, or to fuch per-fon or perfons as (hall be appointed under the hands and feals cf the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, to receive the fame, the fum of twelve thoufand pounds, without account, other than is directed for other monies railed by virtue of feveral former ads of parliament,, patted during the feign of his prefent Majefty, for building the laid bridge, to be applied to finifh the faid bridge, and to enable the faid commiffioners to perform the other trufts repofed in them.

XXI.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed by the authority afore-reimburfe the faid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there city of Glaf- (hall may be iflued ana applied any fum or fums of money, torTedbySthe not exceedingten thoufand pounds, to reimburfe the magi (Irate* rebels. * and town council of the city of Glafgow, the fums extorted from

them by the rebels, upon account of their loyalty, during the late unnatural rebellion, for the raifing of which the faid raa-giftrates and town council were obliged to grant their bonds ; 1,3041.38. 4d. and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding five thoufand tor Georgiy, three hundred and four pounds, three shillings and four penc^ for the further fettling and improving the colony of Georgia in America, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine* r©,oool. to- XXII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, wardsfiipport- That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, it (hall ing the trade and may be lawful for his Majesty to iflue and apply any fum or fum$ of money, not exceeding ten thoufand pounds, towards the fupport of the trade to Africa, in fuch manner as his Majesty (hall judge proper.

XXIII. And it is hereby alfo enafled by the authority aforefaid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there good the defi- (hall and may be iflued and applied any fum or Turns of money, ciency of the not exceeding feven thoufand one hundred eighty pounds, five (hillings, and eight pence, to replace to the finking fund tbs like fum paid out of "the fame, to make good the deficiency of the additional (lamp duties at Chrijlma$y one thoufand fevcii hundred and forty (even ; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirteen thoufand eight hundred twenty feven pounds, twelve (hillings, and fix pence, to replace to the faid finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, tq make good tht deficiency of the duty of twelve shillings a barrel on Tweets, or wines made from Britijb or foreign fruits or fiigar, at AttcbaeU

JJMj

j o,oool. to

to Africa.

r,i8o 1.5 $. S d. to make

Ramp duties.

73.8171.11 s. 6 d. defi-9 fcney of the duties on (wets.

Digitized by Google

1749 ] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 42.	361

msj one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight; and any firm or fums of money, not exceeding thirty live thoufand pounds, 35tO0Oi. fa to replace to the (aid finking fund the like fum paid out of the intereft on the fame, to anfwer one year’s intereft, due at Michaelmas one thou- fait duties, fand feven hundred and forty eight, after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum9 on the principal fum of one million lent eta credit of the fait duties, which were continued for fix years, from Lady-day9 one thoufand feven hundred and fifty three, towards the fupply for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifteen thoufand two hundred ninety feven pounds, *5**97 !• ** eleven (hillings, and five pence halfpenrw, to replace to the laid finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make adcB-^ good the deficiency of the additional duties on wines at Midfum- tional duties mer9 one thoufand (even hundred and forty eight; and any fum on wines at or fums of money, not exceeding one thoufand four hundred fixty Midfuinraer, two pounds, fix (hillings, and ten pence, for making good the 6 s. deficiency of the faid additional duties on wines at Cbrijlmas onc iod.deficiency thoufand feven hundred and forty eight; and any fum or fums at Chriftmas, of money not exceeding nine thoufand three hundred and eight ,74* * pounds, feven (hillings, and four pence, to replace to the (aid ££°deficiency finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good of the duty on the deficiency of the duty on licences for retailing of fpirituous licences for re-liquors, at Lady-day9 one thoufand feven hundred and forty tail,,U5 fpiritu-eight; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding thirty three thoufand eight hundred and four pounds, thirteen fhil- id. rq.defici-lings, and one penny halfpenny, to replace to the faid finking cncy of the fund the like fum paid out of tne fame, to make good the de- du^8?1? gkfr ficiency of the duties on glafs and fpirituous liquors, at Midfum- ™uou* mer9 one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight; and any fum Midfuromer. or fums of money, not exceeding forty one thoufand eight 1748 5 hundred twenty two pounds, ten millings, and five pence for4*»9**l- 10s. making good the deficiency at Chrijlmas, one thoufand feven ft hundred and forty eight, of the faid duties on glafs and fpiri- l?4g. tuous liquors; and any fum or fums of money, not exceed-*8,268!. ict. ing twenty eight thoufand two hundred fixty eight pounds, fif- 5d* 3q-defici-teen (hillings, and five pence three farthings, to replace to the faid (inking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make houfes, &c. good the deficiency of the new duties on houfes, windows, and at Michael-lights at Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, mas, 1748. and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding thirty one thou- ^5 V^defi-fand and fixty pounds, fixteen (hillings, and one halfpenny, to ciency^at La-make good the deficiency of the faid new duties on houfes, win- dyday, 1749; dows, and lights at Lady-day9 one thoufand feven hundred and 470,1861. 9s. forty nine : and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding four 6£’n,ch0fCthe hundred feventy thoufand one hundred eighty fix pounds, nine 2 for (hillings, and fix pence farthing to make good the deficiency of 1748; the grants for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

TJiat the (aid aids or fupplies providea as aforefaid fl>ali not be

ifiueti

Digitized by v^ooQle

364

The (upplies to be applied only as this aftdire&s*

Rules to be obferved in the applies-tion of the film of 67,1161.18s 4(J. appropriated on account of half-

pay-

siGeo.i.c.13

. Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRGII II. C. 42.	[ 1749.

iffiied or applied to any ufe, intent, or purpofc whatfoever, o-ther than the ufes ana purpofes before mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies or other payments directed to be fatisfied thereout by any aft or afts, or any particular claufe or daufes for that purpofe contained in any other ad or ads of this pre-fent feflion of parliament.

XXV.	And as to the faid fum of fixty feven thoufand two hundred twenty fix pounds, eighteen (hillings, and four pence, by this ad appropriated on account of hair-pay, as aforefaid j it is hereby enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the rules herein after preferibed (hall be duly obferved ii% the application thereof; that is to fay. That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, and under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did adual feryice in fome regiment, troop, or company; that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit civil or military, under his Majesty, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay.; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who has refigned his commifiion, and has nad no com-million fince; that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons, who would have been otherwife intitled to the fame as reduced officers ; and that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any of the officer^ of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately dilbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftabliftunent of half-pay, in Great Britain.

XXVI.	And whereas by an alt of parliament made in the twenty firfl year of his Majefiy's reign, (intituled, An aft for granting to his Majelty the fum of one million out of the (inking fund, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight 5 and for applying a fum.of money remaining in the exchequer, arifen by the rates and duties onhoufes, which determined at Lady-day, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven; and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament; and for applying a certain fum of money for defirayr ing the charge of the allowances for the year one thoufand ft-ven hundred and forty eight, to feveral officers and private gentlemen of tbfctwo troops of horfe guards, and three regiments of horfe, lately reduced, feveral fupplies which bad been granted to his Majejly, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes therein exprejfed, qmongfl which, any fum or /urns of money, not exceeding twenty feven thoufand two hundred twenty four pounds, and fix /killings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefly's land forces and marines, fubjeft never the-Ufs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid baJfpay^ If iq and by the aforefaid all were preferibed in that bohqlf; now it

i#



Digitized by v^ooQle

x 749?] Anna viccfimo fecundo Georg n II. c. 42,45.	363

js hereby provided, enaded, and declared by the autfiprity

aforefaid, That fo much of the faid fum of twenty feven thou-

fand two hundred twenty four pounds, and fix (hillings, as is Application of

pr (hall be more than funicient to fatisfy the faid reduced offi-1

jeers, according to the rules prefcribed by the faid ad to behalf-p^^o*

pbferved in the applicatiQn thereof, or any part of fuch over-.the commpaf-

plus, (h^ll and may be difpofed of to fuch officers who are maim-donate lift.

ed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch others, as by rea-

fon of their long fervice, or otherwife, his Majesty (hall judge

to be proper objeds of charity, or to the widows or children of

fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants, under his

Majefty’s royal fign manual, as (hall be figned in that behalf; .

any thing in this ad, or the (aid fortper ad to the contrary not-

withftanding.

XXVII.	And it is hereby likewife enaded. That out of the 6,0391. iosf monies or favings ariftng from the money granted by parlia-*d. out of the tnent, for the relief and provifion of the widows of officers, who ^w\dovn°of have been killed or died in the fervice, there (hall and may be^^0^^ jflued and applied, by any warrant or warrants of his Majesty, fray the off-under his royal fign manual, any fum or fums of money, not reckonings to exceeding fix thoufand thirty nine pounds, ten (hillings, eight pence, for defraying the charge of the off-reckonings, be- horfeguards, longing to the late third and fourth troops of horfe guards re- reduced, duced, and allowances to private gentlemen of the (aid troops, pn their retiring from the fervice, for the year one thoufand fe- . yen hundred and forty nine.	•

XX! V III. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, -	.

Tl>at the bounties on the exportation or Britijh and Irijh coarfe Jhe^^taJ. linens (hall continue to be paid in the like manner, and under the don ofBritifh Jike regulations as direfted by the adls of thefifteenthandfixteenth,and Irifli li-and of the eighteenth years of his Majesty’s reign, from and af- 1fcns continued ter the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundredtor 3year*# . gnd fifty, for and during the further term of three years, and * from thence to the end ot the then next feffion of parliament and An account that the fame be paid out of fuch part of the old fubfidies, as thereof to be is applicable to the payment of incidents, and that an account laid before the of fuch bounties, together with the quantity of Britijh and Irijh parliament coarfe linens intitled to the fame refpe<ftively, be laid before the ycar houfe of commons every felfion of parliament, in order to the replacing the lame out of the next aids to be granted in parliament.

Upon affidavit made of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, au-nuity orders, Sec. being loft, or otherwife deftroved, before i Auguft,

1749, See. the refpeftive officers are to make out duplicates thereof, and to difeharge the fame. Cominiffioners of the treafury impowered to fign the duplicates. Exp.

GAP. XLin.

An aft for the further enlarging the term and powers granted and continued by two a&s of parliament, the one paired in tne twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, and the other in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the roads from the dty of Worcefter, through the borough of Droit-: ‘	'	'*	*'	‘	wich,

Digitized by L.ooQle

364	Annovicefimo	fecundo GeoRGII II. c.44.	[*749.

wich, to Dyers Bridge near Brom(grove, in the county of Worcefter* and alfo for repairing the roads from Dyer's Bridge, through the town of Bromfgrove to Spadesbourn Bridge, and from Droitwicb to Bradley Brook, in the fame county.

The aQs la Ann. and i% Geo. z. c. %o. consumedfor %i years.

CAP. XLIV.

An a£l to enable fucb officers, mariners, and foldiers, as heme been in bis Majefty's fervice ftnee bis acceffion to the throne, to exercife trades.

WHEREAS there hath been and are diver $ officers, mariners» and foldiers who have ferved his Majesty in the late wars by fea or land, fome of which, are men that ufed trades, others that were apprentices to trades who had not ferved out their times, and others, who by their own indujiry have made them]elves apt and fit for trades: many of which, the wars being now ended, would willingly employ themfelves in thofe trades which they were formerly accuflomei to, or which they are apt or able to follow and make ufe of, for the getting their living by their own labour, but are or may be hindered from exercifing thofe trades in certain cities and corporations, and other places within this kingdom, becaufe of certain by-laws and cujloms of thofe places, and of the Jlatute made tn the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, prohibiting the ufe of certain trades by any perfon who bath not ferved as an apprentice to fitch trade for the fpace of [even.years: for remedy whereof be it enadtedby the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiriniaJ and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That all fuch officers, mariners, and foldiers, who have been at any time employed in fMBcers, ma- his Majesty’s fervice fince his acceffion to the throne, and have *nc*	not ^incc ^e^erte<^ t^e fervice, may fet up and exercife fuch

towered to	tra(ks as they are apt and able for in any town or place within

exercife the kingdoms of Great Britain, and Ireland, without any lett, trades $ fuit, or moleftation of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, for or by reafon of the uiing of fuch trade; and if any fuch officer or officers, mariner or mariners, foldier or Soldiers, who (hall be fued, impleaded, or indidted in any court whatsoever, within this-kingdom, for ufing or exercifing any fuch trades as afore-faid, then the faid officer or officers, mariner or mariners, fot» dier or foldiers, making it appear to the fame court, where they and being fu- are fQ fued, impleaded, or indidted, that they have ferved the the general King’8 majefty as aforefaid, (hall upon the general iflue pleaded, idue.	be found not guilty in any plaint, bill, information, or.indidfc-

jnpnt exhibited againft thern,' and fuch perfons who notwith-ftanding this adt, (hall proiecute their faid fuit by bill, plaint, information, ot indidtment, and (hall have a verdidt pafs againft them, or become nonfuit therein, ordifeontinue their faid fuit, fpeh perfon or perfons (hall pay unto fuch officer or officers, and havedou- mariner or mariners, foldier or foldiers, double softs of fuit, to colts. be recovered as any other cofts at common law may be recovered $ and all judges and jurors* before whom any luch fuit, in?

for-

Digitized by Google

1749-1 Anno vic-efimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 45.	365

formation, or indictment (hall be brought, and all other per-fons whatsoever, are to' take notice of this prefent alt, and'lhall Conform themfelves thereunto, any ftatute, law, ordinance, cuftom, or provifion to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding,

II. Provided always. That this alt (nail not in any wife be Privileges of prejudicial to the privileges of the univerfities of Cambridge and the Oxford, or either of them, or extend to give liberty to any per- “J1* fonto fet up the trade of a vintner, or to fell any wine of other oxford refer*-liquors within the faid univerfities, without licence firft had and ed to them, obtained from the vice chancellors of the fame refpe&ively.

CAP. XLV.

An all for the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale fifhery, and for continuing fuch laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto -, and for the naturalization of fuch foreign proteftants, as Jhallferve for the time therein mentioned, on board fuch fhips as fhall be fitted out for the faidfifhery.

WHEREAS divers alts of parliament have been made for she encouragement of his Majefiy's fubjellSy to carry on and improve the whale fijbery> and that the enlargement of the faid fifhery will be of great advantage to the trade and navigation of this kingdom: for the further encouragement to carry on the faid trade, be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an aCi made in the fifth year of his prefent 5 Geo.i.c. *». Majefiy’s reign, intituled. An alt for encouraging the Greenland fifhery; which was to be in force for nine years, from the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty one ; and which aCt was, by an a£t of parliament made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefiy’s reign, intituled, An alt 13 Geo. t. for continuing the fevered laws therein mentionedy relating to thepre- c* a8* miumSy upon the importation of mafiSy yards, and bowfpritSy tary pitchy and turpentine \ to Britifh made fail clothy and the duties payable on foreign fail cloth; to the Greenland and to the whale fifhery; and for granting a further bountyfor all fhips employed in the whale fifhery during theprefent war \ for exempting harpooneers and others • employed in the Greenland fifnery trade from being mpreffed \ and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrails of clerks andapprenticesy continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hun- farmer contf-dred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next fef- "December Con of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further con- I757. m 9 tinued from the time in the faid lafr-mentioned aCt mentioned, and therein limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December which (hall be in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thenge to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament.

II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That 2	an

Digitized by Google

$66	Arino	vicefimo	fecundo (jEokGii IL t. 45.	[1749.

Aft 6 Geo. si an adt made in the fixth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, wntinued to	for	forth#	encouragement of the whale fijbery y carried m

*5 December, b hit Majejly's Britifh fubiefts; which was to be in force during 1757.	the continuance of the laft-mentioned adl of the fifth year of

Furif*r contt~ his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An afi for encouraging the Green-Geo. a.*c. 18. *anc* fifoery* and which was, by the faid aft of the thirteenth ' year of his prefent Majefty, continued unto the faid twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby continued, from the time there-in limited for the expiration thereof, unto the faid twenty fifth 1 day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, feven, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion ot parliament.

Commiflioners HI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That of the cuftoms over and above the allowance of twenty shillings a ton, accord-uponcertifi- jng to the admeafurement of the (hip, by the faid laft-mention-the^leaorT c<* diredted t0 he paid, it (hall and may be lawful for the to pay the fe- refpedtive commiflioners of the cuftoms in Great Britain9 from cond aos. ton- the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred wage bounties and forty njnc^ an(j unt;j the faid twenty fifth day of December, pauiUment. one thoufand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, (upon having fuch fchedule, certificate, licence, and oath tranfmitted to them by the colledtor and comptroller of the port from whence fuch (hip (hall depart, as by the faid laft-mentioned adt is diredted, and upon fuch commifiioners being fatisfied of the faithful dealings ot the mafter and other perfons employed in fuch (hip, with ref-pedt to fuch voyage and filhery j on demand, to caufe payment to be made to the mafter or owners, or to his or their afiignsby the receiver general of the cuftoms in that part of Great Britan from whence fuch (hip (hall depart, of the fum of twenty shillings a ton, according to the admeafurement of the (hip, over and above the fom of twenty shillings a ton, by the laft-mentioned adt granted for the encouragement of the whale fifheiv in the Greenland Seas, or Davis’s Streights, and the adjacent fcas, carried on by his Majesty’s Britifh fubiedts, in fuch manner, and at fuch time or times, as the faid allowance of twenty (hil-t Geo. t.c. 33. iingS a ton by the faid laft-mentioned adt, made in the fixtn year of nis prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further en* couragement of the whale fijbery carried on by bis Majejly's Britilh fubje£!sy is diredted to be paid.

IV. And whereas the difpatcb <f Jhips to the Greenland Seas, Davis’s Streights, andfeas adjacent, on the whale fijhery9 mufi <f necejfity be within the months of March or April, andfome Britifh Jhips for the fake of keeping the men that have been taught the art if the faidfijhery in employ, and to prevent their going into foreign fer-vice, may have been fitted out from the river of Thames, or other parts of his MajeJlyU Britifh dominions, and proceeded on the /aid whale fijbery to /^Greenland Seas, or Davis’s Streights, and feu

adjacent^

Digitized by v^ooQle

1749.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 45.	367

adjacent, fince the commencement of this fejfion of parliament; and it will therefore be but jujl and reafonable, that the‘bounties intended to be given on the return ofjhips hereafter to be fitted out on fuch voyage ftmldbe given alfo to the owners of fuch Jhips already failed upon fuch voyage, and not yet returned 5 be it therefore enadted by the au- ships that thority aforefoid, That every owner or owners of anv (hip or have already (hips already failed on the faid voyage and fifhery re(pedtively,Entitled who have conformed themfelves in all refpedts to the rules and ^unty. directions prefcribed by the faid laft-mentioned adt of the fixth y* year of his prefent Majefty, fuch owner and owners (hall, and they are hereby declared to be intitled to, and the receiver general of the cuftoms, in that part of Great Britain whence the (hip departed, is hereby impowered and required to pay the faid jrcfpedtive fums of twenty (hillings, and twenty shillings per ton accordingto the admeafurementof fuch (hip or (hips refoedlively.

V. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That vcflcls fitted from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thou- out in Ameri-fand feven hundred and forty nine, every (hip built or fitted ca,tobelicen-out in any of his Majesty’s dominions in America, of two hun- fed to proceed dred tons and upwards, and not being more than two years old g^™,**1** from the firft building thereof, that proceeds from any port in ery* his Majesty’s American dominions on the faid whale fifhery, manned and navigated as by the laws now in force is diredtea, which (hall before (he proceed on fuch voyage, be vifited by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms belonging to fuch port, who (hall take an account of the tonnage thereof^ in fuch manner as is diredted by the faid laft mentioned adt concerning Bri-tijh (hips who (hould be intitled to the benefits of the faid adt, and (hall certify fuch his or their vifitation, examination, and admeafurement, to the governor or commander in chief of the place where fuch (hip (hall be fitted out, or to the naval officer of fuch port 5 and if it appear by the faid certificate of fuch officer or officers, that (he had, at the time of giving fuch certificate, on board fuch a number of men, provifions, boats, fi(h-ing lines, and inftruments to be ufed in fuch fifhery, as is re-

auired by the faid laft mentioned adt of Britijh (hips which lould be intitled to the benefit of the faid adt, and that (he is a (hip ftrongly built, and otherwife a (hip proper for fuch voyage and fi(hery, and had, at the time of granting the faid certificate, on board among her crew fuch a number of harpooneers, fteerfmen, and line-managers, who had before been employed in fuch voyages (the names of fuch perfons to be contained in fuch certificate) according to the diredtions of the faid laft mentioned adt concerning Britijb (hips to be employed in the faid fi(hery; and if the owner or owners, and mafter or chief officer of fuch (hip (hall, in writoig, at the foot of fuch certificate, make fuch oath before th^ovemor, commander in chief, or naval officer (who are herev impowered and required to ad-minifter fuch oath) as is reqwed by the faid laft mentioned adt of the owner or owners, and mafter or chief officer of fuch Bri~ tijb (hip as aforefaid* and likewife that fuch (hip is not more

\

Digitized by v^ooQle

368	Anno	vicefimo fecundo GeoRGH II. c< 45;	[174^

than two years old from the firft building thereof; and if the mafter (hall likewife, after fuch certificate had, and oath made, become bound with fuch fureties, in fuch penalty and condition as is mentioned in, and required by the faid laft mentioned a& to be given by the mailers of fuch Britijh (hips as aforefaid, which faid bond is required to be taken by the governor or commander in chief, or naval officer of fuch place from whence the faid (hip is fo fitted out; then, and in all fuch cafes, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid governor, or commander in chief, or naval officer, and they are hereby required to give and grant to the mailer and owners of fuch (hip full licence and authority to proceed on fuch voyage.	v

On arrival of	VI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

fuch veifels in on the arrival of fuch (hip at the port in Great Britain,, to which Great Britain, the faid mafter and mate declared on oath they intended to pro-ficento^rantceec* a^ter *hc*r intended voyage to the Greenland Seas, or to Ds-certificates, v*s's StreightSy or to the feas adjacent, or on their arrival atfome * other port of Great Britain where they (hall unload, the proper officers of the cuftoms of fuch port (hall proceed in fuch manner, and make fuch fchedule, as is directed by the faid laft-mentioned aft concerning Britijh (hips who were to be intitled to the benefits of the faid ad 5 and fuch fchedule, certificate, licence, and oath (hall be tranfmitted to the refpeftive coramif-fioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms for that part of Great Britain in which fuch (hip (hall arrive after her faid voyage to the Greenland Seas9 or Davis's Straights, or the feas adjoining; and filch and theboun- commiflioners being fatisfied of the faithful dealings of theraa-ties to be paid, fter and other perfons employed in fuch (hips, withrefpc&to fuch voyage and fiihery, (hall, on demand, caufe payment to t be made to the mafter or owners, or to his or their ailigns, by the receiver general of the cuftoms of that part of Great Britan at which the faid (hip (hall arrive as aforefaid, of the fum of twenty (hillings, and twenty shillings per ton, according to the admeafurement of fuch (hip duly certified as aforefaid, in like manner as to the owners and mailers of Britijh (hips who are intitled to the faid bounties by virtue of the faid laft-mentkmed, or by this aft of parliament.

Regulations to VII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all be obfervedby (hips that (hall be fitted out for the whale fiihery in AmeritOy 2?p,hfittCh ^ a^cr havm£ conformed to all the rules and reftriftions of an ift fore wnale iyiacje jn t he f1Xth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the further encouragement of the whale fijberjy (hall (ail from fuch port where furveyed direftly on her intended fiihery, on or before the firft day ot Majy and (hall not depart or leave Davis's Straights or Greenlandyand feas adjacent, before the twentieth day of Augujly unlefs they have fuch fuccefs as to fill all or fo many caiks with blubber, which (hall antount tonotlefsdun two hundred hogfheads, for a (hip of three hundred tons, and fo in proportion for a (hip of two hundred tons and upward*! or (hould meet with any unavoidable accident, fo as to endanger the lives of the (hip’s crew, which accident (hall be declared

on

Digitized by (^ooQle

1749-] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii It. c. 45;	369

on the oaths of the mafter, mate, carpenter, harpooneers, line-managers, boat-fteerers, arid furgeon belonging to fuch (hip, or fuch of them as (hall be living at th£ time of their arrival in port, to the fatisfatftion of the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in the port of London or Edinburgh refpe&ively; and in cafe of any irregular proceeding contrary hereunto, every fliip fo offending (hall lofe the benefit of this bounty.

VIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, for Foreign prote-the encouragement of fuch foreign proteftants as (hall be will- eaVsdn^* ing to ferve on board the (hips which (hall be fitted out by his board Englifh Majefty’s fubje<5ts to be employed in the faid fifhery. That every (hipsempfoy-perfon born out of the legiance of his Majesty, his heirs and cd in the whale fucceffors, being a proteftant, who (hall ferve during the fpace

pf three years, on board any (hip which (hall be fo fitted out, ^cmfcWM, t« as is directed by the faid a<ft of the fixth year of his prefent be deemed fta-Majefty’s reign herein before mentioned,or by this aft, and which tural born (hall be employed in fuch fifhery as aforefaid, and which perfon fubic&s*

(hall take and fubicribe the oaths, and make, repeat, and fub-fcribe the declaration appointed by an a<ft made in the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled.

An aft for the further fecurity of his Majesty'$ perfon and govern - • merit, and the fucceffton of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being proteftants; and for extinguijhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales; which faid oaths (hall be taken and (ubfcribed, and declaration made, repeated, and fubfcribed in the courts of Chancery, King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, in term time in England, or in any of them, in open court, or before the lords of the council and feflion, or lords judiciary, or barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, or at fome general quarter feffions of the peace, to be held for the county where fuch perfon does or (hall inhabit, refide, or fettle, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, the taking and fubfcribing of which oaths, and the making and repeating, and fubfcribing fuch declaration, (hall be entered on record in the fame courts, for the doing whereof, only one (hilling (hall be paid; every fuch perfog and perfons (lull be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be his Majesty’s natural-bom fubjed and fubje<5ts of this kingdom, to all intents, conftru&ions, and purpofes, as if he and they had been, and were born in this kingdom.

IX.	Provided always, and be it ena<5ted by the authority a-Perfons that

# fbrefaid. That no perfon (hall be naturalized by virtue of this (hdl *°e natu-aA, unlefs fuch perfon (hall have received the facrament of ^erA^t^ctt^! Lord’s (upper in fome proteftant or reformed congregation in factamenHa his Majesty’s dominions, within three months next before his fome Drote-taking fuch oaths, and making and fubfcribing fuch declaration, ttant enurch. and (hall, at the time of his taking fuch oaths, and making and fubfcribing fuch declaration, produce a certificate figned by the perfon adminiftering the faid facrament, and attefted by two credible witnefles, whereof an entry (hall be made in the court where fuch oaths (hall be taken, without any fee or reward, and (hall alfo produce a certificate at the fame time, under the hands Vol. XIX.	B	b	of

Digitized by Google

370	Anno	vicefimo	fecundo	GeoRGH	II; C. 46.	[1749.

of the owner and matter of the (hip or veffel in which he or they (hall have (o ferved, of his or their integrity and good behaviour during the whole time of fuch fervice.

Such perfons X. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no per-fromcertain fon who (hall become a natural-bom fubjeft of this kingdom offices, See, *by virtue of this aft, (hall be of the privy council, or a member of either houfe of parliament, or capable of taking, having, or enjoying any office or place within the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, either civil or military, or taking any grant to himfelf, or to any other in truft for him, of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

None to be na* XI. Provided alfo, .and it is hereby enafted by the authority turalized by aforefaid. That nothing in this aft (hall extend, or be conftru-this aft, who cd to extend, to naturalize any perfon or perfons whatfoever, buS 1 who, by virtue of an aft made in the fourth year of his Majef-cj XI> * ' ty’s reign, (intituled. An aft to explain a clauje in an aft made in the feventh year of the reign of her late majejly £>ueen Anne, for naturalizing foreign proteflants, which relates to the children of natural-born Jubjefts of the crown of England, or of Great Britain) are declared and enafted not to be intitled to the benefit of the faid aft of the feventh year of her faid late Majeftv’s reign, but that all fuch perfons (hall be and remain in the fame date, plight, and condition, to all intents, conftruftions, and pur-poles whatfoever, as they would have done if this aft had never been made; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

Perfons natu- XII, Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-s^lized, going forefaid, That if any perfon fo naturalized by virtue of this aft, jetty's dcmu-a 6° out °f his Majeftv’s dominions in Great Britain or Ire-nionsfor more kmdy or any of his Majesty’s plantations in America^ for more than i year, to than the fpace of twelve months*, at any one time, fuch perfon lofe the bene- (hall lofe the benefit of this aft, to all intents and purpofes t#	whatfoever.

CAP. XLVI.

An aft to continue fcveral laws for preventing exaftions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river Thames weftward, and for afeertaining the rates of water carriage upon the faid river •, and for continuing, explaining, and amending the feveral laws for the better regulation of attornies and folicitofs \ and for regulating the price and afjize of bread •, and for preventing the fpreading of the dijlemper amongft the horned cattle \ and alfo for making further regulations with refpeft to attornies and folicitors; and for further preventing the fpreading of the dijlemper amongft the horned cattle \ and for the more frequent return of writs in the counties palatine of Chefter and Lan-

calter i

Digitized by v^ooQle

1749*3 Anno vicefitno fecundo Georgii II. C. 46. carter j and	for afcertaining the method of levying writs of

execution againft the inhabitants of hundreds; and for allowing Quakers to make affirmation in cafes whert an oath is or Jhalt be required.	,

37*

----- -	   g---- j	J	J *	   J-	9

and be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, 3 qC0( ia c< and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the j>. continued authority of the fame, That an ad made in the third year of to i June,1750* the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for reviving and amending an aft made in the fixth and ftventh yean of the reign	C0,	**

of bis late majejly King William thetThirdy intituled, An ad to prevent exadions of the owners of locks and wears upon the river of Thames weft ward, and for afcertaining the rates of water carriage upon the faid river; which was to continue in force from the firft day of May% one thoufand feven hundred and thirty, for the term of nine years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which by another ad made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-for continuing feveral laws therein mentioned, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the firft day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven; and which by another ad made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for continuing feveral laws therein mentioned, was further continued till the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, till the firft day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifty.

II.	And be it further enaded bv the authority aforefaid. That 2 Geo. •.c. a3; an ad made in the fecond year ot the reign of his prefent Ma- continued to jefty, intituled, An aft for the better regulation of attomies and fo~ 2*Junc> *757* Heitorsy which was to be in force from the firft day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and twenty nine, for the term of nine

years, and from thence to the ena of the then next feflion of parliament; and which by an ad made in the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, for continuing feveral laws therein mentioned, was explained and amended, and further continued until the twenty fourth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby, together with the alterations and amendments made by the (aid ad of the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, and thofe herein after-mentioned, further continued, from the expiration thereof, until * the twenty fourth day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

III.	And for the better preventing unqualified perfons from

B b 2	being

Digitized by UooQle

months of the execution of fuch contracts, &c.

372	Anno	vicefimofecundoGEORGii II. C.46.	[1749;

being admitted attornies and folicitors, and for rendering the faid ad more effectual for the purpofes thereby intended; be it Perfons bound enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon who (hall, to ferve as from an(j after t[le grft jay Qf juiy^ Ono thoufand feven hun-tornies^m" dred an^ f°rty nine> ^ bound by contract in writingto ferve as caufe affidavit a clerk to any attorney or folicitor, as by the faid ad is dire&ed, to be made (hall, within three months next after the date of every fuch con-within three trad, caufe an affidavit to be made and duly fworn of the aftual execution of every fuch contrad, by every fuch attorney or foli-citor, and the perfon fo to be bound to ferve as a clerk as aforefaid ; and in every fuch affidavit (hall be fpecified the names of every fuch attorney and folicitor, and of every fuch perfon fo bound, and their places of abode refpedively, together with Affidavit to be the day of the date of fuch contrad; and every fuch affidavit cd#	(hall be filed within the time aforefaid, in the court where the

attorney or folicitor to w^om every fuch perfon refpedively (hall be bound as aforefaid, hath been inrolled as an attorney or folicitor, with the refpedive officer or officers, or his or their re-fpedive deputy or deputies, in the refpedive courts herein after-mentioned, who (hall make and (ign a memorandum or mark of the day of filing every fuch affidavit at the back or at the bottom thereof.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That no perfon who (hall, after the faid firft day of July, become bound as aforefaid,(hall* be admitted or inrolled an attorney or folicitor in any court in the faid ad mentioned, before fuch affidavit, fo marked by the proper officer as aforefaid, (hall be produced and openly read in fuch court, where fuch perfon (hall be admitted and inrolled an attorney or folicitor.

V.	And it is hereby enaded and declared, That the feveral affidavit fWCh Per^ons following (hall be deemed and taken to be the prop#

officers for filing fuch affidavits in the refpedive courts herein after-mentioned (that is to fay) in the high court of Qmcerj) the fenior clerk of the petty bag office, or his deputy; in the court of Xing's Benchy the chief clerk of that court, or his deputy ; in the court of Common Pleasy the clerk of the warrants of that court, or his deputy $ in the court of Exchequer, the King’s remembrancer of that court, or his deputy; in the court of the dutchy chamber of Lancajler at fVeftminJlery the chief clerk of that court, or his deputy; and in the feveral counties palatine of Cheflery Lancajler, and Durham, the refpedive prothonota-. ries of the faid counties palatine, and their refpedive deputies; and in the feveral courts of the great feflions of 1Vali*y the refpedive prothonotaries of the faid courts, and their refpe&ve deputies.

Book to be yj And jt further enaded, That every fuch officer or of-ing thename* ficers> or the»r refpedive deputy or deputies, filing fuch affidavit and places ot as aforefaid, (hail keep a book, wherein (hall be entered thefub-abode of (lance of fuch affidavit, fpecifying the names and places of abode every fuch at- Qf every fuch attorney or folicitor, and clerk or perfon bound as

tomeV• and _z* r • l j -	_____r _ L!   c L — j •.  !aL . a 1...

None to be admitted before fuch affidavit be produced.

Officers who

torney,

&c.

aforefaid, and of the perfon making fuch affidavit, with the date

of

Digitized by v^ooQle

i749*] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 46*	373

Of the articles or contract in fuch affidavit to be mentioned, and the days of fwearing and filing every fuch affidavit refpedtively $ and every fuch officer or officers, or his or their deputy or deputies, (hall be at liberty to take, at the time of filing every fuch affidavit, the fum of two fhillings and fix pence, and no more, as a recompence for his trouble in filing fuch affidavits, and f<>r filing preparing and keeping fuch books as aforefaid, and which faid thc fffidaviu* books (hall and may be fearched in office hours, by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, without fee or reward.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the faid No attorney firft day of July, no attorney or foligtor (hall take, have, or re-tj*kc»Ac-a tain any clerk, who (hall become bound by contract in writing difcontinuin« as aforefaid, after Aich attorney or folicitor (hall have difconti- bufinefc. * nued or left off, or during fuch time as he {frail not adtually

pradtife as, or carry on the bufinefs of an attorney or folicitor.

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That every perfon who (hall, Clerks to be from and after the faid firft day of July* become bound, by con- employed in trad! in writing, to ferve any attorney or folicitor, as by the faid bufine?s°iur-adl is diredted, {hall, during the whole time and term of fervice, jng thc time" to be fpecified in fuch contradt, continue and be adtually em- of their con^ ployed by fuch attorney or folicitor, or his or their agent or a- traft. gents, in the proper bufinefs, pradlice, or employment of an attorney or folicitor.-

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, If any fuch Affidavit of attorney or folicitor, to or with whom aoy fuch perfon (hall be the execution fo bound, {hall happen to die before the expiration of fuch term, contradts by or (hall difeontinueor leave off fuch his pradtice as aforefaid, or if fuch clerk*; fuch contradt (hall by mutual qonfent of khe parties be cancelled, the fervice of dr in cafe fuch clerk {hall be legally difeharged by any rule or 5 years to be order of the court, wherein fuch attorney or^olicitor {hall pjac- d^mcd tife, before the expiration of fuch term, and fuch clerk {hall in

any of the faid cafes be bound by another contradt, or other contradts, in writing to ferve,. and {hall accordingly ferve in manner herein before-mentioned, as clerk to any other fuch pradtifing attorney or attornies, folicitor or folicitors as aforefaid refpedtively, during the refidue of the faid term of five years, then fuch fervice {hall be deemed and taken to be as good, effectual, and available, as if fuch clerk had continued to ferve as a clerk for the faid term, to the fame perfon to whom he was originally bound, fo as an affidavit be duly made and filed of the execution of fuch fecond or other contradt or contradts, within the time, and in like manner, as is before diredted concerning fuch original contradt.

X.	And be it further enadted. That ever}' perfon who, from cieiks, before and after the faid firft day of July> fhall become bound as a clerk admitted, to as aforefaid, fhall, before he be admitted an attorney or folicitor make affidavit according to the faid adt, caufc an affidavit of himfelf, or fuch edvear* V attorney or folicitor, to whom he was bound as aforefaid, to be 5 *

duly made and filed with the proper officer herein before for that purpofe appointed, that he hath adtually and really ferved gnd been employed by fuch pradtifing attorney or attornies, fo-

B b 3	Jicitor

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 46.	[1749.

licitor or folicitors, to whom he was bound as aforefaid, or his or their agent or agents, during the faid whole terra of five yearsa according to the true intent and meaning of this adt.

XL And whereas divers perfons who are not examined*, fwom% or admitted to aft as attormes or folicitors in any court of law or equity, do, in conjunftion with, or by the afjijlance or connivance of certainfworn attornies and folicitors, and by various fubtle contrivances, intrude themfelves into, and aft and praftife in the office and bufmefs of attornies and folicitors, to the great prejudice and lofs of many of his Majejifs fuvjeftsy and the fcandal of the profeffion of the lawi Sworn attor- be it therefore enadted, That from and after tne twenty ninth niesaaingas day 0f September, which lhall be in the year of our Lord one fon^notaSa-" t^ou^anc^ feven hundred and forty nine, if any fworn attorney lined, tco. ' °r folicitor (hall adt as agent for any perfon or perfons, not duly qualified to adt as an attorney or folicitor as aforefaid, or permit or fuffer his name to be any ways made ufe of upon the account, or for the profit of any unqualified perfon or perfons, or fend any procefs to fuch unqualified perfon or perfons, thereby to enable him or them to appear, adt, or pradtife in any re-fpedt as an attorney or folicitor, knowing him not to be duly

?qualified as aforefaid, and complaint lhall be made thereof in a ummary way to the court from whence any fuch procefs did iffue, and proof made thereof, upon oath, to the fatisfadtion of the court, that fuch fworn attorney or folicitor hath offended therein as aforefaid, then, and in fuch cafe, every fuch attorney to be (truck or folicitor fo offending, (hall be (truck off the roll, and for off the roll, ever after difabled from pradtifing as an attorney or folicitor 5 and in that cafe, and upon fuch complaint and proof made as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid court to and to be commit fuch unqualified perfon, fo adting or pradtifing as afore-committed. faid, to the prifon of the faid court, for any time not exceeding one year.

XII. And whereas frequent delays? inconveniencies, and unneceffiary expences arife and happen, as well to parifhes as private perfons, by the mfmanagement and unjkilfulnefs of perfons employed as folicitors or agents at the fefftons held for the Jeveral counties, ridings, d'wi~ fions, cities, towns corporate, and other places of this kingdom, who having never been regularly bred to the law, and being ignorant of the forms and operations thereof offenders againjl the laws of the land have frequently efcaped with impunity: for remedying therefore of thefe inconveniencies, be it enadted by the authority ne ^ a# aforefaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of Sep-attornieiVho t ember, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand were not ad- feven hundred and forty nine, no perfon whatfoever (hall adt as initted accord-a folicitor, attorney or agent, or fue out any procefs, at any general or quarter fefiions of the peace for any county, riding, % o. 1.0.23. djvjf10n^ cjty^ town corporate, or other place within this kingdom, either with refpedt to matters of a criminal or civil nature, unlefs fuch perfon (hall have been heretofore admitted an attorney of one of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wcjiminjler, and duly inrolled purfuant to an adt made in the fecond year of his ;	prefer*

Digitized by

1749*1 Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 46.	375

prefent Majefty’s reign, (intituled, An aft for the better regulation of attornies and folicitors) or unlefs fuch perfon (hall hereafter be admitted an attorney, and inrolled as aforefaid by virtue of this aft, or fuch other law as*(hall be then in being, and unlefs fuch perfon (hall continue fo entered upon the roll, at the time of luch his afting in the capacity aforefaid; but all and every perfon or perfons refpeftively, wno (hall fo aft, not being admitted and inrolled as aforefaid, (hall be fubjeft and liable to a penalty Penalty 50 J. of fifty pounds $ to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Wefiminjier, by any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, within with treble twelve months after the offence committed, with treble cofts of cofts. fuit; and if any attorney or attornies (hall permit and fuffer Attornies fuf-any perfon or perfons whatfoever, not being admitted and in- faring perfons rolled as aforefaid, to make ufe of his or their name or names notadn^tted refpeftively, in the courts of general or quarter feflions aforer tofor-faid, fuch attorney or attornies refpeftively (hall be fubjeft and fejt 5<> j, liable to a like penalty of fifty pounds, to be recovered in man- See *3 Geo. s. ner aforefaid.	c- *6-

XIII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall pcrfons cx-extend, or be conftrued to extend, to deprive the attornies of empted. the dutchy of Lancafier, or of the courts of great feflions in

Wales, or of the counties palatine of Chejler, Lancafter, and Dur-t ham, from afting within their refpeftive jurifdiftions.

XIV.	And, to the end that juftice may be impartially admi- N.o clerk of niftered in the feveral general or quarter feflions of this king-

dom, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no derk of the peace, or his deputy, nor any under fheriff, or his attornies, &c. deputy, (hall, from and after the (aid twenty ninth day of Sep- at quarter fef-tember, aft as a folicitor, attorney, or agent, or fue out any pro- fions for the cefs, at any general or quarter feflions of the peace to be held county* for fuch county, riding,, divifion, city, town corporate, or other place within this kingdom, where he (hall execute the office of clerk of the peace, or deputy clerk of the peace, under (heriff, or deputy, on any pretence whatfoever; bqt if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or any under (heriff, or his deputy, (hall prefume to aft as a folicitor, attorney, or agent as aforefaid, fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, under (heriff, or his deputy refpeftively, (hall be fubjeft and liable to a like penalty of penalty 501. fifty pounds, to be recovered in manner aforefaid.

XV.	And whereas feveral perfons have been bound by articles in writing to attornies of one of his Majefiy's courts at Weftminfter, to ferve them as their clerks for the term of five years, which attor-nies have died before the expiration of the /aid five years, and after their deaths fuch perfons fo botpid have ferved the remainder of the faid term with fome other attornies of the faid courts, but have regie ft ed to enter into articles with the faid other attornies for the remainder of the term of five years, and therefore doubts have arifen, whether fuch perfons could be admitted attornies of any of his Maje-fly s courts, by reafon that fuch fervice was not jlriftly in purfuance of the direftionof the before-mentioned aft j be it therefore enafted

B b 4	and

Digitized by t^ooQle

with others without frdh contrails, to be admitted.

Perforts admitted fworn clerks in the office of the

376	Anno	vicefimo	fecundo	Georgii	II, c.46.	[1749*

Clerks, whofe and declared by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch perfons mafters have wh0 ^a]j have 5ecn f0	as	aforefaid for the term of five

the refidu^of years t0 attornies of any of his Majesty’s courts at Weftminjler, their times which faid attornies (hall have died before the determination of the faid term, if fuch perfons (hall afterwards, and before the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, have ferved the refidue of the faid term of five years, with lbme other attornies of one of his Majesty’s faid courts, though without entering into any new articles, iuch perfons having fo ferved during faid term of five years, (hall and may be admitted attornies in any of his Majesty’s courts at IVeflminJitr \ any thing iif the faid ad, or in this prefent ad, contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That any perfon who (hall have been admitted a fworn clerk in the office of the fix clerks of the court of * Chancery^ or (hall fix clerks,'"or have been bound by contrad in writing, to ferve as a clerk for bound for five and during the fpace of five years, to a fworn clerk in the faid years, &c. office, and for and during the faid term of five years (hall have Continued in fuch fervice, or (hall have continued in fuch fervicc for the fpace of three years, or more, and (hall have been admitted a waiting clerk, and aded as fuch during the refidue of the faid term ot five years, may be examined, fworn, pnd admitted and inrollcd as a folicitor, in the fame manner as folici-tors in courts of equity are by the faid ad required to be examined, fworn, admitted, and inrolled 5 any thing in the faid ad to the Contrary notwithftanding.

Clerks whofe XVII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded, That mafters have if any fworn clerk in the faid fix clerks office, with and to whom fm/perfon hath been, or (hall be bound by contrad in writing as aforefaid, to ferve as a clerk for thefterm of five years, (hall happen to die before the expiration of the faid term of five years, or if fuch contrad (hall, by mutual confent of the parties, be vacated, or in cafe fiich clerk be legally difeharged by any rule or order of the faid court of Chancery, before the expiration of the faid term of five years 5* then, and in any of the faid cafes, if fuch clerk (hall by contrad in writing be obliged to ferve, and (hall accordingly ferve as a clerk to any other fworn clerk in the faid fix clerks office, or to any folicitor who (hall be fworn, admitted, and inrolled, purfuantto the faid ad of the fecond year , of his prefent Majefty, during the refidue of the faid term of five years, then fuch fervicc (hall be deemed and taken to be as good and effedual as if fuch clerk had continued to ferve as a clerk for the term of five years to the fame perfon to whom he was originally bound by contrad in writing as aforefeid.

No fwom derk XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by to have more the authority aforefaid, That no fworn clerk in tlie faid fix — clerks office (hall have more than two clerks at one and the fame time, including the clerk who (hall be entered on the roll kept by the mafter of the rolls, or his fecrctary for that pur-pofe.

£IX. Prpr

may be ad mjtted lolici tort.

died. See. entering into frefti contrails, and ferving the refidue of their time, the fame to be dfeduaJ.

than two clerks.

Digitized by

1749-] Anno vlcefimo fecundo GeoRGII II. C, 46.	377

XIX.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further declared and Perfons dialed by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this aft con-tained (hall extend or be conftr'ued to extend to the taking or binding, examination, fwearing, admiffion, or inrollment of the attornies, or clerks of the offices of the King’s remembrancer, ireafurer’s remembrancer, pipe, or office of pleas, in the court

of Exchequer at IVeJlminJler for the time being, but that the faid attornies, and clerks ot the faid refpeftive offices (hall and may be taken, bound, approved, fworn, admitted, and praftife in the faid court of Exchequer, in like manner as they ufually have been, and might have done before the making of this aft, and may praftife in any .other of the courts of record before-mentioned, in the name, and with the confent of fome fworn attorney of fuch court, fuch confent being in writing, and (igned by fuch attorney as aforefaid, in the manner as they have ufually been and might have done before the making of this aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of her late

majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An aft to regulate the price and % Annx,c. 18. ajfiz* of bread; which was to be in force for three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and by an aft made in the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George, for continuing fcveral laws therein mention- iGeo. i.c.a^ ed, was explained, amended, and continued for the further term of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, which faid aft and alterations had further continuance by feveral fubfequent afts, and was by an aft made in the faid twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty ex- ,a Geo. 2, plained at>d amended, and further continued from the expira-c. 13. tion thereof, to the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fortv eight, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion ot parliament,

(hall be, and the fame is hereby, together with the alterations and amendments herein after-mentioned, further continued from continued to the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June, 24 June, «75/* which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

XXI.	And whereas it is often very difficult for the magijlrate or jujiice or juftices of the peace before whom bread is complained of, to. know under what denomination the bread ought to be weighed, pur-fuant to the dir eft ions of the faid afts of the eighth of Queen Anne, and firft of his late Majefiy; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every common baker, and every perfon who (hall Bakers to im-make or bake for fale, or any ways expofe to fale, any fort of print on every bread whatsoever, (hall, from and after the firft day ot Augujl, *oat a certaiu which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hun- lcttcr>

dred and forty nine, fairly imprint or mark or caufe to be imprinted or marked, on every loaf fo by Jiim made or expofed to (ale, the letters herein after mentioned (that it to fay) upon

pvery

Digitized by LjOOQle

378	*	Anno	vicefimo	fecundo	Georgxi	II.	c.	46.	£1749.

every loaf expofed to fale as white bread, a large Roman W. and upon every loaf expofed to fale as wheaten bread, a large Roman W H. and upon every loaf expofed to fale as houlhold bread, a large Roman H. ana every perfon felling, or expofing

Limitation of this regulation.

19 Geo. a* c. 5.

*0 Geo. 2. c-4*

*1 Geo. 1. c. 33.

continued to 24 Sept. 1749

Farther conii-iiued Ay 27 Geo. 2« c. 24.

laid upon perfons felling or expofing to fale any bread deficient in weight, are by the faid aft of the firft of his faid late Majefty’s reign to be adjudged, levied, and recovered.

XXII.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft (hall extend, orbeconftrued to extend, to any fort of bread, but what is mentioned in the faid afts of the eighth of Queen Amu, and the firft of his late Majefty.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign of hispre-fent Majefty, intituled, An aft to enable his Majejly to make rules, orders, and regulations, more cffeftually to prevent the fpreading of the dijlemper which now rages atnrngji the horned cattle in this king-do 77, which was to continue and be in force for the fpaceof eight months, and to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which by an aft made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was explained, amended, and continued, and to be in force with the faid lad-mentioned aft, for thefpace of eight months, from the tenth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament; and which faid afts, by an aft made in the twenty firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for continuing feveral laws therein mentioned, were further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament; (hall be, and the fame are hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament.

XXIV.	And whereas it is apprehended, that the diflemper wtkb fill rages amongjl the horned cattle, has been greatlyfpread and in-creafei by tanners and others buying the hides andJkins ojinfefted beajfs,

and carrying the fame Jecretly to their Tanner to preventing the fame for the fut

give notice to nty aforefaid, That every tanner, tawer, or drefler of hides or

the excife of- /iZ.	t__________!	 /i.:_	____

tan-yards: Wherefore for future, be it enafted by the autho-

ficer^befbre he ^ms before brings any raw hide or (kin of any bull, brings any ox, cow, calf, fteer, or heifer, into his tan-yard, workhoufe, rawhides, See. warehouse, or place ufed for drefling or manufafturing of hides, into his tan- or (kins, give notice to the officer of excife of the diftrift in which yard. See. fuch tan_yarcj or drcfling-place is fituated, and whofe furvey the faid tanner, tawer, or drefler of hides (hall be under andfubje& to for the time being, and produce to the faid officer a certificate, under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, or commiffioner or commifilon-

ers

Digitized by v^ooQle

379

1749*] Anno vicefimo fecundp Georgii II. c. 46.

crs of the land tax, fpecifying the colour of fuch hide or (kin, the name and place of abode of the owner of fuch hide or (kin* and that upon examination on oath of one or more credible per* fon or perfons, it appeared to the perfon or perfons fening and fealing fuch certificate, that the bead from which fuch hide or (kin was taken was found, and free from any infection ; which certificate (hall by the faid officer be entered into a book to be kept for that purpofe; and if any tanner, tawer, or drefler of hides or (kins, (hall bring or fuffer to be brought into his tan* yard or tan-pits, or other place ufed for dreffingor manufacturing hides or (kins, any fuch raw hide or (kin, or (hall tan or' drefs, or manufacture any fuch raw hide or (kin, without giving fuch notice, and producing fuch certificate as aforefaid, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fura Pcnalty °*I0* of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied, as the feve-ral forfeitures are by the faid aCt of the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, to be recovered, levied, and applied.

XXV.	And it is hereby further enaCted, That all and evely Officers im-

or any of the officers of excife, aCting and employed in anydii- powered to triCl wherein any tan-yard, workhoufe, or wafehoufe, or place cnt*** fordreffing or manufacturing of hides or (kins is fituateana be-	*°

ing, (hall and may, at all times, by day or by night (and if in hides brought the night, then in the prefence of a conftable, or other lawful in contrary to officer of the peace) be permitted, upon his or their requeft, to thisa6t,&c. enter into any fuch tan-yard, workhoufe, warehoufe, or place,

in order to fearch for hides and (kins fufpeCted to be brought and Conveyed into the fame refpeCtively, contrary to, and againft the tenor and true meaning of this aCt, and then and there to fearch and examine, or caufe to be fearched or examined, any tan- pit, fat, or other place, were any fuch hide or (kin is fufpeCted to be laid, hid, put, or concealea; and if any tanner, tawer, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall obftruCt or hinder any fuch officer or officers in the execution of his or their duty, power, or authority given to* veiled in, and required of him and them refpeCtively by this aCt, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered, applied, and difpofed of in manner afore-mentioned.

XXVI.	And whereas it is neceffary to encourage and promote the breeding of cattle, the number being greatly decreafed by the faid mor- His Majefly tality ; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That it

(hall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by advice of his privy EninglCowC council, to prohibit and forbid the killing or (laughtering of cow calves! calves ; in luch counties and places, and in fuch manner, and at fuch times, as his Majesty, during the continuance of the faid aCts of the nineteenth and twentieth years of his prefent Majefty’s _ , reign, (hall judge proper; and all and every perfon offendingagainft f0^Jt fuch order and prohibition, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied, as other forfeitures bv the faid aCts are to be recovered, levied, and applied.

XXVII.	And to prevent the fpreading of the faid infectious diftemper, by perfons who frequently buy qp cattle in infeCted

places.

A

Digitized by

gSo Anno viccfimo fccundo Gtorgii II. c.46.	[1749*

places, and (bon after difpofe of the fame in places free from the infe&ion, contrary to thq true intent and meaning of the laid adts, and the orders and regulations made by his Majesty in council, be it enadtedby the authority aforefaia, That from and after the firft day of July9 onethoufand feven hundred and forty Regulations to nine, no perfon whatfoever, by himfelf, his Servant, or agent, beobferved by (hall fell or difpofe of any living ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer, or hei-the* fellers of fer, until the fame (hall have been the property of fuch perfon horned cattle. for thc term of forty days at the leaft; and in proof of fuch property, the feller (hall produce a certificate, under the hand of the perfon of whom fuch ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer, or heifer, was laft bought or purchafed, (ignifying the time when he pur-chafed the fame 5 and every perfon who (hall fell or difpofe of any ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer, or heifer, without producing fuch certificate, and (hall be thereof convidled by his, her, or their own confeflion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or town corporate where the offence (hall be committed, (hall, for every ox, bull, cow, Offenders to ca^> fleet*, or heifer, fo fold or difpofed of, forfeit and pay the forfeit jol. fum of ten pounds, unlefs fuch perfon (hall by himfelf, his a-gent, or Servant, make oath before the faid juftice or juftices (which oath the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impow> ered to adminifter) that the faid ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer, or heifer, has been his property for more than forty days, the faid forfeiture to be adjudged, levied, and recovered in fuch manner as the penalty of ten pounds is, by the faid adt of the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to be adjudged, levied, and recovered, j one moiety of the faid forfeiture to.be given to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the partfh where the offence (hall be committed.

Penalty of XXVIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-giving falfe faid, That every perfon who thall, from and after the faid firft certificates, day of July, fell or difpofe of any ox, bull, cow, calf, fteer, or heifer, and (hall give a falfe or untrue certificate of the time of thefaleof fuch cattle, and every perfon who (hall accept of fuch , falfe or untrue certificate, knowing the fame to be fuch, (hall forfeit and pay the like fum of ten pounds, to be adjudged, levied, recovered, and difpofed of in the manner above-direded. Regulations to XXIX. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That beobferved by from and after the firft day of July\ which (hall be in the year the drivers of Qf our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, if any ifany fickeri Arover* or perfon or perfons driving and conducing horned cat-011 the road, tie from one place to another, (hall find any beaft or beads in his drift ficken upon the road, fo to as be unable to proceed forward in their journey, fuch drover, or perfon or perfon? driving fuch horned cattle, (hall forthwith give notice thereof to the conftable, head-borough, or churchwarden of the parifti or place wherein fuch beaft or beafts (hall ficken, in order that the fame may be (lain and burie 1, the (kin being firft flalhed, if deemed %o be ill of tfie diftemper now raging amongft the horned cattle,

m

Digitized by Google

1749-1 Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 46.	g8x

in the opinion of the officer of fuch parifh or place fo fummon-ed, and of two other fubftantial inhabitants of the faid parifh or place, whom the laid officer is hereby impowered, by a note in writing under his hand to fummon to his affiftance 5 and in cafe offenders to any drover, or perfon or perfons driving horned cattle, (hall fail forfeit iol. herein, or (hall conceal or drive out of the way, without giving fuch notice, any fuch lick beaft or beads, he or they fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay ten pounds, to the ufe of the poor of fuch parifti or place wherein fuch beaft or beads (hall be found tick or dead, to be levied on his or their goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of any juftice of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, liberty, city, or town corporate, wherein (uch drover, or perfon or perfons driving fuch horned cattle (hall be taken; and in cafe ot nonpayment, fuch drover, and on non-or perfon or perfons, (hall be committed to the common gaol payment to be of fuch county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, divifion, liberty, city, committed, or town corporate, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of fix calendar months, or until he or they (hall have paid the faid penalty.

XXX. And whereas his Majefiy hath, in pursuance of the faid afts of parliament, by his order in council, bearing date the twenty fecond day of March, one thoufand Jeven hundred and forty feven, made and eJtabUJbed certain rules, orders, and regulations for the better preventing the fpreading of the faid infection, and putting a flop to the dijlemper; which rules, orders, and regulations have been found beneficial \ be it therefore enacted by the authority afore-faid. That the faid order in council, and all the rules, orders, Hij and regulations therein contained and inferted (except fuch andorder COun-fo much of them, or any of them refpedtively, as his Majesty, cil declared to his heirs and fucceffors, at any time or times during the conti- be valid, &c. nuance of the faid former adts, (hall, with the advice of his and their privy council, judge proper and expedient to repeal, alter, or vary) (hall be in force, and the fame, and alfo fuch other rules, orders, and regulations, variations and additions, as (hall be made by virtue of, and in purfuance and under the power and authority of this prefent adt, and the faid former adts, (hall be obferved and obeyed by all his Majesty’s fubjedts, during the continuance of the faid former acts, under the penalty of ten Offenders to pounds, inflidted and diredted to be levied by the faid former adts forfeit l0l«

' for every offence committed againft the fame.

XXxI. And it is hereby further enadted and declared. That all the powers and authorities given by the faid order of council, Order of or which (hall be given by any fubfequent order of council by ^be executed virtue of the authority aforefaid, to jufticcs of the peace, and ana declared other magiftrates, and to commiflioners of the land tax, infpec- valid, tors, and other officers appointed in that behalf, (hall be duly executed, and are hereby eftablifhed, and enadted and declared to be as good and valid in the law, to all intents and purpofes, during the continuance of the faid order or orders, as if the fame were herein repeated, and ex prefly enadted.

XXXII.	And be it further enadted. That from and after thp 2	fifteenth

Digitized by

Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRGII 11. c. 46.'	[1749,

fifteenth day of Juney one thoofand feven hundred and forty nine, all and every perfon and perfons who (hall by (one or threats intimidate, hinder, or prevent the (aid juftias, raagif-trates, comtnifiioners, infpedtars, or other officer*, from executing the faid rules, orders, and regulations, or from performing their refpedtive duties in relation thereto, or who (hall enterinto any combination, confederacy, or fiibfcription, to difobey the faid order or orders in council, or to defeat, hinder, or prevent the execution thereof, (hall over and befide the penalty into forfeit 50I. fli<fted by the faid adt, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds;

to be recovered by bill, plaint, fuit, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at	by	any	perfon	or

perfons who (hall inform and fueforthe fame, to go and be paid to and for the foie ufe and benefit of fuch perfon or perfons ref-pedtively, with full cofis of fuit.

Limitation of XXXIII. Provided, and be it further enabled. That if any a»inn«. adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this or any of the faid former acts, in every fuch cafe the adtion or fuit (hall be brought within fix calendar months next after the fa<ft committed, and not afterwards, and in the county where the fad hath been, or (hall be committed, and not elfewhere; and the defendant and defendants in fuch adtion and fuit to be brought (hall and may General iffue. plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter of his defence in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of the faid former adts, or tbupre* fent adl^ and if the fame (hall appear fo to be done, or fbch adtion or fuit to be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other county, place or places than where the fadt was committed, then the juiy (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon fuch venuA, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his or their adtion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon demurrer, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant and defendants, in every Treble cofts. fuch cafe, (hall and may recover treble cods, and have fuch remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath orhave in any cafes by law.

Regulations to XXXIV.- And be it further, eoadfed by the authority afare* * ™-	* faid. That no writ of execution hereafter to be fued out againft

the inhabitants of any hundred, on any judgment obtained by virtue of any adt or adts of parliament wnatioever, (hall be levied on any particular inhabitant or inhabitants of fuch hundred, but the (heriff or (heriffs (hall, on receipt of every fuch writ, caufe the fame to be produced to two juftices of the peace, in fuch manner as is diredfed by the ftatute made in the eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An a£} for tit e-mendment of the law relating to afltons on the ftatute of Hue and Cry; and that thereupon the faid juftices (hall, in the manner directed by the faid adt, caufe a taxation to be made, levied, and collcdfed, for railing and paying, as well the cofts and damages

be observed with regard to writs of execution fued out a-ainft i

8 Geo. t. c. 16,

384

Perfons dif-obeyingor obftructing, kc.

Digitized by booQle

3$3

1749.J Anno vfcelimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 4

mages recovered by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, as alfo all fuch juft ana neceffary expences as any inhabitant or inhabitants of fuch hundred (hall have been at m defending any fuch adtion, the fame being firft proved on oath, and the attorney’s bill being firft taxed in fuch manner as the faid adt directs j and the fums of money fo to be levied and colledted (hall, within the time by the (aid adt limited, be paid to the (heriff or (heriffs, and by him or them paid or delivered over to the pcrfons intitled to receive the fame, without any dedudtion, fee or reward whatfoever.

XXXV,	Whereas all writs relating to actions depending in the court offeffion fl/'Chefter, or in the court ^Common Pleas, held in and for the county palatine	Lancafter, are returnable at the great

feffions, and feffions of affixes held refpeftively for the faid counties, and at no other time, by which means no aftion that is commenced in the faid courts can be brought to iffue, and tried9 before the next fef-fion or feffion of affixes but one after fuch aftion is commenced at the fooneft, which is ufually near a year, and a great delay to the fuitors of the faid courts, and many other inconveniencies do attend the want of more frequent returns of vjrits in the faid courts: for remedy whereof, and for the greater eafe and benefit of the fuitors in the fame, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, all writs of capias, and otherofwritsinthe mefne proceft, to anfwer relating to any adtion or fuit, to be court of fef-brought or commenced in the faid courts of fefiion for the faid (ion °f Ch«f-county of Chejler, and court of Common Pleas for the faid coun- court of Com-ty of Lancafter, that (hall bear tefte in the preceding feflion, or ^*n p}cag ieffionof aflizes refpedtively, (hall and may be made returnable of Lancafter, • before his Majesty’s juftices of the faid feflion at Chejler, or fef-fions of aflizes for the county of Lancafter, on the firft IVednef-day of any month in each of the two vacations annually, betwixt the faid feflion or feflions of aflizes, or at the firft day of the next feflion or feflions of aflizes refpedtively, at the eledtion of the plaintiff or plaintiffs, his, her, or their attorney, who (hall fue out the fame; and that all fuch writs or procefs which (hall UTue out of the faid courts refpedtively, returnable in the vacations as aforefaid, and whereon or wherewith the defendant or defendants (hall be arrefted or ferved with a copy or copies, fiich defendant or defendants (hall appear and file fpecial bail, or enter a common appearance, as the cafe (hall require, on the day of fuch return, or within eight days next after $ and in cafe of neglect in bailable adtions, the (heriff, under (heriff, or other officer, (hall at the requeft and cofts of the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch adtion or fuit, his, her, or their attorney or agent, af-(ign to fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the bail bond taken for the defendant’s appearance upon the arreft, by indorfement and attef-tation under his hand in the prefence of two or more credible Witnefles ; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch adtion, after fuch aflignment made, may bring an adtion or fuit upon fuch bail bond, in his or their own name or names; and the faid courts may, by rule or rules thereof refpedtively, give fuch re-

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgia II. c.+S.	[*74+

lief to the plaintiffs and defendants in the original aftion, and to the bail, fo fued upon the bail bond, as is agreeable to jof-tice and reafon; and in cafe of fervice, the copy of writs or pro-cefs, returnable in the vacation time as aforefaid, and the da-fendant or defendants fo ferved therewith, (hall not appear at the return of fuch writ pr procefs, or within eight days next after the return thereof as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch aftion, upon affidavit being made and filed with the prothonotary of the faid courts rcfpeftively, or his deputy, of the perfonal iervice of fuch procefs as aforefaid, to enter a common appearance or appearances for the defendant or defendants, and to proceed thereon, as if fuch defendant or defendants had entered his, her, or their appearance j and that all writs which (hall be made returnable in the faid courts refpeftively, on fuch return days as aforefaid, (hall and may (in cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs declare according to the practice of the faid courts refpeftively) be proceeded upon in like manner as if the fame had been made returnable at the preceding feflion or feflion of aflizes for the faid counties palatine refpeftively ; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	And whereas a doubt hath arifeti, whether the /clem affirmation or declaration of the people called Quakers, prefcribei tj S Geo. i.c. 6. an ma^e ln tb* eighth year if the reign of his late majefty Kini * * George the Firft, Qintituled, An aft for granting* the people called Quakerj, fuch forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under) can be allowed and taken inflead of an oath, in any cafe wherein by any all or alls of parliament an oath is required[, unlejs the faid affirmation or declaration be by fuch all or alls of parliament particularly and ex-prefty dir cited to be allowed and taken inflead offuch oath; by^feajsn of which doubt the teflimony of the faid people called Quakers, isjt(-quently refufedy whereby the faid people, and others requiring tbeir evidence, are fubjelled to great inconveniencies: therefore for removing the faid doubt, be itenafted and declared by the autho-Affinnation of rity aforefaid. That in all cafes wherein by any aft or afts of Quakers al- parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, an oath is or callusin?ieu of he allowed, authorized, direfted, or required, the folemn an oath re- affirmation or declaration of any of the people called Quakerj, quired by aft in the form prefcribed by the faid aft made in the eighth year of parliament. cf his faid late Majefty’s reign, (hall be allowed and taken in-(lead of fuch oath, although no particular or exprefs provifion be made for that purpofe in fuch aft or afts ; and all perfons who are or (hall be authorized or required to adminifler fucb oath, (hall be, and are hereby authorized and required to ad-minifter the faid affirmation or declaration; and the faid folemn affirmation or declaration, fo made as aforefaid, (hall be adjudged and taken, and is hereby enafted and declared to be of the fame force and effeft, to all intents and purpofes, in all courts of juftice, and other places, where by law an oath is or (hall be allowed,, authorized, directed, or required, as if fuch

Digitized by

Google

1749*] Anno vicefimo fecuhdo Georgii II. c 47.	385

Quaker had taken an oath in theufual form ; and if any perfon making fuch affirmation or declaration, (hall be lawfully con-Penalty on vidted of having wilfully, falfely, and corruptly affirmed or de- falicaffirming dared any matter orthing, which, if the fame had been depofed in the ufual form, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt peijury, every perfon fo offending, fhall incur and fuffer the like pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as by the laws and ftatutes of this realm are to be inflidted on perfons convidted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXVII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enadted. That no Not to extend Quaker (hall, by virtue of this adt, be qualified or permitted to to criminal give evidence in any criminal cafes, or to ferve on juries, or to cafcs* bear any office or place of profit in the government; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

C A P. XLVII.

An aft for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall dfifs* within the town and borough of Southwark, and the fever al parijhes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey, Chrift Church Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the county of Surry, and the feveralprecinfts and liberties of the fame.

\X7HEREAS fever al perfons living and refiding within the ** town and borough of Southwark in the county of Surry, and the feverd parijhes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington,

Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey, Chrift Church, late part of Saint Saviour’s, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the faid county of Surry, and the feveral precinfts and liberties thereof contra ft many fmall debts, which in the whole amount yearly to a great fum of rrloney; and although they are well able to pay fuch debtSy yet they refufe fo to do, prefuming on the difcouragements which their creditors lie under from the expence which they are unavoidably put to in Juingfor the fame, and the delays they meet with even after they have obtained judgement 5 and as nothing contributes more to the promoting of induflry, and the fupport of ufeful credity than providing an eafy andfpeedy methodfor recovering of fmall debts; may it therefore pleafeyoar moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enadted ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may The be lawful to and for fuch parifhioners of the feveral and refpec- ners to meet tive parifhes within the faid town and borough of Southwarky in their velt-and of the feveral parifhes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at New- nes*.and to ingtony Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey, Chrift Churchy late part commiflioncA of and comprized in the parifh of Saint Savioury Saint Mary Lambeth» and Saint Mary at Rotberhithey in the faid county of Surryy as have a right to alterable in their feveral and refpedtive veftrfes, and they are hereby refpedtively impowered and requir-Vol. XIX.	C	c	ed,

Digitized by L.ooQle

point.

Lifts to be made out.

386	Anno	vicefimo	fecundo	Georgii	II. C. 47.	1*749*

cd, within two calendar months after the making and pafiing of this a&; and alfo on the Tuefdoy next after the feaft of Eaftert which will be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, and lo on every Tuefdoy next after the feaft of Eafter in every fucceftive year, to nominate and afiign, in the whole, the number of one hundred and thirty two of the moft fubftantial and difcreet perfons redding within their refpe&ive parifhes, who are to be commillioners for the purpofes herein after-mentioned and exprefled, to be appointed by fuch parifh-ioners-ofthe faid feveral parilhes in manner following; videlicett fuch pariftiloners of the faid parifh of Saint Olave in Southwark* The number t0 nominate and affign twelve of the faid perions; the parifh parUhStoap-	7°^n	m	Southwark	other	twelve;	the parifh of Saint

George in Southwark other twelve; the parifh of Saint Thomas in Southwark fix; the faid parifh of Saint Saviour eighteen ;4the faid parifh of Newington twelve; the faid parilh of Saint Mary Mag-dak* Bermondfey eighteen ; the faid parifh of Chrift Church fix ; the faid parifh of Lambeth eighteen; and the (aid parifh of Ro~ therbithe eighteen; and the churchwardens of each refpe&ive parifh for the time being, or pne of them, (hall, within two days next after fuch nomination, caufe two lifts to be made out of the feveral perfons fo refpe&ively nominated and appointed to be ftuck on as aforefaid ; and fhall came one of the lifts, or a true copry the church thereof, to be fixed or ftuck up on the church door of their ref-liwetUo the	>	and	(hall	deliver,	or	caufe to be delivered, the

chief bailiff, other to the chief bailiff of the faid town and borough of South-and a copy to work, or his deputy, who fhall forthwith caufe a copy of fuch be ftuck up in ]ifts to be made, and ftuck up in fome convenient part of the the town hall. town	Qf t^c fey town	borough of Southwark ; which

faid perfons, lo nominated and returned for the faid feveral pa-riftues rcfpe&ively as aforefaid, from time to time, are hereby declared, conftituted, and appointed to be commiffioners to hear and determine all fuch matters of debt as are herein after-mentioned ; and fuch commiffioners are hereby conftituted a court of juftice, by the name of The Court of Requejh for the town and borough of Southwark in the county of Surry; and the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby Authorized, impowered, and required to affembie, fit, and hold the laid court twice in every week, videlicet^ on every Tuefiday and Friday, in the court houfe of the faid town and borough fi-tuate and being at Saint Margaret's HilU within the faid town and borough, or in fome convenient part thereof, or fome other place near or thereunto adjoining, fo as not to impede or interrupt the bufinefs, at aniy time hereafter to be done by or before his Majesty's juftices of afiize, juftices of oyer and terminer, jqftices of gaol delivery, or juftices of the peace, or the courts leet, or courts of fewers, ufually done, held, or kept in the faid court houfe ; and the faid commiffioners, fo to be affigned and appointed for the time being, or any three or more of them, fhall have power and authority, by virtue of this a&, to give judgement and decree, and to award execution thereupon, with v	cofts.

Stile and title of the court.

Three com* miflioners to fit twice a week, fee.

Power of

commiilion

crs.

Digitized by Google

1749*1 Anno vicefirao fecundo GeoRGII II; c. 47,	387

cofts, againft the bodies, or againft the goods and chattels df all and every the perfon or perfons againft whom they (hall give any judgement or decree, as to them (hall feem juft in taw or equity.

II.	And, for the more orderly and regular proceeding m the Chief bailiff faid court, and that no undue preference or delay may be madeto fummon a *>r given in fummoning the faid commiffioners to attend the bu- ^to^ttend finefs of the faid court, be it further enabled by the authority fa x°montiL aforefaid, That the faid chief bailiff or his deputy (who are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, fo to do) fhal), within two days next after fuch feveral lifts (hall be returned to him as aforefaid, fummon, or caufe to be fummoned, the firft three perfons named in each lift containing eighteen, the firft two perfons in each lift containing twelve, and the firft perfon named in each lift containing fix, to attend as commiffio-ners of the faid court for one calendar month then next following j and fo the like number of perfons out of every lift, as they (hall ftand in order and rotation therein refpe&ively, fo ferve as commiffioners from month to month, during the term for which they are chofen commiffioners.

III.	Provided always. That nothing herein before contained Commidio. (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to exclude or debar any nersimpower-of the perfons who (hall be nominated and returned for com- no^in rotate miffioners as aforefaid (although they be not in rotation) from on,

fitting in the faid court; but that all fuch commiffioners (hall and may, as often as they (hall refpe&ively think fit, fit and give judgement therein; any thing herein before contained tG the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it enatfted by the authority aforefaid, That from Method of and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven proceedings, hundred and forty nine, it (hall and may be lawful to and for a?

every refiant and inhabitant of the faid town and borough ofexccedmg+os. Southwark, and for all the refiants and inhabitants within the (aid feveral pari fries of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington,

Saint Mary Magdalen Bermonijey, Cbrift Churchy late part of Saint Saviour's, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhithey in the county of Surry, and to and for all and every perfon and perfons renting or keeping any (hop, (hed, ftall, or ftand, or leeking a livelihood within the faid town and borough, or within any of the parifhes, limits, or precincts aforefaid, who now have, or hereafter (hall have any debt or debts owing unto him, her, or them, not exceeding the fum of forty (hillings, by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, inhabiting, or feeking a livelihood, within the faid town and borough, or within any of the parifties, limits, or precindts aforefaid, as aforefaid, to caufe fuch debtor or debtors, fo inhabiting* feeking a livelihood as aforefaid, to be warned or fummoned by the chief bailiff of the faid town and borough for the time being, or his deputy officer or officers (who are hereby appointed, authorized^ and required to execute all warrants, precepts, or procefs of the faid court of Kquefts) by writing left at the dwelling-houfe, or place of a-

C c 2	bod?,

388	Anno	vicefimo	fccundo	Georgii II, C. 47.	[1749.

bode, (hop, (hed, (lall, (land, or any other place of dealing of fuch debtor or debtors, or by any other reafonable warning or notice, to appear before the commiflioners of the faid court, to be held at or in the place aforefaid; and that the faid coramiffi-oners, or any three or more of them, (hall, after fuch fummons as aforefaid, have full power and authority, by virtue of this ad, to make or caufe to be made, fuch alts, order or orders, de« crees, judgements, and proceedings, between fuch party or parties, plaintiffs, and his, her, or their debtor or debtors, defendants, touching fuch debts, not exceeding the fum of forty (hillings, in queffion before them, as they (hall find to (land with Orders, kc. equity and good confcience; and all fuch a<5ts, decrees, judge-of the court to ments, and proceedings, order or orders, (hall be entred and be regiltred. fegjftrej in a book, to be kept for that puipofe by the clerk or clerks of the faid court, or his or their fumcient deputy or deputies ; and (hall be obferved, performed, and kept in all parts, as well by the plaintiff, as the debtor or defendant.

Commiflion- V. And for the more due and regular proceeding in the (aid ersimpowered court intended to be e(labli(hed by this adfc, it is hereby further te^minifter ^tiadled, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffi-a g*	oners, or any three or more of them, to adminifter an oath to

the plaintiff or defendant, and to fuch witnefs or witneffes as (hall be produced by each party, and alfo to all the officers of the faid court, for or concerning any bufinefs relative thereunto, if the fame commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall fo think it meet.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if in any adlion of debt, or a&ion on the cafe upon an AJfumpfit for recovery of any debt to be fued or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons aforefaid, in any of the King’s courts at IVtjl-mififter, or elfewhere, out of the faid court of requefts, it (hall appear to the judge or judges of the court where fuch adion (hall be fued or profecuted, that the debt to be recovered by the plaintiff in fuch adion doth not amount to the fum of forty (hillings, and the defendant in fuch a&ion (hall duly prove, by

itAL	fufficient	teffimony,	to	be	allowed	by any the judge or judges of

/L /7 the faid court where fuch a&ion (hall depend, that at the time commencing fuch adtion, fuch defendant was inhabiting and 4	- reliant within the faid town and borough of Southwark, or any

of the parifhes, limits, and precindts aforefaid, in the county of Surry, and was liable to be warned or fumtnoned before the faid court of requefts for fuch debt, then, and in fuch cafe, the faid judge or judges (hall not allow to the faid plaintiff any cofts of The judge to fait; but (hall award th^t the faid plaintiff (hall pay fo much award the de- ordinary cofts to the party defendant, as fuch defendant (hall fendant cofts. juftly prove before the faid judge or judges it hath truly coft him in the defence of the faid fuit.

VII.	And, for the more effectual eftablifhing of the faid court of requefts, and the better enforcing the orders and decrees which (hall be made by the faid commiflioners; and that the faid commiflioners may ,be inverted with proper power and authority

If a£Hon for debt under 40s. (hall be fued in any other court.

Digitized by Google

3*9

*749 ] Anno vicefimo (ecundo Georgii III. c. 47.

thority, and be free and exempt from any infults or abufes; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon Penalty of in-or perfons (hall contemptuoufly affront, infult, or abufe all or fulting the any of the commiffioners of the faid court, during their fitting in the faid court, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid chief bailiff, or his deputy officer or officers, by order of the faid commiffioners then fitting, or any three or more of them, to take fuch perfon or perfons fo offending as aforefaid, into cu-ftody, and carry him, her, or them before one or more of his Majesty’s juftice or juftices of the peace for the (aid county of Surry, to anfwer Juch affront, infult, or abufe; and upon the fa& alledged being duly proved, upon the oath or oaths of one ormore credible witnefs or witneffes, againft him, her, or them, then, and in. fuch cafe, the faid juftice or juftices (hall proceed to punifh fuch perfon or perfons fo offending as aforefaid, by fine or imprifonment, or both; provided that the fine on any one perfon do not exceed the fum of twenty (hillings, and that the imprifonment be for no longer time than ten days.

VIII.	And be it enalted by the authority aforefaid. That Fine to be le-upon the nonpayment of the faid fine, fo to fee impofed or fet vied by di-upon every perfon convidted of offending as aforefaid, it (hall ftrcft and fa c* and may be lawful for the faid juftice or juftices to iffue a warrant or warrants, under his or their hands and feals, for levying the faid fine or fines fo impofed upon the goods and chattels of every fuch offender or offenders, being then refiant or inhabiting within the faid town and borough, or within any of the pa-rimes, limits, or precin&s aforefaid, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they (hall not be redeemed in five days, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner upon demand, after deducing the reafonable cnarges of fuch diftrefs and fale; which fine or fines, when levied or received by virtue of this adt, (hall be immediately paid over into the hands of the church-wardens .or the overfecrs of the poor of the parifti, wherein every fuch offender (hall, at the time of fuch offence committed, inhabit, dwell, or feek a livelihood, towards the fupport and maintenance of the poor of the fame parifti; and if fuch offender or of- offender not fenders (toll not be refiant or inhabiting within the faid town and being an inha-borough, or within any of the pari(hes, limits, or precindts a- bitaiit, &c. forefaid, or (hall not have any goods or chattels within the faid town and borough, or within any of the pari(hes, limits, or preempts aforefaid, whereof fuch fine or fines can be levied as aforefaid; thep, and in fuch cafe, and upon nonpayment of fuch and not pay-fine or fines, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftice or ing the fines, juftices, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands t®J>e commit-and feals, to'commit fuch offender or offenders to the countytcd* gaol of the faid county of Surry, there to remain until he, (he, ' or they (hall pay the faid fine or fines fo impofed as aforefaid, not exceeding one calendar month •, and fuch fine or fines, when levied or received, (hall be immediately paid over into the hands of the juftice or juftices who ‘ d luch warrant or warrants.

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo (ecnndo Georgii II. a 47.	[1749*

as aforefaid, to be diftributed among the poor prifoners for dda in the faid prifon, in fuch manner as he or they (hall think fit Copy of the IX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That two preceding the clerks of the (aid court, or one of them, (hall fix, or caufr to ftuck^pinthe **	UP>	in	thc	publick	part of the court

-court houfe. houfe of the faid town and borough, or other place where the (aid commiffioners (hall fit to do bufinefs as aforefaid, a true copy of the two lad preceding claufes of this ad, to the end that no perfon or perions (hall or may pretend ignorance in the premiffes.

Penalty of X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Thit wilful or cor- in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall make oath, or give evidence, nipt perjury. ;n any caufe depending in the faid court of requefts, whereby he, (he, or they,v(hall commit any wilful or corrupt peijury, and thereof be duly convided according to law, then every fuch perfon or perfons (hall incur and fuffer the like pains and penalties, as any other perfon or perfons convided of wilful peijury, according to the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

Clerks ap- XI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That pointed.	John But Ur, of the parifh of Saint Olave Southwark, in the coun-

ty of Surry, gentlemen, and Hammett Richardfon, of the parifh of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey in thc county aforefaid, gentleman, are conftituted and appointed clerks of the faid court of requefts during their refpedive good behaviour therein; who (hall and are hereby required to iftiie out all fummonfes, warrants, precepts, ads, orders, decrees, judgments, attachments, and proceedings of the faid court; and (hall keep proper books, wherein (hall be entered and registered all ads, orders, and pro-Ceedings of the fame court.

XII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners in court, or the major part of them, on the next court day after the death, refignation, or legal amoval of both or either of the faid John Butler, and Hammett Richardfon, the clerks appointed by this ad, or fo foon after as the fame is publickly known, and they are hereby required, to caufe the whole number of * commiffioners to be fummoned, who, next before fuch death, refignation, or amoval, were nominated and returned, as afore-(aid, to meet at the place aforefaid, within twenty days next after their being fummoned as aforefaid ; and fuch commiffioners at fuch meeting are hereby authorized, im powered, and required, by ballot, to cled and cboofe another perfon or perfons in the room of both or either of the faid John Butler and Harnett Richardfon fo dying, refigning, or being amoved as aforefaid, for the ufes and purpofes in this ad contained; and fo from time to time, upon every vacancy of the faid office of clerk, forever. Commiffion- XIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, er» not to ad That no perfon or perfons fhall be capable of ading as cojn-j1**hav*. miffioner or commiffioners in the execution of the powersgiven following,0* 0 by this ad, until fuch time as he and they (hall refpcdivcly have taken an oath to the effed following:

£ 1

Method of

choofing

tlerks.

Digitized by Google

29l

* 749-1 Anno vicefimo fecundo Geougii II. c. 47.

1A. B. do [wear* That I willfaithfully, impartially and honejlly» The oath.

according to the heft of my judgement hear and determine fuch matters and things as Jhall be brought before me by virtue of an aft of parliament 1 intituledy An ad for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of final! debts, within the town and borough of Southward and the Several parifhes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newing-tony Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfeyy Cbriji Churchy Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rothtrhithey in the county of Surrey and the feveral precinds and liberties of the fame * without favour or affeftion to either party.

Which oath the faid clerks, or one of them, is or are hereby Clerk to adm*. impowered to adminifter; and (hall caufe a memorial thereof to niter and re-be entered among the records of the faid court.	gifter the	oath,

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That the feveral fees and fums of money, hereafter limited and expre(Ted, and no more or greater fees, (hall and may betaken for the refpedive (ervices of the bailiff and clerks; that is to fay,

For every fummoiisy to the bailiff three pence y to the clerk three Table of Fees. pence.

For every hearing, to the bailiff one penny, to the clerk threepence.

For an attachment againfl the defendant for not appearing to the fummonsy to the bailiff one Jbilling and two pencey to the clerk fix pence.

For giving notice to the complainant of the fervice of the attachment y to the bailiff four pence.

For an execution9 to the bailiff one Jhilling and two pence9 to the dork ten pence.

For paying money into court, to the bailiff one pennyy to the clerk feven pence.

For acknowledging fatisfaftion in fully to the bailiff two pence, to the clerk four pence.

For acknowledging fatisfaftion in party to the bailiff one penny, to the clerk three pence.

For fearching the book$y to the clerk two pence.

For calling the defendant before the courty when he refufes to appear y to the bailiff tivo pence, to the clerk two pence.

For the complainant's marking his appearancey to excufe his attendance the firji court dayy to the clerk four pence.

For a nonfuit on the plaintiff not appearing, to the clerk two pence.

A table of which faid fees (hall be hung up by the clerks of the Table of fees faid court, or one of them, in fome publick and confpicuous to be hung up part of the faid court houfe, or other place where the faid com- j" *te court miflioners (hall meet for the purpofes aforefaid, to the end thathoufe-all perfons concerned may, at all times, fee and read over the (ame; and if the faid chief bailiff for the time being, or any of Officers taking bis officers, (hall take or demand any greater or other fees, than otter fees, or as above mentioned, or (hall otherwife mifbehave himfelf or misbehaving

C c 4	them(elYestoforfcit^

Digitized by

Google

392 Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRGH II. c. 47:	[f 749.

themfelves in the execution of his or their office, then he and they, for every fuch offence, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds to any perfon or perfons,who (hall fue for the fame and cofts. in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeftminjier^ together with full cofts of fuit, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or infbr-Aftions to be mation ; in which no effoin, privilege, protection, or wager of commenced in law, or any more than one imparlance (hall be allowed; (o that 3 months. fuch 2&\on or fuit be commenced within three calendar months after the offence be committed, and not otherwife.

Regulations XV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, of mTsbehavi- That upon complaint made by any perfon or perfons, of the our of clerks^ mifbehaviour or breach of duty of any clerk or clerks appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this aft, or of any clerk or clerks taking or demanding any greater or other fees than as above-mentioned, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid com-miffion'ers then fitting in court to inquire into the nature of fuch complaint; and if it (hall appear to the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, that fuch complaint deferves the con-fideration of the whole number of commiffioners nominated and returned, as aforefaid, then fuch commiffioners fo fitting in court, as aforefaid, are hereby direfted and required to caufe the whole number of commiffioners to be fummoned to meet as foon as conveniently may be, by publick notice to be given in the feveral parifh churches within the faid diftrift, by the parifti clerks thereof, immediately after divine fervice, on the SimJej morning next before fuch meeting is to be held, fuch S$*dey being at leaft four days before the holding of fuch meeting, and examine into the merits of fuch complaint; and if it (hall then appear to fuch commiffioners, or the major part of them, that fuch clerk or clerks have or hath been guilty of agrofs mi (behaviour, or breach of duty, in his or their office, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, to fufpend or remove fuch clerk or clerks from his or their faid office, and to eleft and choofe another perfon or perfons in his or their room.

Limitation XVI. Provided always. That this aft, or any thing therein with refpe£tto contained, (hall not extend to any debt for any rent upon any certain debts, jeafe Qf jan(jSj or tenements, or any other real contrafts, nor to any other debt that (hall arife by reafon of any caufe concerning teftament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the eccieftaftical court, albeit the fame (hall be under forty (hillings; any thing before contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

Limitation of XVII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if aftioijs. any aftion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any matter or thing done or to be done in purfuance of this aft; then, and in fuch cafe, fuch aftion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced within three calendar months next after the faft committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or fuit to be brought. General iflue. (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this aft, and the

fpecial

Digitized by v^ooQle

1749.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. C. 48.	393

fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and

if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difcon-

tinue his or their a&ion or adtions, fuit or fuits; or if upon ver-

d\£t or demurrer judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff

or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover

treble cofts, and have fuch remedy for the fame, as any defen- TrcWe cofts*

dant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaaed by the Quakers af-authority aforefaid, That the affirmation or affirmations of the firmation al-people called fakers, (hall be allowed of and taken in all cafes lowed, where any oath or oaths is or are directed to be taken by this

a<ft, inftead of fuch oath or oaths; and (hall be adminiftered by the fame perfons, as fuch oath or oaths is or are to be adminiftered ; and every perfon making fuch affirmation, who (hall bepenaity ^ convided of wilful and falfe affirming, (hall incur and fuffer the falfe affirm-fame penalties and forfeitures, as are inflidted and impofed by “ig. any laws and ftatutes in this realm, upon perfons convidted of wilful and corrupt peijury.

XIX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, pubiick a6L That this adt (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pub-

lick adt; and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all Judges, ju dices, and all other perfons whatfoever, without (pecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XLVIII.

An aft to afcertain and eftablijh the method of proceeding to and upon outlawries for high treafon, and mifprifion of high treafon, in Scotland.

WHEREAS by virtue of an aft of parliament made in the 7 Ann*, c. *i.

feventb year of the reign of her late maje/ly £)ueen Anne, intituled, An adfc for improving the union of the two kingdoms, all proceedings upon indiftments for high treafon, or mifprifion of high ireafon, committed in Scotland, ought to be according to the laws of England : and whereas doubts may arife touching the method of proceeding in Scotland to outlaw perfons, againjl whom bills of indift-ment are or may be found there for high treafon, or mifprifion of high treafon, by reafon of the different forms of proceeding of the courts ofjuftice in England, and in Scotland, and of the different kinds of officers to carry the fame into execution: now, in order to remove all fuch doubts, and to eftablifh one certain, clear, and plain order and method of proceeding to outlawry againft perfons who have been, or (hall be indidted for high treafon, or mifprifion of high treafon, in Scotland; be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent The court be-parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fore wh<>m in cafe any perfon or perfons is, are, or (hall be indidted for high ^eV^forhi h treafon, or mifprifion of high treafon, before any court of juf- ^afon^or* tice in Scotland, having jurifdidtion to take fuch indidtments, mifprifion and (hall not be in cuftody for the fame, the court wherein ihall be found, fuch indidtment is or (hall be found, or to which the fame is ortoc L^e wrlts

ftuUofCaP**3-

Digitized by UooQle

$94 Annavicefimo fecUndo GeoRGII II. C.48.	[1749,

gainft the par- (hall be duly certified, (hall have full power and authority* a»i ^ “V are required, to iffuc one writ of Capias againft the penon oc cut oay, «c. pcrfous fQ indi<fted, being fo out of cuftody as aforefaid, dirod* ed to the (heriff or ftewart of the county, (hire, or ftewartry, wherein fueh indidhnent is or (hall be found, and made returnable in the lame court, forty two days at the leaft after the tefle thereof, or a longer time, by the discretion of the faid court, if the cafe requires it; which writ (haH he delivered to fitch (heriff or ftewart, who (hall endeavour to find and apprehend the defendant or defendants named in fuch writ, within his county, /hire, or ftewartry; and if the defendant or defendants (hall be named in the faia writ of any parifti or place which lies in any county, (hire, or ftewartry, other than that in which fuch indictment (hall be found, then the (aid court (hall iffue one other writ of Capias to the (heriff or ftewart of fuch other county, (hire, ,or ftewartry, of the fame tefte, return, and import with the (aid firft-mentioned writ of Capias ; and if fuch rdpe&ive (heriff or ftewart (hall return to both the faid writs, or to the faid firft-tnentioned writ of Capias (in cafes where only one (hall be nc-ceftary to be iffued) that the faid defendant or defendants is or are not to be found within the refpe&ive counties, (hires, or ftewar-tries of fuch (heriff or ftewart, then the fame court (hall iffue two other writs, the one a writ of proclamation, the other a writ of exigent, and tefted the day of the return of the faid writ or or writs of	writs °f Capias, and directed to the (heriff or ftewart of the

proclamation	county, (hire, or ftewartry in which the parilh or place, hoafe

and exigent. 0r eftate of which the defendant or defendants is, are, or (hall be Manner of named or deferibed in the faid indictment lieth ; and fuch writs execution, and (hall be both returnable on one and the fame future day, and (hall laft return of be delivered to fuch (heriff or ftewart, who (hall execute and the writs.	return the fame in the manner following (that is to fay) by vir-

tue of the faid writ of proclamation, the faid (heriff or ftewart (hall caufe the faid defendant or defendants to be proclaimed three times (that is to fay) once at the court of the (heriff or ftewart depute of fuch (hire or ftewartry, and a fecond time at the quarter feflions of the peace to be held for the fame county, (hire, or ftewartry, and a third time near to the church door, or if there (hall be no church, in fome publick part of the pari(h or place of which the faid defendant or defendants (hall be named or deferibed in the faid indictment, between the hours of ten of the clock in the morning* and two in the afternoon, and fuch third proclamation (hall be made twenty eight days at leaft before the fifth and laft (herifPs or ftewart’s depute court, at which the faid defendant or defendants are to be called by virtue of the faid writ of exigent, in the manner herein after-mentioned; and by virtue of the faid writ of exigent, the faid (heriff or ftewart (hall caufe the defendant or defendants to be called to appear at each of the five fucceflive courts to be held by the (heriff or ftewart depute for the faid county, (hire, or ftewartry; and if the defendant or defendants (hall not appear and furitn-der himfelf or themfelves, fo as to be forth coming to juftice at

(ome

Digitized by LiOOQle

395

x 749*1 Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 48.

ibme one or other of the faid courts, at which he or they (hall be fo proclaimed or called as aforefaid, the faid (heriff or ftewart depute (hall, at the laft of the (aid five courts, pronounce judgment of. outlawry againft him, her, or them, and (hall fign fuch judgment of outlawry; and the (heriff or ftewart of fuch county, (hire, or ftewartry, (hall return the fame, and the writs of proclamation and exigent, into the court from whence the fame ihall iflue, together with indorfements on each, certifying that the faid iheriff or ftewart has done every thing required of him by the faid writs, and that the defendant or defendants did not Defendants appear (if that (hall be the cafe) and thereupon fuch defendant notappearing, or defendants (hall be and be deemed to be outlawed for fuch t0 bc outlaw-high treafon, or mifprifion of high treafon rtfpedtively, accord-	at~

frig to law, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; and the defendant or defendants fo outlawed for high treafon, Ihall be and be deemed to be attainted of fuch high treafon as is or (hall be mentioned and contained in fuch iitdidlment, and (hall be fub-jedt and liable to fuch and the like execution and corruption of blood, and to fuch and the like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and precedes, with refpedt to their eftates real and perfonal, move-able and immoveable, to which perfons attainted of high treafon are by law fubjedt and liable; and the defendant or defendants fo outlawed for mifprifion of high treafon, (hall be fubjedt and liable to all fuch and the like forfeitures, and to all fuch and the like procefles, out of the court where the faid writ or writs, proclamation or proclamations, and judgment of outlawry (hall be returned, and alfo out of the court of Exchequer in Scotland, to feize and take the perfon andeftate, and goods moveable and immoveable, real and perfonal, of fuch defendants fo outlawed for mifprifion of high treafon, as perfons outlawed according to the law of England for mifprifion of high treafon are liable and fubjedt to; and all defendants outlawed for high treafon, or outlawed per^ mifprifion of high treafon, in Scotland, (hall, as near as can be, fans to have ' have all fuch and the like writs, means, methods, remedies, the remedies and advantages, in fuch and the like manner and time, and on allowed by the fuch and the like terms and conditions, for avoiding, falfifying, or reverfing any fuch outlawry, as may be had by the law and wr;tg \ifage of England in the like cafes (excepting fo far as the forms i,th the re-of proceeding are varied and fettled by this adt) and all the turns and out-writs herein before mentioned, with the returns thereof, and lawries, to be judgments of outlawry, (hall be recorded and preferved in the rccordcd-court to which the faid writs (hall be returned, unlefs removed by due courfe of law.

II.	And whereas the courts of the (heriff, or ftewart depute in Scotland, are not held at certain dated times, which might occafion uncertainty and delay in the before-mentioned proceed- pjve fucceflive ings, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch (heriffs courts to be or ftewarts, to whom the faid refpedtive writs of proclamation held by the and exigent (hall be diredled and delivered, (hall, and they are t0. hereby impowered and required forthwith to caufe five fuccef- exigent* five courts'pf the (heriff or ftewart depute to be held for the <hali be direff-

purpofes ed.

Digitized by Google

Forms of the feveral writs, and their execution.

Writ of Capias.

Writ of pro clamation.

396	Anno vicefimo lecundoGeorgii II. c.48.	[1749.

purpofes before-mentioned, m fuch manner as (hall be neceflary for the due execution of the faid writs, three days notice being firft given, before the firft court, at the head borough of the county or ftewartry, of the times and places where fuch couns (hall be held; and the firft of the faid five fucceffive courts, at which the defendant or defendants is or are to be called by virtue of the writ of exigent, fhall be held within twenty days after the delivery thereof to the fheriff or ftewart, and each of the four fuccefiive courts (hall be held at the end of four weeks from the court preceeding.

III.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, That all the faid writs of Capias, proclamation, and exigent, fhall be in the name of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, under the feal of fuch courts from whence the fame fhall ifTue, and fuch writ of Capias (hall contain a command to the fheriff or ftewart, to take the defendant or defendants, and bring him, her, or them before the court whence the faid writ fhall ifTue, at a certain time and place therein to be mentioned; and the writ of proclamation fhall command fuch fheriff or ftewart to take the defendant or defendants, and have him, her, or them before fuch court, at a certain time and place therein to be mentioned, and if he, (he, or they cannot be found within his (hire or ftewartry, then to caufe publick proclamation to be made in the court of the fheriff depute, or ftewart depute, at the general quarter feflions of the peace, to be held for the fame (hire or ftewartry, and at the door of the church or place, or if no church, at fome open part of the place, of which fuch defendant or defendants is, are, or (hall be named or defcribed in fuch indi&ment, that he, (he, or they be before the court from whence fuch writ (hall ifTue, at a certain time and place therein to be mentioned; and the faid writ of exigent fhall contain a command to the fheriff or ftewart, to caufe the defendant or defendants to be called, from court to court of the fheriff, or ftewart depute, until he, (he, or they be outlawed ; and if he, (he, or they fhall appear, then to take him, her, or them, and have his, her, or their body or bodies before the court, whence fuch writ of exigent fhall ifTue, at a certain time and place therein to be mentioned, to anfwer to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, for the crime of which he, (he, or they is, are, or fhall be indited.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That'if any perfon fo to be outlawed for high treafon as afore-

retuming ^	at	^e	t*mc	out*awry	pronounced,	be	reGant

within a year, or inhabitant out of the limits of this kingdom of Gnat Britain, may traverfe and fuch perfon fhall, within one year after fuch outlawry pronounced, yield himfelf or herfelt to the lord juftice general, juftice clerk, or any of the commiffioners of judiciary in Scotland* he or (he (hall be at liberty to traverfe the indi&menton which fuch outlawry fhall be pronounced, and take his or her trial thereupon ; and in cafe he or Ihe, on fuch trial, fhall be found not guilty, by verdiA of the jury, he or fhc fhall be clearly acquitted

Writ of exigent.

Perfons being out of the

the indilt roent.

Digitized by ^ooQle

397

1749.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 49.

quitted and difcharged of the faid outlawry, and all penalties and forfeitures for the fame, in as large and ample a manner and form, as though no fuch outlawry had been made.

CAP. XLIX.

An ail for making a free market for the fale of fijb in the city of Weftminfter; and for preventing the forejlalling and monopolizing of fijb •, and for allowing the fale of fifby under the dimenfions mentioned in a claufe contained in an ail of the firft year of bis late	, in cafe the

fame are taken with a book.

WHEREAS a free and open market for fijb in the city of Weftminfter would greatly tend to mcreafe the number of fijhermen, and improve and encourage the fijbtry of this kingdom; may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, there (hall be a free and open market held in the city of Wejlminjler for all forts of fi(h whatfoever j and that it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to buy or fell any fort of fi(h in the faid market, without any difturbance or moleftation whatfoever ; neverthelefs yielding and paying fuch fums as are herein after-mentioned.

II. And to the end the faid intended market may be erefted, eftablilhed, and maintained, under fuch rules and regulations as are by this aft herein after direfted and preferibed; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That lieutenant general James Oglethorpe, the right honourable Granville Levefon Gower efquire, commonly called lord vifeount Trentham,; the right honourable George Doddington efquire. Sir Peter Warren knight of the Batky Sir Bouchier Wrey baronet, Sir Robert Grofvenor baronet, Sir John Crojfe baronet. Sir Richard Lloyd knight, John Laroche elquire, George Harrifon efquire, Thomas Fonnereau efquire, reverend doftor Scawen Kenrick, William Lowndes efauire, captain Philip Durell, Thomas Wyndham efquire, Thomas omith efquire, Harman Verelft efquire, George Payne efquire, Henry Cheere efquire, Daniel Gell efquire, Francis Hutchinfon efquire, William Pearce efquire, the reverend	Wlfon	D.	D. one

of the prebendaries of the collegiate church of Saint Peter, Wejl-minfler j Richard Combes efquire, Francis Gwyn efquire, Edward Vernon efquire, (hall, from and immediately after the pafling of this aft, be, and are hereby appointed truftees for putting this aft in execution; and they, or the furvivors of, them, or any five or more of them, are hereby inverted with all and every the powers and authorities given and granted by this aft.

III.	And whereas a fum of money will be neccffary for preparing a proper place for the Jaid market, and in maintaining and keeping

tie

A free market for fifti to be held in Weft-miaiter.

Truftees

names.

Digitized by LjOOQle

398	Anno	vicedmo fccunck) GeoRgii II. c. 49.	£1749;

buries to be the fame in repair, and other incidental charges attending the fame \ paid by fUher- be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand Seven hundred and forty nine, there (hall be paid to the faid truftees, or fuch other perfon or perfons as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall, from time to time, appoint to receive the fame, the following fums by every fifherman, or other per-fon or perfons, felling any fort of fifn in the faid market, for coming with his boat or veflel to, or landing, (landing, being, or felling in or at the faid market; that is to fay.

The duties.	For each vejfel laden with fait fijb, for groundage, the fum of eight

pence for each day, and twenty pence for each voyage.

For each lobjler-boat, dogger-boat, fmack, or other vejfel, laden with frejh fea fifh, the fum of two feme for each day for groundage, and thirteen pence each voyage.

For every oyfler-vejfel or cock two pence each day for groundage, one halfpenny for each bujbel for metage, and thirteen penct each voyage.

Which faid feveral fums (hall, and they are hereby declared to be buries vefted veiled in the faid truftees, and their uicceflors; and the fame, in the truftees; and every part thereof, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of, and afligned to and for the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes, and in (uch manner, as is herein after-mentioned and direded; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any five or more of them, under their hands and feals, (hall, at a general meeting, nominate and appoint, to demand and take the fums hereby granted and made payable; and to levy the and may be fame upon any perfon or perfons who (hall, after demand there-levied by di- cf maje> negledt or refufe to pay fuch fums as aforefaid, by rc s an e.	0f	any boat or boats, or the tackle or furniture there-

to belonging, or there found, and belonging to the perfon or perfons, who by this adl are made liable to the payment of the fame; and to detain and keep fuch goods and chattels fo diftrained, until fuch fums, with the reafonable charges of fuch diftraining and keeping, (hall be paid; and fuch perfon and perfons fo diftraining, after the fpace of three days after fuch diftrefs made and taken, (hall and may fell the goods fo diftrained, returning the overplus, if any be, upon demand, to the owner thereof, after fuch fums, and the reafonable charges for diftraining and keeping the fame, (hall be deduced and paid.

Trufteei im- IV. And whereas the money to be cottefted by virtue of this aft, powered to w‘// not immediately raife a fufficient flock for effecting the purpofes lie1*and*a(fi n f^eretf * b® lt therefore enacled by the authority aforefaid, That the duties.1*” from and* after the paffing this a£t, the truftees appointed or to be appointed to put the lame in execution, or any five or more of them, (hall and may, from time to time, at a general meeting held by them for that purpofe, by any writing under their

'	bands

/f-

Digitized by Google

1749-1 Anao vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. C.49.	399

hands and feals, affign over the (aid fums arifing by virtue of this ad, or any part thereof, as a fecuritv for any fum or fums of money to be borrowed by the faid truftees for the purpofes of this ad, to fuch perfon or perfons, or their truftees, who (hall advance and lend the fame, to fecure the payment thereof, with fuch intereft as (hall be agreed upon, not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Application©! out of the money arifing by the faid fums granted by this ad, or monies.

the money borrowed on the credit thereof, as aforefaid, the (aid truftees, or any five or more of them, at a publick meeting af-fembled, (hall in the firft place pay and difeharge all expences and charges incurred in pafiing this ad of parliament; and in the next place, (hall pay and difeharge the expences of laying out, making, and ereding a commodious place for the faid market, and in finifhingand keeping the fame in repair, and all other neceflary expences attending the execution of this ad.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Truftees to That the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall and appoint ofi-may, at the firft or any fucceeding general meeting, by writing ccr#t under their hands and feals, chufe and appoint one or more fit

Sterfon or perfons to be colledor or colledors of the fums afore-aid j and (hall appoint one or more treafurer or treafurers, and all other neceflary officers, as to them (hall appear proper for the better execution of the powers contained in this ad, allowing to fuch perfon or perfons fo by them appointed, fuch falsifies or other rewards for their trouble as to the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall appear juft and reafonable; and 4he faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall and they are hereby impowered to remove or difplace fuch treafurer or an(j remora treafurers, colledor or colledors, or other perfon or perfons them, whatfoever, fo by them from time to time appointed, and to place others in their (lead; and the perfon or perfons fo appoint- Colledor and ed to colled and receive the faid fum or fums, and alfo fuch treafurer to treafurer or treafurers fo appointed as aforefaid, (hall, before the acc?unt uP°n faid truftees, or any five or more of them, upon the firft Mon- oat • dap in every month, or oftener, if thereunto required by the faid truftees as aforefaid, give in a true, exad, and perfed account in writing, under their refpedive hands, of all the monies, which he or they, and every or any of them, (hall to fuch time have received, paid, and di(burfed by virtue of this ad, by rea-fon of their refpedive offices; and produce vouchers for the and to profame, and (hall pay over fuch balance to fuch perfon or perfons, ducevouch-as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall at fuch meeting dired; and in cafe fuch treafurer or treafurers, colledor ianCe,

Or colledors, (hall refufe to give in fuch account as often as required by the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, at a and in default, general meeting, fuch perfon or perfons fo refilling (hall be com- to be commit! mitted to the common gaol of the faid city and liberty, by war- ted. rant under the hand and feal of any one of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace for the faid city and liberty of Wejlminjier, upon

application

Digitized by v^ooQle

400

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. C.49.	[1749*

application made to him by two of the faid truftees, there tore-main without bail or mainprize, until he or they (hall make or render in a true, exadt, and perfedt account of their receipts and di(burfements by virtue of this adl ; and (hall have produced and delivered up all vouchers relating thereto;; and (hall have likewife paid over the money due on fuch account to fuch per-fon or perfons as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall diredt and appoint to receive the fame.

The truftees VII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforrfaid, to deliver That the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall year-yearly to the 1 y and every year, within fix weeks next after the twenty fifth account of day December, make up, and deliver in to the jufticcs of the receipts and peace a ding within the faid city of JVeJlminflet\ at any petty or dilburfements, (pedal fefiions aflembled, a juft, true, and perfedt account in writing, fairly entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and fiened by the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, of all and every fum and fums of money which they (hall know to have been received or dilburfed under the authority of this ad, during the preceeding year, with the balance (if any) to be kept remaining in the hands of the faid truftees; and fuch accounts among the (hall be kept by the clerk of the faid fefiions among the records tobe t^ereo^ t0 b® infpeded by any perfon or perfons defiring the applied in ap-	upon	payment of one (hilling to the faid clerk; and if

prenticing any furplus of the faid fums (hall remain in the hands of the lea-boys. faid truftees, the fame is hereby appropriated to, and (hmU be applied yearly and every year by them, within twelve months next after the delivering of fuch accounts to the faid iuftkes as afore&id, in the binding out boys apprentices to mhermen, mafters of (hips, or fome other perfon or perfons employed in the fea fervice ; fuch boys to be chofen by a majority of the faid truftees at a general meeting to be held for that purpoie.

Fifh bought in VIII. And be it further enadted by_ the authority aforefaid, the market, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fi(hmonger, or maybe fold in other perfon or perfons whatfoever, who (hall buy any fi(h in any other the fcjj marked to fell the fame again in any otner place or *>acc’	places, within the faid city of IVeJhninjler, or elfcwhere, being

found and wholfome fifh, without any lett or difturbance from any perfon or perfons whatfoever for fo doing; any law or (U-tute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	And whereas the laws now in being have proved infujjLient to prevent the monopolizing and forejlalhng of fijh; be it further Contraftsbe- enadted by the authority aforefaid, Tltat from and after the tween fiftter- twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and men and ftQi- forty n*me^ a]j an(j eVery contradt or contracts, which (hall, before fl^ept. f°re l^at timc* have been made, and which are to take efifedt ' 174.9, declared after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven void;	hundred and forty nine, between any filhermen and filhmongers,

or between any other perfons whatfoever, in regard to the fale of filh to be afterwards fold by retale, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be abfolutely void; and all fuch contradts, which arc or (hall be made to take effed in part before the faid twenty

ninth

1749-J Anno viccfitno fedundo Georgii II. c. 49.	401

ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty c°ntr^* c.° nine, (hall be* and are hereby declared to be void, fo far as before”1 they (hall relate to, or be intended to take effeil at any time fub- sept.°to be fequent to the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand void, feven hundred and forty nine; and if from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and Penalty on forty nine, any filherman, fi(hmonger, or any other perfon or contra&mgfor perfons, whatsoever, (hall enter into, or make any contrail or by male te. contrails for; buying up fi(h to be fold again by retale, before fore the fame" fuch fi(h (hall be brought to an opetl market, and there expofed (hall be to publick fale, fuch contrail or , cQntraits are hereby declared to brought to be abfofutely void $ and each and every party fo contracting, as raarket* well the buyer as the feller, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and levied in manner herein after-mentioned; one moiety whereof (hall be paid to the faid truftees appointed by this ail, or any five or Application more of them, or their order, to be placed-to the general ac- of the forfcU count, to be appropriated as aforefaid, and the other moiety to turc* fuch perfon or perfons as (hall inform, fue for, and recover the fame.

X.	Provided always. That if either of the parties fo contrail- Either party jng as aforefaid, (hall, before any information made againft him, informing, to inform againft the other, fuch party fo informing, fo as fuch ^forfeiture other party may be duly conviiled of fuch offence, (hall not on- e or C1 ur * ly be acquitted from the faid penalty, but (hall alfo be intitled to fue for in his, her, or their own name, and recover the whole forfeiture incurred by the other 5 one moiety thereof to be paid Applicationof to the faid truftees, and appropriated as aforefaid; and the other the t°r(eiture* moiety to fuch perfon or perfons who (hall fue for and recover the fame.

XI.	Provided always, That nothing in this ail contained. Contrail* for (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to make void any con- k®**1 f^on, trails already made, or to prevent any contrails to be made by f^t^r°dri^ any fifhmonger or fifhmongers, or any perfon or perfons what- fi(h to fubfift foever, in regard to frefh falmon or foies brought by land carriage, or to oyfters, or fait or dried fi(h.

XII.	And left fifhermen, and other perfons employed in catching, importing, or vending of fijh, Jhould bring fijh to Queenborough,

Gravefend, or fome other place or places in the river of Thames, and there keep it for a confederate time, and fend only fmall quantities y from time to time, to market, with a view to keep up tbe price ,of the feveral fpecies of fijh, which fuch perfon or perfons refpeflively tmport or trade in; which practice will not only tend to enhance the value of fijh, but alfo to render it unwholfome food, to the great pre-

* judice of the confumer, as well as the fijhery in general; to prevent fuch praifices, be it further enailed by the authority aforefaid,

That if any fifherman, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever. Penalty on natives or foreigners, (hall keep any fi(h at Queenborough, Gravef f lJjfrmcJ ?ot endj or other place or places, in any well-fcoat, (lore-boat, orShSthing any other manner whatfoever, fo as not to fell off their whole days from cargde of fifh, within the fpace of eight days, from their arrival their arrival Vot. XIX.	Dd	on	on the coall

402	Anno vicefimo fccundo Georg 11II. c. 49.	[1749;

between Yar- on the Britijb coaft, between North Yarmouth and Dover, after mouth and their firft arrival at the refpe&ive place or places as aforefaid, vcr* every perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted by the confeffion of the party, or the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the whole cargoe of fi(h belonging to him, and alfo the veflel, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, to be levied by diftreis and fale, by warrant under the hand and fcal of any one or more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace for the refpe<ftive county where the offence (hall be committed; which warrantor warrants the faid jufticc or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to make, upon the information On oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles (which oath the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to admi-Applicarionof nifter;) and the faid produce thereof (hall go and be applied, the forfeiture. onc moiety to the ufe and benefit of the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh where the offence (hall be committed.

XIII.	And whereas the cmmijjioners for building a bridge erofs the river Thames, from the New Palace Yard in the city minfter, to the oppojite Jbore in tl)e county of Surrey, are pojfejfed of a piece of grouna near Cannon Row in the faid city of Weft-minfter, which is conveniently Jituate for holding the faid intended market; be it therefore ena&ed and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiflioners are hereby authorized and impowered to make a grant of the faid piece of ground, to

make a grant the truftees appointed by this adt, and their fucceffors, to be of a piece of made ufe of for holding the faid intended market 5 for the grant of which ground the faid truftees (hall pay the faid commiflioners the fum of five pounds, as the confideration or purchafe-money for the fame.

XIV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the right and property of all the buildings, and the materials employed therein for making the faid market commodious, (hall be veiled in the faid truftees, appointed or to be .appointed to put this act in execution, and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to bring actions, or prefer bills of indictment, againft any perfon or perfons who (hall fteal, take away, break down, or otherwife damage fuch building or materials employed therein.

No truftee to XV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed and declared, accept of any That DO perfon or perfons, appointed or to be appointed by this p ace or pro t*a^ a truftec or truftees for putting the fame in execution, (hall have or accept of any place of profit arifing out of, or by reafon of any fums by this a<5t laid or granted; but fuch perfon or perfons (hall be incapable of adting as a truftee or truftees from the time of his accepting, and during the enjoyment of fuch place of profit as aforefaid.

On death or XVI. And for continuing a fufficient number of truftees for trainees putting this ad in execution, be it further enaCted* by the au-othen to be thorny aforefaid. That when aadLa* often as any truftee or chafctu	a	.	truftees

Commiflioners for the Weftminfter Bridge, impowered to

ground tor the market.

5 L purchafe-money.

Property of the market veiled in the trultee*.

Digitized by LjOoq le

x 749*1 Anno viccfimO (ectmdo Georgii II. c. 4gl	4°3

truftees (hall die, or, by writing under his or their hand, refufe to a&, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch of the faid truftees as (hall then furvive or remain, or any feven or more of them, at any general meeting, by any writing or writings under their hands and feals, to eleCl, nominate, and appoint one or more fit perfon or perfons in the room of place of fuch truftee or truftees fo dying or refuting to aCt as aforefaid j and fuch perfon or perfons fo ele&ed, nominated, or appointed, (hall be joined , with fuch furviving or remaining truftees, in execution of all and every the powers in them repofed by virtue of this a<ft.

XVII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Firft meetiag That the firft meeting of the faid truftees lhall be on the fecond of the truftee* Monday in July, at the houfe known by the name of the King's

Arms in the New Palace Tardy in the city of JVeftminJler \ and they (hall have power to adjourn their fucceeding meetings, from time to time, and to fuch places, as they (hall think (it.

XVIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Bonds for not That all bonds, or other fecurities whatfoever, to be entered fu,n8 for any into, or given, for not fuing or recovering any penalty or for- md." feiture incurred or to be incurred by virtue of this aCI, (hall be,

and they are hereby declared tobeabfolutelynull and void ; any law, ftatute, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Forfeitures That all penalties and forfeitures incurred or inflicted by virtue h°w to.hereof this aCt, if not otherwife by this aCt directed to be recovered,

(hall and may be profecuted and recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVejlminJler \ wherein no enoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed \ and fuch forfeitures (hall go and be applied (if not otherwife directed by this aCt) one moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons who lhall inform, fue for, or recover the fame; and the other moiety to the poor of the parifti where the caufe of aCtion (hall arife.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the au- Limitation of thorny aforefaid. That if any aCtion or fuit (hall be commenced actions, againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance

of this aCt, every fuch aCtion or fuit mail be brought within fix months next after the faCt committed, and not afterwards; and (hall be laid or brought in the county or place where fuch offence (hall be committed, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every fuch aCtion or fuit fo to be brought, (hall and may plead the general ifliie, not guilty, and give this aCt, General UTueS and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aCt; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, or that fuch aCtion or fuit (hall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, that then, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants 5 and upon fuch verdiCt, or if the plan tiff or plaintiff? (hall become nopfoitfd, or difeontinue

D da	his

Digitized by L.ooQle

404

Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgii II. c. 50—52.	[1	749*

his aftion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may Treble cofts. rec(>vcr treble cofts, and have fuch remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any cafe by law.

XXI.	And whereas by an aft of the firft year of the reign of his 1 Geo.i. c. i%Mte	King George the Firjiy intituled,, An aft for the bet-

ter preventing frefh fifh taken by foreigners being imported into this kingdom; and for the prefervation of the fry or fifh; and for the giving leave to import lobfters and turbets in foreign bottoms; and for the better prefervation of falmon within feve-ral rivers in that part of this kingdom called England; it is en~ aftedy That no brety turbety brify or pearly codliny whitingy mullet\ bafsy place, foies, or floundersy which Jhall not be of the feveral lengths or fizes therein deferibedy Jhall be foldy offered or expofed to flaky or exchanged for any other gooiSy in that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas feveral of the faid fifh are taken with a hooky and though thrown again into the fleay cannot be preferved Fifh under alive \ be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That fifh under fute, if taken fuch dimenfions, as are prohibited by the (aid recited claufe, may bcfdd/ may b® expofed to fale, or exchanged for any other goods, pro-y * vided fuch fifh are taken with a hook, and lo not fit or capable of being preferved alive; any thing contained in the faid recited aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. L.

An aft for the better repairing the highways, and cleanfing the ftreets, within the parifh of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middle, fex; and for better enlightening the open places, ftreets, lanes, paf-iages, and courts there * and regulating the nightly watch, and bedels, within the faid parifh.

CAP. LI.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft pafTed in the twentieth year of the reign of his preient Majefty, for repairing the high road leading from the town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence through Winfton to Barnard Cattle in the fame county, and for the effeftual amending of the fame.

The aft io Geo. s. r. 15. continued for 1$ years.

CAP, LII.

An aft for	vefting the feveral of James late earl of

Derwentwater, and Charles Radeliffe, deceafed, comprized in feveral	fettlements therein in truftees, for an

abfolute eftate of	inherit, for the benefit of the royal

bofpital at Greenwich ; and for raifing certain fums of money out of part of the faid , for the relief of the children of the faid Charles Radeliffe.

WHEREAS	by indentures of leafe and the bear-

ing date the day next before the day of the date of the and the releafe being quadripbearing date the twenty fourth day of March, Anno Domini one thoufand fix hundred and ninety

one

Digitized by

Google

4°5

1749.] Anno vitefimo fecundo Georgii II. C. 52.

ont% and made between the right honourable Francis late earl of Der-wentwater of the firjl part; the right honourable Edward RadclifFe efquire, by the name of Edward lord vifcount RadclifFe and Langley, eldefe fon and heir apparent of the faid earl, of the fecond part j the honourable Francis RadclifFe, Thomas Radcliffe, William RadclifFe, and Arthur RadclifFe, efquires, younger fons of the faid Francis earl of Derwentwater, of the third part; and Sir John Lawfon, baronet, and Francis T unftall efquire, of the fourth part; all that the manor and lordjhip of A1 done, alias Aldftone Moore, and Garrigill, and all and every the rights, members, and appurte+ nances thereunto belongings fetuate, lyings and being in the county of Cumberland ; and all thofe meffuages, lands, and tenements, fetuate, lying, and being in Corbridge, in the county of Northumberland; and all thofe two parts, the whole in three parts to be divided, of the manor and lordjhip of Newton Hall in the faid county ^Northumberland, with the appurtenances; and all that mejfuage or tenement, with the appurtenances, called Shewing Sheels, lying in the county of Northumberland aforefaid; and all that tenement lb farmhold, with the appurtenances, called Blackaburne, lying in the Jaid county of Northumberland; and all thofe meffuages, lands, and tenements, with the appurtenances, fetuate, lying, and being in Alnwick in the faid county 0/Northumberland \ and all that moiety or one half part of the village or townjhip 0/Buteland, lying and being in the parijh of Chollerton and county /Northumberland aforefaid, and all the lands and grounds thereunto belonging; and alfo the moiety of one tenement or farmhold, with the appurtenances, called Broomeup, lying and being in the parijh and county aforefaid, and all the lands and grounds thereunto belonging \ and alfo the moiety or one half part of a tenement or farmhold, with the appurtenances, called The Steele, and the lands and grounds thereunto belonging; and alfo the moiety or one half part of a tenement or farmhold with the appurtenances called Hindhaugh, lying and being in the parijh and county aforefaid, and all the lands and grounds thereunto belonging \ and alfo the moiety or one half part of a tenement or farmhold, with the appurtenances, called The Fellin, lying and being in the parijh and county aforefaid, and all the lands and grounds thereunto belonging; and alfo the moiety or one half part of a tenement or farmhold, with the appurtenances, called The Stidley Hill, lying and being in the parijh of Coflenfyde in the county aforefaid, and all the lands and grounds thereunto belonging ; and all thofe meffuages, lands, and tenements, fetuate, lying, and being in Leehoufes, Spittle, New-Biggin, Wooley, Eaft Whitleys, Weft Whitleys, Lefsbury, Kirke Whelpington; one water corn mill called Wooley Mill; all fetuate, lying, and being in the faid county / Northumberland 5 and all thofe reftor'tes and parfo-nages of Kirke Whelpington, Harburne, alias Hartburne, and Midford, lying and being in the faid county of Northumberland ; and all the glebe lands, tythes, oblations, obventions, profits, and hereditaments whatfoever, to the faid feveral rectories and parfonages belonging, or in any Wife appertaining ; and alfo thofe the com tythes of Broxfield, Lurbittle, and Whinnetiy, with their and every of their appurtenances, fetuate, lying, and being in the faid county of

D d 3	Nor-

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georg11II. C.	[174^

Northumberland ; were, for the conf derations in the faid rented indenture quadripartite mentioned, fettled, limited, and offered, it the tefe of the faid Francis earl of Derwentwater, for hit life, without impeachment of wajie; and after hit death, and fubjeft to a trull for raifing five thoufand pounds for the right honourable the lady Mary Radcliffe, daughter of the /aid earl of Derwentwater, and to the feveral annuities of five hundred pounds, four hundred pounds, two hundred pounds, and three hundred pounds, payable to Francis Radcliffe, Thomas Radcliffe, William Radcliffe, and Arthur Radcliffe, the four younger fons of the faid Francis earl of Derwentwater, for their refpeflivi lives, to the ufe of the faid Edward hrd vifeount Radcliffe and Langley, for bit life, without impeachment of wafiey remainder to the honourable James Radcliffe efquire, for bis life, without impeachment of wajie j remainder to hit firjl and other font, in tail male, fuccejfively 5 remainder to the honourable Francis Radcliffe efquire, fecond fon of the faid Edward lord vifeount Radcliffe and Langley, for his life, without impeachment of waft; remainder to fhf firjl and other fons of the lajl named Francis Radcliffe, in tail male, fuccejfively; remainder to the third, fourth, fifth, fixtb, feventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth fons of the faid Edward lord vifeount Radcliffe and Langley, in tail male, fuccejfively; remainder to the faid Francis Radcliffe, fecond fon of the faid Frands garl ^Derwentwater, for hit life, without impeachment of wajie c remainder to his firjl and other fon andfons, in tail male, fuccejfively; remainder to the faid Thomas Radcliffe, for his life, without impeachment of wajie 5 and after his death to his firjl and other Jim end fons, in tail male, fuccejfively 5 remainder to the /aid William Radcliffe, for his Ufe, without impeachment of wajie 5 remainder to lit firjl and other fons, in tail male, fuccejfively \ remainder to the faid Arthur Radcliffe, for his Ufe, without impeachment of wafte\ re* matnder to his firjl and other fons, in tail male, jvccejfivety \ remainder tg the heirs of the body of the faid Francis earl of Derwent-water; remainder to the right heirs oj the fame Francis earl of Derwentwater for ever: and whereas the faid Francis earl of Derwentwater is long fence dead; and upon his death the faid Edward tailed vifeount Radcliffe and Langley, his fon and heir, became earl tf Derwentwater; and the faid Edward is alfo long fence dead; and upon bis death the faid James Radcliffe, bis fon and heir, be* tame earl of Derwentwater : and whereas by indentures of leafe end kreleafe, the leafe bearing date the day next before the day of the date pf the releafe; and the releafe being fextipartite, bearing date the twenty fourth day of June, Anno Domini one thoufand fiven bun-ired and twelve, and made between James late earl of Derwentwa* ter, of the firjl part; Sir John Webbe baronet, and the honour* able dame Barbara his wife, and Anna Maria Webbe, eldejl daughter of thefaid Sir John Webbe, of the fecond part \ the right honour-able Otho earl of Plymouth, and the right honourable Richard earl of Scarborough, of the third part; the right honourable Thomas lord pifeount Faulconberge, and John Radcliffe of London, doflor in phyfick, of the fourth part; the right honourable William ford Widdnngton (who way afterwards attainted of high trtafon)

o*4

Digitized by

1749-1	Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c.52.

and Ncvil Ridley gentleman, of the fifth part; and the honourable Francis Radcliffe and Charles Radcliffe, efquires, brothers of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, of the fixtb part; in con-fideration of a marriage then intended, and which Joon after took effect, and was folemnized between the faid James earl of Derwentwater and Anna Maria Webbe 5 and for other confiderations in the faid indenture of fix parts mentioned•, all that the barony, manor, or lordjhip of Langley, with the rights, members, and appurtenances thereof in the county of Northumberland; and all and fingular tnejfuages, farms, lands, tenements, and hereditaments wbatfoever, part and parcel,	reputed part and parcel of the faid barony or

lord/hip of Langley, or as part, parcel, of member thereof, demifed, letten, «/W, occupied, or enjoyed, end every of them, with their appurtenances 5 W alfo all thofe the manors of Wittingftall, alias Quittingftall, and Newlands, Dilfton alias Develfton, Aydon Shields, Warke, Elrineton, and Meldon, and every of them, with their and every of their rights, members, and appurtenances, in the faid county of Northumberland; and alfo all and fingular mef-fuages, granges, farms, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatsoever, part and parcel, or reputed part and parcel of the faid manors, every or any of them, or as part, parcel, or member of them, or any of them, demifed, letten, ufed, occupied or enjoyed, and every of them, with their appurtenances 5 and all thofe the manors, or reputed manors tf Spindlefton <«w/Utchefter, Throckley, Coaftlcy, Middle-ton Hall, Eaft Thornton alias Thornton Eaft, Weftwood, and Thomborough, and every of them, with their and every of their rights, members, and appurtenances in the faid county of Northumberland : and alfo all and fingular mejfuages, granges, farms, lands, meadows, paftures, feedings, tenements, and hereditaments whatfo-ezer, part and parcel, or reputed part or parcel of the faid laft-mentioned manors, or reputed manors, every or any of them, or as part, parcel, or member of them, or any of them, demifed, letten, ufed, occupied, or enjoyed, and every of them, with their appurtenances \ all and fingular which faid barony, manors, or reputed manors, mef-fuages, granges, farms, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises before-mentioned, are fituate, lying and being in Langley, Whittingftall alias Quittingftall^ Newlands, Dilfton alias Develfton, Aydon Shields, Warke, Elrington, Meldon, Spindlefton Utchefter, Throkley, Coaftley, Middleton-Hall, Thornton Eaft* Weftwood,Thomborough, Netherwarden, Haydon Bridge, Bywell Saint Andrew, Bywell Saint Peter, Corbrigge, Newton Hall, Hexam, Symondburne,Haltwhiftlc j/;^Holtwhiftle,Kirkhaugh, Knarefdall, Witfield, Balam, Balmbrough, Newbourn, Wooler, Ovingham, and Staley, fome or one of them, cr feme other town or towns thereto adjoining, in the faid county //Northumberland ; and filfoall that the advowfon of the church of Symondburne, with the appurtenances in the find county 0/Northumberland; and alfo all thofe the manors, or reputed manors of Cafrlerigg and Derwentwater, alias Kefwick, and Thomthwaite, with their and every of their rights, members, and appurtenances iu the county of Cumberland j find alfo all andfingular mejfuages, granges, farms, lands, meadows,

D d 4.	pafiures.

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 52.	[1749.

pajiures9 feedings, woods, underwoods, tenements, hereditaments wkatfoever, /wrf	parcel, <?r reputed part and parcel of the fad

lajl-mentioned manors of Caftlerigg and Derwentwater, alias Kcf-wick, Thornthwaite, ar 0*7	them, or as party parcel9

or member of them, or any of them y demifedy letten, ufedy occupied, or enjoyed,	0/" with their appurtenances;

manors and premiJJ'es lajl-mentioned are lying and being in Cralh-thwaite and Kefwick, or one of them, or Jome other town or towns thereto next adjoining, in the faid county of Cumberland ; and alfo all that the manor af Scremerfton, with the rights, members, and appurtenances, in the county palatine of Durham; and all and Jtngu-lar mejfuages, granges, farms,	tenements, hereditaments

what fever, to the faid lajl-mentioned manor belonging or apper~ tainingy or tbereoireputed part or parcely or therewith demifedy stfed, letten, or enjoyed fond every of them, with their appurtenances ; which faid manor and premijfes laf-mentioned are fituate, lying, and being in Scremerfton, Holy Ifland, Auncroft alias Auncraft, Twod-mouth, Norham, and Lowick, or fome or one of them, or feme other town or towns thereunto next adjoining, within the faid county palatine of Durham j and alfo all and Jingular other the mejfuagesy granges, farmSy lands, meadows, pajiures, feedings, woodsy underwoods, tenements, and hereditaments wbatfoever, late the eftate of the faid James late carl of Ik r *entwater, or whereof he was feifedofasey ejlate of inheritance inpojfejjton, reverjion, remainder or expe&amcy,fi-tuate, lying, and being within the faid feveral barony, manors, towns, villages, territories, or hamlets of Lanely, Wittingftall alias Qair-tingftall, Newlands, Dilfton otherwise Develfton, Ay don Shields, Warke, Elringten, Meldon, Spihdlefton, Utchefter, Throck-ley, Coaftley, Middleton Hall, Thornton Eaft, Weftwood, and Thornborough, every or any of them, in the faid county of Northumberland) or of Caftlerigg, Derwentwater, Thornthwaite and Kefwick, Crafth waite and Kefwick, or every or any one of them, in the faid county of Cumberland \ or of Scremerfton in the faid county palatine of Durham, and every of them, with their appurr tenances \ were fettled, limited, and affured to take effeQ, after the foUmnization of the faid intended marriage, and fubjefl to a term of ninety nine years, limited of part of the premijfes, which is fmee determined, to the ufe of the faid James earl of Derwentwater for life, without impeachment of wafte; and after his death, and fub-jett to a rent charge of one thousand pounds thereby limited to the faid Anna Maria for her lifes for her jointure, and after her death# and fubjefi to a term of two hundred years, which is fince determined, to the vfe of the fir ft, fecond, third, and all and every other the fon mi fons of the faid James late carl of Derwentwater, on the body of the faid Anna Maria, in tail male, fuccefftvely \ remainder to tie faid Otho earl cf Plymouth, and William lord Widdringtoo, their executors, adminifirators, and affigns, for a term of five bush dred years, in trujl, for raifing twenty thoufand pounds, for the portion and portions of the daughter and daughters of the faid James hte earl of Derwentwater, by the faid Anna Maria, in caff of failure of tjfue male between them> to be paid at fueb times, and ty

fuch

Digitized by v^.ooQle

409

1749*1 Anno vioefimo fecundo Georgii IL c. 52.

fuch manner,	with fucb maintenance,	« therein mentioned;

after the determination of the faid term of five hundred years, to /Ar «/r of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, and the heirs male of his beefy-, remainder to Francis Radcliffe, brother to the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, for life-, and after his death, to his fir ft and other fons in tail male fuccejfively; remainder to Charles Radcliffe, youngeft brother of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, for his life -, remainder to the faid Otho earl of Plymouth, and Thomas lord Faulconberge, and their heirs, during the life of the /aid Charles Radcliffe, in trull, to preferve the contingent remainders; remainder to the firjft and other fons of the faid Charles Radcliffe, in tail male, fucceffively; remainder to the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, his heirs and ajfigns' for ever: and whereas by deed poll, under the hand and feal of the faid Edward earl of Derwentwater, bearing date the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand fix hundred and ninety nine, the faid Edward earl of Derwentwater, in purfuance of a power given and referved to him in and by a fettlement made on hts marriage with the lady Mary Tuder, did grant, limit, and appoint an annuity or yearly rent charge of two hundred pounds unto, and for the benefit of his youngeft fon Charles Radcliffe, during his life, payable half-yearly, and charged upon, and ijfuing out of divers manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Northumberland, therein particularly defcribed as part of * the premises herein before mentioned: and whereas the faid Edward earl of Derwentwater left ijfue three fons, videlicet, fames late earl of Derwentwater, the faid Francis Radcliffe and Charles Radcliffe, who was born after the fir ft recited fettlement: and whereas the faid Francis Radcliffe, the fecond fon of the faid Edward earl of Derwentwater, and the faid Francis Radcliffe and Thomas Radcliffe, two of the younger fons of the find Francis earl of Derwentwater, all died without iffue tn the lifetime of the Jaid James earl of Derwentwater : and whereas the Jaid James late earl of Derwentwater was attainted of high trea-fon, after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, and before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen; (that is to fay) on or about the ninth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, and on the twenty fourth of the fame February, was executed -, and the faid Anna Maria his wife, late countefs of Derwentwater, died on or about the nineteenth day of Aueufl, one thoufand feven hundred, and twenty three; and the faid James late earl of Derwentwater left iffue by the faid Anna Maria one fon named John, and one daughter named Anna Maria: and whereas the faid William Radcliffe and Arthur Radcliffe died without iffue fince the faid attainder: and whereas the faid Charles Radcliffe was alfo attainted of high treafon, after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, and before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven nundred and eighteen; that is to fay, on the eighteenth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen -, and the faid Charles Radcliffe was, on the eighth day of December, one thousand fevers hundred and forty fix, executed for the treafon by hires

committed

Digitized by CjOOQlC

4io

Aimo vicefimo fecundo Georgij II. C.52.	[1749*

committed as aforefaid: and whereas by an aft made in the firft year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Firfi, (intituled, An iuco.s.C'5o. for appointing commiffioners to inquire of the eftates of certain traitors, and of popifh recufants, and of eftates given to fuperftitious ufes, in order to raife money oat of them leverally for the ufe of the publick) it was enafted, That all and every the caffes, honours, lordjhips, manors, mejfuagcs, lands, tenements, rents, rever fans, fer vices, remainders, pojfeffions, royalties, franchifts,ju-rifdiftipns,	privileges whatfoever,	all appurtenances to them,

or any of them belonging, *r wife appertaining 5 and all rights of entry,	of aftion, /Wri, conditions,	/rtf/fr, powers,	6*-

thorities; and all leafes for life, lives, or years, penfans, annuities, rents, charges, and hereditaments whatfoever, and of what nature or kind foever in Great Britain, Ireland, or elfewhere, whereof any perfon or perfons who, face the twenty fourth day of June, wi the year of our Lord one thoufandfeven hundred and fifteen, had been attainted, or before the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, Jbould be attainted for high treafon committed before the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, within Great Britain, or elfewhere, was, were, or Jbould have been feifed or pojfejfed of, or interefied in, or intitled unto, on the twenty fourth day ofJune, one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, or at any time afterwards, in bis, her, or their own right, or to his, her, or their own ufe, or whereof any other perfon or per-fins was, were, or Jhould have been feifed or pojfejfed of, or interefied in, to the ufe of, or in trufi for them, or any of them, on the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, or at any time afterwards, Jbould fiand and be forfeited to his Mate-Jfy, his heirs and fuccejfors, and Jhould be deemed, vejled, and adjudged to be in the aftual and real pojfejfton of his Majejly, without any office or inquifition thereof, thereafter to be taken orfound; all whichfind cafiles, honours, manors, lands, tenements, rents, reverfions, hereditaments, and other the pretniJTes, according to the feveral and refpeftive eftates and interefis, which the faid perfons attainted, or to be attainted. Within fuch days and times as aforefaid, or any in trufi for them, or any of them, or to their or any of their ufe or ufes, had, or Jbould have bad therein as aforefaid, were thereby declared and enafted to be fo vejled in his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccejfors, for the ufe of the pubuck: and to the intent that the fame, and the profits and proceed thereof, Jhould be difpofed and applied to the ufe and benefit of the pub-lick, and in eofe of his Majefiy s good fubjefts, according to fuch aft and afts of parliament as Jhould thereafter be made and puffed in that behalf; and that where any of the perfon or perfons attainted, or to be attainted, within fuch days and times as aforefaid, were feifed of an eftate tail in pojfeffm, in any fuch cafiles, honours, manors, mef-fuages, lands, tenements, rents, hereditaments, or other the premijfes, the fame were thereby enafted and declared to be vefiedin his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccejfors, in fee fimple, to the end the fame might be ab-folutely fold, difpofed, or applied, according to fuch aft or afts of par+ liament as jhould thereafter be made in that behalf, and all and every perfon and perfons (other than and except all fuch forfeiting perfons as

aforefaidf

Digitized by v^rOOQle

1749.] Anno vkcfimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 52*	411

aforefaid, and the biirs, executors, adminiflrators,	nffigns of

every of them ; and all perfons having or claiming any thing in the premises, or any part thereof to the ufe of or in trvfl for any fuch forfeiting perfons, or their or any of their heirs, executors, or admi-nijlrators \ and fuch perfons who had or might claim any eftate, which was in reverfion or remainder, expeflant on the determination of any ejlate tail, whereof a forfeiting perfon was feifed as aforefaid, on the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, or at any time fince, always excepted) having any ejlate, right, title, interejl, ufe, trull, pojfejfton, reverfion, remainder, nuity, fervice, rai/, debt, benefit, charge, *r incumbrance in latv'or equity, in, to, out of, or upon any cafiles, honours, manors, mejfuages, lands, tenements, rents, hereditaments, or real ejlate, or any other the premijfes in Great Britain, Ireland, *r elfewhere, therein before vejled in his Majejiy, by or under any fettlement, conveyance, judgment, Jlatute, recognizance, extent, or other debt, charge, or incumbrance, affe fling the fame ejlate, before the refpeflive days and times whereon the fame were vejled in his Majesty as aforefaid, were, an or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen (and which time, by another afl of parliament made in the third year of the reign of his faid late Majejiy, intituled.

An act to inlarge the time for making claims before the com- 3Geo, i.c.— miflioners appointed to inquire of the forfeited eftates, was in-larged to thefirjl day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and and feventeen) to enter all their refpeflive clams and demands thereof before certain commiffioners appointed by the faid afl, or any four or more of them reftding in England or Scotland refpeflively, in the manner in the Jaid afl mentioned; or in default thereof, every fuch ejlate, right, title, interejl, ufe, pojfejfton, reverfion, remainder, office, annuity, fervice, rent, debt, benefit, charge, or incumbrance, in, to, out of, or upon the faid premijfes, or any part thereof, was thereby declared to be null and void; and the ejlate or ejlates liable unto, or charged therewith, were from thenceforth to be freed, acquitted, and difebarged of and from the fame: and whereas by another afl of parliament made in the fourth year of the reign of his faid late majefy 4 Geo. 1. c, I. King George the Ftrjl (intituled. An a<5t for vetting the forfeited ettates in Great Britain and Ireland in truftees, to be fold for the life of the publick, and for giving relief to lawful creditors, by determining the claims, and for the more effe&ual bringing in* to the refpedtive exchequers the rents and profits of the faid eftates till fold) it was enafled. That all and every the cajlles, ho* nours, lordjhips, manors, mejfuages, lands, tenements, rents, reverfions, ftrvices, remainders, pojfejfions, royalties, franthifes, jurijdiflions, and privileges whatfoever, and all appurtenances to them, or any of them, belonging, or in any wife appertaining; and all rights of entry, rights of aflion, titles, conditions, ufes, trujls, powers, and authorities ; and all leafes for life, lives, or years, penfions, annuities, rents, charges, and hereditaments whatfoever, and of \vhat nature or kind foever, not difpofed of according to the direflions of the faid firjl-re~ cited afl, in Great Britain, Ireland, or elfewhere, which by the faid recited afl were vejled, or intended to be vejled, in Jis Majejiy, bis

Mri

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. C. 52.	[1749;

heirs and fuccejfors, as aforefaid, for the ufe of the publicly Jbould bey and were thereby\ vejled and fettled in the aflual and real poffejfitn and feifin of Richard Grantham efquirey George Treby efquirey Arthur Ingram efquire % George Gregory efquirey Sir Richard Steele knighty Sir Henry Houghton baronet, Patrick Haldane eft

eiitey Sir Thomas Hales baronety Robert Munro efquirey Henry unningham efquirey Denis Bond efquirey John Birch ferjeant at lawy and Sir John Eyles baronety and their heirSy executorsy admi-nijlratorsy and affigns refpeflivefyy from *tbe twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eigbteeny according to too feveral efiates ana interejls vejled or intended to be vejled in his Ma-ffyby the faid former aft; to the end the fame might be bargainedy foldy difpofed ofy and applied by the faid trufteeSy and the furvivors of themy to and for the ufes in the Jaid recited'afly or in the faidafl of the fourth year of hisJaid late Majljlfs reign after-mentioned and declared: and it was by the faid loft recited aft further enafledy That, from and after the faid twenty fifth day 0/* March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighteeny the faid commijfioners and trufteeSy or any four or more of themy refiding in England, Scotland, or Ireland, refpeflivefyy Jbould and were thereby enabled and requiredy at any time or times, to fell all and fingular the ejlates and inter ejls vejled in them as aforefaid; (that is to Jay) fuch of the faid ejlates and inte-rejlsy concerning which no claims Jbould be or . had been entered within the times limited for that purpofey as foon as conveniently might be after the faid twentyfifth day ofMarch, one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen; and fuch of the faid ejlates and inter efts for or concerning which any claims had been or Jbould be enteredy as aforefaidy as foon as conveniently might be after fuch claims relating to fuch ejlates or inter ejls refpeflively Jbould be determined 5 the faid fales to be made to any perfon or perfons being protefiantSy bodies politick or corporate, their heirSy fuccejfors, executors, adminiftrators or affigns (other than the faid iommiffioners and trufteeSy or their officers refpeflively, or any others in trujtfor them) who Jbould become pur chafer or pur chafers thereof y for fuch efiate and 'interejl therein refpeflively, as was therein before vejled in the faid commijfioners and trujlees: and the faid eommijfmers and trujleesy or any four or more of themy refiding in England, Scotland, or Ireland, refpeflivefyy being certifed of the payment of the price agreed upon into the receipt of his Majejly's exchequers in England and Scotland refpeflively, were ti execute an indenture or contrafl of bargain and Jale of the parcels bought and paid for to the buyers thereof \ for fuch efiate or interejl therein as the faid commijfioners and trujleesy or any four or more of them refiding in England, Scotland, or Ireland refpeflivelyy Jbould have contra fled to fell the fame \ and all and every pur chafer or purchafer5, hisy hery or their heirs, fucceJforSy executorSy adminiftrators and aft fignSy were to bold and enjoy fuch parts and parcels of the premij/es as Jbould be fo purchafed and conveyed for fuch efiate and interejl therein refpeflivefyy as Jbould be conveyed by the faid commijfioners and trufteeSy or any four or more of themy in fuch indenture or contrafl of bargain ana falty freed and difeharged of and from all arrears of quit-rentSy crown-rentSy feu duties and chiefrieSy at any time accrued

Digitized by

i749‘] Anno vicditoo fccundo Georgii IT. c. 52.	413

trued or to grow due before the date of fuch refpeHiVe conveyancer, and of and from all other claims and demands of bis Majejly, his heirs andJmejfors, and of the faid commijfioners and truftees, their heirs, executors, ddminijlrators, and ajftgns, and of all and every other per-<?r perfons wbatfoever, other than and except fuch claims and demands which Jhould be allowed by the faid commijfioners and truftees, or any four or more of them, or the court of delegates (which, by the faid loft recited all, his faid late Majejly was impowered to appoint, for hearing and determining fuch appeals as Jhould be made by any claimant from any judgement, determination, or decree of the faid commifjioners and trujlees, or any four or more of them) on the determinate offuch claims as fore faid: and whereas the aforefaid John RadclifFe,^/* of the Jaid James late earl of Derwent water, did, by bis mother and guardian the faid Anna Maria, late countefs of Der-wentwater, on or about the firfl day of March, one thoufand feven hundred andfixteen, exhibit two feveral claims before the commijfion-ers appointed by the faid recited all of the fir ft year of his faid late Majejly's reign \ by one of which the Jaid John RadclifFe claimed the manors, lands, and hereditaments, comprized in the faid fettlement of the twenty fourth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety one, as the right and inheritance of him the faid claimant, and the heirs male of his body; and by the other of the faid claims, the faid John RadclifFe claimed the manors, lands, and hereditaments, comprized in the faid indenture of releafe of the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred ana twelve (fubjelt to the aforefaid rent charge, and to the faid term of two hundred years, and the trufts thereof) as the light and inheritance of him thefaid claimant, and the heirs male of his body: which claims coming afterwards on to be heard before the faid commijfioners, the claim made by the faid John RadclifFe to the manors, lands, and hereditaments, comprized in the faid fettlement of the twenty fourth day of March, one.thoufand fix hundred and ninety one, was allowed; and the claim made by him to the manors, lands, and hereditaments, comprized in the Jaid fettlement of the twenty fourth day of Tune, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, was difmijfed : but the decree made by the faid commijfioners for difmijfing the fame was, upon an appeal made to the court of delegates, appointed by his faid late Majefiy by virtue of the faid recited all, made in the fourth year of his reign, rever fed, and the faid lajl mentioned clam was, by the faid court allowed: and whereas by an aH made in the ninth year ofthe reign of his faid late 9qco# iCi9 majejly King George the Firfl (intituled. An a<ft to continue the 9 duties for encouragement of the coinage of monies; and for re* lief of IVilliam late lord Widdrington j and to prevent foreign lotteries being carried on in this kingdom; and for afeertaining the duties on bound boots imported ; and for ifFuing certificates and debentures for arrears due to five regiments, to be fatisfied by annuities therein mentioned; and for difeharging the duties of rock fait loft on the rivers Weaver and Mercy; and for limiting the times of continuance of commifTioners for forfeited eftates in England and Scotland refpeftivcly j and for appropriating the

fupplies

Digitized by

Google



Anno vicefimo fecundo GecxRGII II. C.52.	[1749.

fupplies granted to his Majesty in this feffion of parliament j and to re&ify mifnomers and omiffions of commiflioners for the land tax in the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three) after reciting, That ail the claims entered before the commijfi-oners and truftees in England were heard and determined, and the appeals from the decrees of the faid commijfioners and truftees in Eng-and, were alfo finally determined, it was enafted, That the forfeited efiates in England, by any former aft or afts cf parliament veftei in the faid commijfioners and truflees, which Jhoula remain unfoldfrom and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand Jeven hundred and twenty three, were thereby divefled out of the faid com -mifftoners and truflees, and vefied in the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffot s, for the ufe of the publick : and whereas by indenture bearing date the twenty eighth day of September, anno domini one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and made or mentioned to be made between the faid George Gregory, Sir Thomas Hales, Henry Cuningham, Denis Bond, John Birch, and Sir John Eyles, commijfioners and truflees, nominated and appointed for putting in execution the powers and authorities relating to the forfeited efiates in England and Ireland, enafted by the two afts of parliament herein firft-mentioned, of the one part, and William Smith of Billiter Square, London efquire, of the other part, reciting toe marriage fettlement of the faid James late earl 0/Derwentwater; and that the eflate for life fo limited, as aforefaid to the faid Charles Rad-cliffe, of and in all and fingular the faid premises mentioned in the faid recited fettlement of the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, in remainder, after the death of the faid John Radcliffe without iffue male of his body, was vejted in the faid commijfioners and truflees for the ufesjn thefaid afts mentioned; and that the reverjjon in fee of the fame premises, fo limited to the right heirs of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, was alfo veiled in the faid commifficncrs and truflees for the fame ufes, the faid George Gregory, Sir Thomas Hales, Henry Cuningham, Denis Bond, John Birch, and Sir John Eyles, purfuant to the faid aft of parliament of the fourth year of his faid late Majefty, and in execution of the truft thereby in them repofed, and of the powers and authorities to them, or any four or more of them, thereby given: and for and in confederation of one thoufand and fixty pounds, for which the faid William Smith contrafted with the Jaid commijfioners and truflees for the purchafe of all andfingular the premises, during the life of the faid Charles Radcliffe, without impeachment of wafte, and for and during fo long as the faid Charles Radcliffe Jhould have iffue male of his body, in remainder, expeftant on the death of the faid John Radcliffe without iffue male; and alfo the reverfion in fit of and in the faid premijfes limited to the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, did bargain andfell all and fingular the faid barony, m<k-nors, lordjhips, reftories, parfonages, mines, collieries, mejfiuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premijfes, comprized in the Jaid indenture of releafe, bearing date the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand Jeven hundred and twelve, and every part and parcel thereof with their and every of their appurtenances, unto the feud William

Smith

Digitized by Google

1749.] Anno vfcefimo fccundo Gborgii II. c. 52.

Smith (whom the faid commijfioners and trujiees did declare and confirm the pur chafer thereof\ he having bid moji for the fame on the pub-lid fate, by cant or outturn bad for that purpofe, according to the lajt mentioned aft of parliament) and bis heirs, to hold to him, his heirs, andajfigns (in cafe the faid John Radcliffe Jbould happen to die without heirs male of his body begotten) for and during the natural life of the faid Charles Radcliffe, without impeachment of wafie ; and far and during fo long as the faid Charles Radcliffe, Jbould have heirs male of his body lawfully to be begotten and on. failure of ijfue mala of the faid Charles Radcliffe, to hold the fame premijfes unto the faid William Smith, his heirs and ajfigns, to the ufe of him9 his heirs, and ajfigns, for ever: and whereas by another indenture9 bearing date the faid twenty eighth day of September, one tbou~ fund feven hundred and twenty three, ana made between the farm commijfioners and trufiees, of the one part; and the faid William Smith, of the other part ; reciting the fettlement of the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand fix hundred and ninety one \ and that by the attainder of the faid James late earl of Derwcntwater, and the a ft of parliament afore-mentioned, the reverfion in fee, ofallthepre-mifjes in the faid fettlement comprized, was vefied in the faidcommif-Jioners and trufiees; and by the attainder of the faid Charles Radcliffe, and the faid aft of parliament, the remainder in tail, limited to him in the fame premifj'es, expeftant on the*death of the faid John Radcliffe without ijfue male of his body, was alfo vefied in the faid commijfioners and trufiees, the faid George Gregory, Sir Thomas Hales, Henry Cuningham, Denis Bond, John Birch, and Sir John Eyles, in execution of the powers and authorities afore-mentioned ; and for and in confederation of one thoufand and Jtxty pounds, for which the faid William Smith contraftcd with them, not only for the purchafe of the fame premijfes, for the remainder in tail male, fo forfeited by the attainder of the faid Charles Radcliffe, and the reverfion in fee, fo forfeited by the attainder of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, but alfo for the purchafe of a remainder limited by another fettlement to the faid Charles Radcliffe, and his if-fue male, and the reverfion infee to the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, of and in the barony of Langley, and divers lands and hereditaments, mentioned in the indenture of bargain andfale, herein' laft before recited, did bargain and fell all and finguhr the manors, lordfhips, hamlets, mejfuages, lands, tenements, mills, reftories, tythes, and other the premijfes, in the faid fettlement of the twenty fourth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety one, corn-prized witn their and every of their appurtenances, unto the faid William Smith (whom the faid commijfioners and trufiees did thereby declare and confirm the purchafer thereof, he having bid mofi for the fame on the publick fate, by cant or auftion had for that purpofe, according to the lafi-mentioned aft of parliament) and his heirs, to hold to him, his heirs .and ajfigns (in cafe the faid John Radcliffe Jhould happen to die without ijfue male of his body) for and during the natural life of thelaid Charles Radcliffe, and fo long as he Jhould have ijfue male of his body ; and in cafe the faid William Radcliffe, and Arthur Radcliffe, Jbould both happen to die without ijjue male of thgir refpeftive bodies, then to hold the famf premijfes unt<ythe faid

WH-

Digitized by

Google

416	Anno	viccfimo	fcCundo	GeorgiI II. C.52;	[174^

William Smith, his heirs and ajfigns, to the ufe of hint, his heirt and ajjigns for ever; and whereas the faid John RadclifFe departed this life in or about the year one tboujdnifeven hundred and thirty one, 5GC0.2.c. *3. before he attained his age of twenty one years, without ijfue, andun-•	married: and whereas by an a ft made in the fifth year of the reign

of his prefent Majefiy (intituled. An a6t for making void the feveral contracts for fale of the eftate of James late earl of Deru'ent-water to William Smith efquire, and alfo of the annuity of two hundred pounds, during the life of Charles Radcliffe, and the arrears thereof, to Matthew White efquire, and the feveral conveyances made in purfuance of the fame ;) it was, for the reafons therein contained, enafted, That the feveral contrafts made, figntd, or entered into, or pretended to be made, ftgned, or entered into, by the faid commijjioners and trufiees, or any' of them, for the fale or conveyance to the faid William Smith, of any eftate, right, title, or inter eft of, in, to, or out of the barony, manors, lordfhips, mejjua-ges, farms, lands, tenements, reftorics, tythes, hereditaments, and premijfes, in thefaid recitedfettlements of the twenty fourth of March, one thoujand fix hundred and ninety one, and twenty fourth of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, comprized, or either of them, or of, in, to, or out of any part or parcel thereof, or any lands, tenements, or hereditaments whatfoever, contrdfted or pretended to be contrasted for by the faid William Smith, for the Jum of one thou-fand and Jixty pounds ; and alfo the contrast or contrafts, or pretended contrast or contrafts, for the fale, conveyance, or ajftgnment to the faid Matthew White, of the faid annuity of two hundred pounds, granted to, or charged for the benefit of the faid Charles RadclifFe, as therein is mentioned, and of the arrears of the fame 5 and alfo the faid feveral recited indentures of bargain ana fale refpeftively, bearing date the twenty eighth day of September, in the year one thoufandfeven hundred and twenty three; and one other indenture of bargain and fale therein recited, bearing date the faid twenty eighth day ^September, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, being the indenture of bargain and fale therein recited to have been made to the faid Matthew White, of the faid annuity or yearly rent of two , hundred pounds, fo granted to the faid Charles RadclifFe for his Ufe as aforefaid, together with the arrears thereof incurred and grown due, from the time of the attainder of the faid Charles RadclifFe, to the day of the date of the faid indenture; and all and every the bargains, /ales, conveyances, deeds, and inftruments figned, fealed, made or executed, or pretended fo to be, for the conveying, transferring, vejling, paffing, and ajfuring the faid feveral eftates, interefts, annuity, arrears, and other the premijfes, or any part or parcelthereof, unto the faid William Smith and Matthew White, or either of them, their or either of their heirs, executors, adminiflrators, or of-figns, Jhould be, and were thereby fet afide and annulled, and were thereby adjudged and declared to be, and to have been abfolutely null and void to all intents, conflruftions, and purpofes, as if the fame had never been made 5 and the attorney general of his Majefiy, bis heirs and fuccejfors, by his or their dir eft ton, was thereby impowered to apply to tie court of Exchequer for fale, and'the faid court was thereby impowered to order fale of the faid barony, manors, lands, heredi-	*

ditaments

Digitized by C^ooQle

1749*1 Anno victfimafecundo GeoUgii II. c. 52*

laments, and premijfes {fubjeft to fucb claims and defnands, as bad been allowed by the jaid commiffioners and trujlees, according to the. fend recited aft of the fourth year of hisfaid late Majejly's reign)for fitch eftate and interefi as was vefted in his Majesty, bis heirs and fuccejfors, as aforefaid; and the pur chafe-money was to be paid into the receipt of his Majejly's exchequer, to be applied and difpofed of ac-cording to any aft or afts of parliament then after to be made for that purpofe; end it was thereby further enafted, t)>at until fuch fale Jbould be made, as by the find aft is direfted, it Jbiuld be lawful for the lords commijjioners of his Majejly's treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurerfor the time being, to caufe to be Collefted and levied all the rents, ijjues, and profits of the faid barony, manors, lands, hereditaments, and premises, and all arrearages thereoffince the death of the faid John RadclifFe; and to fue for and re-cover the fame in the name of his Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, and to caufe all the monies arijing thereby (the necejfary charges of levying, colie ft big, fuingfor, and recovering the fame, and the incident charges relating thereunto only excepted) to be brought and paid into the receipt of the exchequer, to be applied and difpofed of, according to any aft or afts of parliament thereafter to be made for that purpofe but in the faid lafl-recited aft, a favtng is made to his Majejly, hit heirs and fuccejfors, of all fuch right, title, ejlate, intereft, claime and demand of, in, unto, or out of the faid premijfes, as his Majejly, bis heirs or fuccejfors, might have had or been mtitled unto, in cafe that aft had never been made, other than and except fucb right, title, if ate, intereft, claim, and demand, as was vefted in his Majesty, hit heirs and fuccejfors, by virtue of the feveral attainders before-mentioned, or of the afts of parliament therein recitedand a Javing is alfo in the faid laft-recited aft made to all other perfons, other than and except the faid commiffioners and trujlees, and the faid Matthew White and William Smith, and any perfons concerned with them in the faid contrafts or purebafts, their refpeftive heirs, executors, adminiftrators and ajfigns, and all perfons claiming or to claim any eftate, right , title, intereft, or demand, either in law or equity, in, unto, or out of the faid premijfes, by, from, or under them, of all fuch right, title, eftate, intereft, claim, or demand, of, in, unto, or out of the faid premijfes, as they might have had or been intitled unto, in cafe that aft bad never been made: and whereas by another aft of parliament made in the eighth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty (intituled. An aft for gGto.s.c the application of the rents and profits of the eftates forfeited by the attainders of James late earl of Derwentwater and Charles, Radcliffe,) reciting, amongft other things. That there then remained in the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer the fum of feven thoufand one hundred and eighty two pounds, thirteen Jhillings, which had arifen out of the rents and profits of the faid premijfes fo vefted in his Majesty as aforefaid; and that there were alfo feveral Jums of money in the hands of the colie ft or s and receivers, and due and in arrear from the tenants and farmers of the faid premijfes; and farther reciting.

That the annuity or rent charge, and aljo the feveral mortgages and incumbrances of and upon the Jaid eftate of the faid late fan of Derwentwater,, or fome part thereof, therein and herein after particu-Vo^.XlX.	£	c	larly

Digitized by L.ooQle

Anno riccfimo fecundo Georgn II. c.52.	[1749.

forty mentioned, bad been regularly claimed and allowed, according to the direftion of the /aid aft of thefourth year of his faid late Majeftfs reign; and that there was then due, owing, ijfuing, and payable out

of the faid ejlate, or feme part thereof\ to the feveral perfons therein and herein after-named, the fever al Jums of money and annuity there-in and herein after mentioned; that is to Jay, to the right honourable Robert James lord Petre the fum of twenty thoufand pounds principal money, with the intereft thereof: to Cuthbert Conftable, alias Tunftall, of Burton Conftable in Holdemefs, in the county of York, ef quire, upon mortgage, the fum offive thoufand tune hundred pounds, principal-money, befides intereft; to Mary Chamberlain fpinfter, Edward Hopkins of the city of Coventry efquire, and Anna Maria his wife, Richard Luther e/quire* and Charlotte Arr wife, upon mortgage, the fum of three thoufand pounds prindpd-mo-ney, befides intereft: to the lady Catherine RaddiSt, fecond daughter of Francis late earl of Derwent water, one annuity or yearly rent charge of one hundred pounds, clear of all taxes, for the term of her natural life, with the arrears thereof\ it was enafted. That the faid fum of feven thoufand one hundred and eighty two pounds, thirteen /hillings, fo arifing and produced of the rents and profits of the faid premiffes, and remaining in the receipt of the exchequer as aforefaid, Jhould be iffued, appropriated, and applied, in the firft place, for the paying and charing off all intereft and arrears of the faid annuity of one hundred pounds a year, and incumbrances therein and herein before-mentioned, to the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand fe-ven hundred and thirty five; and after payment thereof, the furplus and refidue of the faid Jum of jeven thouf and one hundred and eighty two pounds, thirteen Jhillings, Jhould (except as therein after is excepted) be appropriated and applied, and was thereby appropriated and applied, towards the building and finijhing of the royal bofpital for feamen at Greenwich: and it was thereby further enafted. That all Jums of money collefted and received by the refpeftive receivers of the rents and profits of the faid premiffes, fo forfeited and vefted tn his Majesty as aforefaid, which were not paid into the receipt of the exchequer on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred ana thirty five, and all arrears of rents and profits of the fame premiffes, due and owing from the feveral farmers, tenants, and occupiers of any part or parts thereof at or on the faid twenty fifth day 0/March, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty five; and all the rents, ffues, and profits of the faid premiffes, which Jhould from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty five, grow, accrue, or become due and payable for and during his Majeftfs faid eft ate and intereft in thefaid premiffes, fubjeft in the firft place to the payment of the faid annuity of one hundred pounds a year, as the fame /hall grow due, and of all principal and intereft due and to grow due upon the feveral incumbrances therein, and herein before-mentioned, Jhould be iffued and applied, and were thereby appropriated and applied in the firft place for and towards the finijhing and completing the* building of the Jaid royal bofpital for feamen at Greenwich ; and after the building of the fame royal hqfpi-tal Jhould be completed andfinijhed, for and towards

Digitized by

Google

I749‘] Anno vicefimo fecundo GeorgIi If. c.52.	4

fatd royal hofpital for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country : and it was thereby further enabled and declared, That thefaid prjmif-fee fo forfeited and vefted in his Majejly as aforefaid, Jhould hot be fold (except as in the fa d aft is excepted) but Jhould remain and continue veiled in his Majesty, his heirs, and fuccejfors (fubjeft to, and charged and chargeable with, the faid annuity of one hundred pounds, dnd incumbrances of orefaid, and the payment thereof, in the firft place) for fuch eftate ana inter eft as aforefaid, for the purpofes of the faid la ft-recited aft: and his Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors were, by the faid laft-recited aft, impowered to authorize the commifftoners or governors of the faid royal hofpital for the time being, or any fevert or more of them, to appoint ftewards, receivers, or bailiffs of the faid premises, fo forfeited and vefled in his Majejly as afore fatd, for and during the faid eftate and interejl of his Majejly, his heirs, and fuc-ceffors, in ths> fame premijfes; and to invejl them with full power to receive the rents, tjfues, and profits thereof; and to give receiptSi difeharges, and acquittances for t he fame \ and to hold courts, and to do and perform all afts, matters, and things, neceffary for the managing the faid premijfes, ufually done and perf ormed by ftewards, receivers, and bailiffs: and his Majejly, bis heirs and fuccejfors, were, by the faid lafi-recited aft alfo impowered, during the continuance of the faid eftate and interejl of his Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, in,the faid premijfes, to authorize the commifftoners and governors of the laid royal hofpital, for the time being, to grant leafes of the premijfes fo forfeited, andvefted in his Majejly as aforefaid, for any term not exceeding twenty one years in pojfcjfion, at the beft and moft improved yearly rent: and it was thereby further enabled. That the commiffton-ers or governors of the faid royal hofpital Jhould, and were thereby required, to contraft and agree with able and fufficient tradefmen, artificers, or other perfons, forftnijhing and completing the faid royal hofpital in a workman-like andfubftantial manner, on the eafeeft and moft reafonable terms, according to the plan laid before the houfe of commons in that feffion of parliament; and that they Jhould lay their proceedings therein, with their annual accounts, before his Majejly, and both houfe s of parliament refpeftively: and it was by the faid aft, for the reajons therein contained, provided and enabled. That out of the rents and profits of the faid eftate, then remaining in the receipt of his Majejly*s exchequer, there Jhould and might be ijfued and paid to the lord vifcount Gage in the kingdom ^/Ireland, the fum of two tbou-fand pounds without account, and clear of’ all fees and deauftions; in which fetid laft recited aft is contained a faving to his Majejly, his heirs, and fuccejfors, of all fuch right, title, eftate, interejl, claim, and demand, of, in, unto, or out of the faid premijfes, as his Majejly, his heirs ana fuccejfors, might have had, or been infilled unto, in cafe that fift had never been made; other than and except fuch right, title, eftate, intereft, claim, and demand, as was vefted in his Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, by virtue of thefeveral attainders before-mentioned, or of the therein recited afts of parliament; and other than and except juch right, title, eftate, intereft, claim, and demand, which his Majejly, bis heirs and fuccejfors, had or might have in or to fuch part

Eca	or

Digitized by Google

420	Anno	viccfimo fecundo Georgii II. 0.52,	[1749*

or parts of the faid premiffes, which Jhould he fold pwrfuant to the di-regions of that aft: and therein alfo is contained a Caving to the fm-ral mortgagees and incumbrancers before named (till they Jhould be paid off as qforefaid) and to all other per fins, of all fueh right, title, ef-tote, inter eft, claim, and demand, of, in, unto, or out of the faid premiffes (except fuch part or parts thereof, which Jhould be fold pur-fuant to the direftions of that all) as they might have had, or been in-titled unto, in cafe that all had never been made: and whereas by an 11 Geo. *'	all made in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majejly inti-

c. 30.	tuled. An aft for,explaining and amending an aft of the eighth

year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An all for the application <f the rents and profits of the eftates forfeited by the attainders of James late earl of Derwentwater, and Charles RaddiffeJ it was enafted, Thai upon the death of his prefent Majejly, and alfo upon the death of every fuccefftve King and Slueen of this realm, all Juch alls and fervices Jhould be done and performed, and all fuch fines and fums of money Jhould be paid by the refpeftive tenants of the eftates to every fucceffor of his Majejly, or (in cafe any of the faid eftates Jhould be fold) to fuch other perfon woo Jhall be the owner thereof, as by the ancient tenure thereof, or by any contrail% law, ufage, or cujlm, ought to be done, performed and paid by them, in cafe fuch King or Queen fo dying, was confidered as a privateperfon only, and not in his or her politick capacity; and that for default of performance of fuch alls and fervices, which ought fo to be done and performed, and for default of payment of any fuch fines andfums of money, which ought fo to be paid, fuch forfeitures and penalties Jhould accrue and become due, and it Jhould be lawful for bis Majejly, bis heirs and fucceffors, and for all perfons by him or them appointed, or who Jhould be then owners of the faid eftates, to ufe and take allfuch ways and means for recovering and taking advantage of the faid forfeitures and penalties, as might be lawfully ufed or taken by any lord of thefaid eftates, in cafe fuch king or queen fo dying was confidered as a private perfon only, and not in his or her politick capacity \ and that all the faid fines, fums of money, penalties, and forfeitures, which Jhould accrue and become due to his Majejly, his heirs and fucceffors, during his and their intereft therein, Jhould be applied to and for the ufe and benefit of the royal hofpital for feamen at Greenwich; and the attorney general of his Majejly, his heirs and fucceffors, by his or their direction, was im-powered by the faid aft to apply to his Majejly's court of Exchequer at Weftminfter, by motion, in a fummary way, for the fale of all, or of fuch part or parts of the timber on the faid eftates, while the fame Jhould remain unfold, from time to time, and at all times, as Jhould be thought fit \ and the money ariftng by fuch fale or fates, was to be applied by the direftion of the faid court, to the difcharge of the incumbrances with which the faid eftates then flood charged \ and in the mean time was to be paid by the purchafers into the court of Exchequer, or to the treafurer of the faid hofpital for the time being, or to be placed out in fuch government or other fecurities, and in the names of fuch perfens, as the faid court Jhould dire ft \ and in cafe there Jhould happen to beany fur plus of the faid money, the fame was to be applied in the frft place, for and towards the finishing and completing the build-

Digitized by L^ooQle

1^490 Anno viceftmo fecundo Georgii II. c. 52

tng of the faid royal hofpital; and after the building of the fame royal hofpital Jhould be completed ana finijhed* for and towards the fupport of the faid royal hofpital* for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid royal hofpital worn out and become decrepit in the ferviee of their country; and after the faid incumbrances Jhould be totally difcharged* then all the produce of or money arifmg by* the foie or foies of any timber on the faid ejlates* was to be* from time to time* ana at all times* wholly appropriated and applied to the ufe of the faid hofpital: and it was by the faid all enalled* That for or towards the difcharge of the aforefaid mortgages and incumbrances (except the faid annuity of one hundred pounds a year) and not other-wifoy it Jhould and might be lawful to and for the attorney general of his Majefiy* bis heirs and fuccejfors* by his and their direliioa* to apply to his Majefiy* s faid court of Exchequer, by motion* in a fummary way* for the fale or foies to any perfon or perfons* being protefiants* of the Jce-fimple and inheritance of any of the faid premijfes fo forfeited* and vejled in his Majefiy as aforefaid* which were not charged with the faid mortgages ana incumbrances, as Jhould be thought mod convenient to be fold and difpofed of and the money arifo ing by fuch fale or fales was to be applied* by the direction of the Jaid court* for or towards the difcharge of the faid incumbrances* or fome of them* and in the mean ttme was to be paid by the purchafers into the court of Exchequer, or to the treafurer of the faid hofpital for the time being* or to be placed out in Juch government or other Jecu-rities* and in the names of fuch perfons* as the fold court Jhould di-re£l j and in cafe there Jhould happen to be any furplus of the faid pur chafe-money* the fame was to be applied for the benefit of the faid hofpital: and it was by the faid lafi-recited all alfo enalleL That it Jhould and might be lawful for his Mai fly* his heirs and: fuccejfors* during the continuance of his or their eftate in the premijfes, by fign manual* to authorize the commijf oners and governors of the faid hof-pital* or any fcven or more of them* to demife and grant all the mines of lead* coal* and other minerals* as well unopened as opened* within and under the faid lands and premijfes* for any number of years* not exceeding twenty one years* in poffeffion and not in rever-fiots* referving the befi rents or dues that could be reafonably got for the fame: and after reciting* That the inter eft of the principal-money* due on the mortgages and incumbrances in the faid all mentioned* was partly at the rate of five pounds for one hundred pounds* and partly at the rate of fix pounds for one hundred pounds* for a yeary it was enalled* That it Jhould and might be lawful for his Majefiy* his heirs and fuccejfors* by fign manual* to authorize the commtjfion-ers or governors of the faid hofpital for the time being* or any feven or more of them* to agree with the refpellive mortgagees and incumbrancers of the faid premijfes in the faid all of the eighth year of his prefent Majejlfs reign named* their executors* adminijlrators* or cjfigns* for any left rate or inter eftfor the principal-money due on their fecurities refpellively* than the fame was then at; and in cafe the faid mortgagees and incumbrancers Jhould not fo agree* then to agree with any other perfon or perfons for the advancing money at any left rate or inter eft than aforefaid* for paying off the principal-money due

E C 3	on

Digitized by

Anno viccfimo feeundo Georgii II. c. 52.	[ j749.

err the faid mortgage} and incumbrances, upon the fame being ajjignei unto fuch terfon or perfons refpeflively fo advancing Juch money; provided that fuch alignments Jhould be made for the refpeflive principal-money only of the faid mortgages and incumbrancej, and for the interejl of fuch principal-money to grow due, from and after the making of Juch alignments refpeflively; and that the faid prinipal-money, and interejl thereof in all fuch alignments, Jhould be made payable at the end offix months at the fartnefi, from the day of the mating fuch affignments refpeflively: in which faid lajl-recited afl there is contained the like faving to his Majejly, and to all other perfons% fis in the faid afl of the eighth year of bis faid prefent Majejly*§ reign is contained; as by the faid feveral recited afls of parliament may (among/l other things therein contained) more fully appear: and whereas the faid fum of feven thoufand one hundred and eighty two pounds, thirteen Jbillings, fo remaining in his Majejly's exchequer as dforefaidy was applied according to the direflions of the faid recited afl of the eighth year of his prefent Majejly's reign \ ana the fever al fums of money which had been collefled and received by the refpeflive receivers of the rents and profits of the aforefiiid premiffesy which were not paid into the receipt of the exchequer on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty five \ and the arrears of rents and profits of the fame premiffesy due and owing from the feveral farmersy tenantSy and occupiers thereof \ at or on the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty Jive; and alfo the rentSy ijfueSy and profits of the faid premijjesy which from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, One thoufand feven hundred and thirty five, to the time of making • this afly have accruedy or become due or payable, or fo much thereof +• as could be got in and received, have, from time to time, been applied « for fuc^ pttrpofis as the fame were dire fled to be applied by the faid afls of the eighth and eleventh years of his prefent Majejly's reign% as by the account of the proceedings of the commiffioners or governors of the faid royal hofpital at Greenwich, with refpefl to their contra fling and agreeing with tradefmen, artificers, or other per fens,for finijhing and completing the faid royal bofibital, in the manner mentioned in the faid afl of the eighth year of his prefent Majefy's reign, and alfo the annual accounts of the faid commiffioners or govemorSy with refpefl to the rentSy iffues, and profits of the faid premises that * have been received by them, which the faid commiffioners or governors have, from time to time, according to the direflions of the faid afl of the eighth year of his prefent Majefy's reign, laid before his Ma-jefiy and both houfes of parliament may appear; and whereas the faid lady Catharine Radcliffe, fecond daughter of the Jaid Francis earl of Derwentwater, is reputed to be dead, and all arrears of the faid annuity or yearly rent charge of one hundred pounds, payable to her as aforefiiid, are fuppofed to have been paid and fatisfied: and whereas the Jaid Robert James lord Petre (who inter-married with the faid Anna Maria, daughter to the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, by the faid Anna Maria his wife) having refufid to accept of any lefs interejl for the faid principal fum of twenty thoufand poundsy due for the portion of the faid Anna Maria lady Petre his

Digitized by

1749-1 Anno vicefimo fecundo GeorgIi II. 0.52*.

wifi, than the fame was then at; and the right honourable Sir Charles Wager knight, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Thomas Frankland, baronets, Sir Jacob Ackworth knight, Thomas Pearfe George Purvis, Jofiah Burchett, Tudor Trevor, lieutenant go-vernor Nicholas Clarke, and William Baxter, efquires; ten of the commiffioners or governors of the faid royal hofpital, authorized and imtowered by his Majejlfs Jign manual, bearing date the twenty ' feventb day of June one thoufand feven hundred and thirty eight, pur-fuant to the faid aft of parliament made in the eleventh year of his prefent Majejlfs reign, having agreed with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing money at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for paying off the faid principalfum of twenty thoufand pounds 5 and the term of five hundred years, limited by the faid fettlement of the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, to the faid Other earl of Plymouth, and William lord Widdrington, having by the attainder of the faid lord Widdringon, who Jurvived the faid earl of Plymouth, been vefied in bis Majejly, the faid Robert James lord P©-. tre, and Anna Maria lady Petre his wife, in confederation of the fsim of twenty thoufand pounds to the faid lord Petre paid by the go* vernor and company of the bank of England, did by a certain indenture tripartite, bearing date the eleventh day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty nine, by the appointment and direftion of the faid Sir Charles Wager, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir Jacob Ackworth, Thomas Pearfe, George Purvis, Jofiah Burchett, Tudor Trevor, Nicholas Clarke, and William Baxter, bargain, fell, and affign, unto the faid governor and company of the bank 0/England, their fucceffors, and affigns, the barony, manors, lands, and hereditaments, by the faid indenture of releafe of the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, limited to the faid earl Plymouth, and lord Widdrington, for the term of five hundred years as afore-faid\ and all the ejtate, right, title, and inter eft, of the faid Robert James lord Petre, and Anna Maria lady Petre his wife, of, in, and to the faid barony, manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and in and to the faid term of five hundred years, and of, in, and to the faid twenty thoufand pounds, to bold the fame to the faid go* vernor and company of the bank */* England, their fucceffors and affigns, for the refidue then to come of the faid term of jive hundred years, fubjeft to a provifo for redemption, on payment ofthe faid fum of twenty thoufand pounds, with interejl for the fame, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, on the eleventh day of November then next j and the faid commiffioners or governors of the faid bof-pital, having, fince the time limited by the faid provifo, paid out of the monies belonging to the faid hofpital, the faid fum of twenty thoufand pounds, with all interejl due for the fame, the faid governor and company of the bank of England did, by indenture bearing date the fixteentb day ^February, one thoufand feven hundred andforty eight, bargain, fell, and affign, unto the right honourable Archibald Hamilton efquire, commonly called lord Archibald Hamilton, governor of the faid'royal hofpital, Charles Smith efquire, lieutenant governor of the faid hojpital, James Gunman efquire, treafurer of the

E e 4	faid

Digitized by

Google

4H

Anno vicefitno fccundo Georg 11II. C. $2.	[ 1749.

find hofpital, Sir Edward Bellamy knight, (fince deceafed) Sir John Thompfon knight, William Fawkener efquire, and William Baxter efquire, /even of the commifftoners or governors of the faid hofpital, the barony, manors, Awrfj, W hereditaments, Jo limited to the faid earl of Plymouth and brd Widdrington, for the term of five hundred years, as aforefaid, and all the ejtate, rights title, intereft of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, of in, and to the faid barony, manors, lands, tenements, o»d hereditaments, and in and to the faid term of five hundred years, to hold the fame unto the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir Edward Bellamy, Sir John Thompfon, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, their executors, adminijlrators, and affigns, for the remainder then to come of the faid term of five hundred years, in trufi, and to the intent that the rents, ijfues, and profits of the faid premiffes Jhould and might be appropriated, applied\ and dijpofed of, to the ufe$, andfor the purpofes direhed in and by the faid at1 of parliament made in the faid eighth year of the reign of hit faid prefent Majejly, and for that purpofe that the faid term and ef-tate might attend and wait upon the freehold and inheritance thereof as the fame was then ve/ld in his Majejly, his heirs and fucceffors : and whereas the faid Cuthbert Conftable, alias Tunftall, having refufed to accept of any lefs rate or interefi for the faid principal fum pfpve thoufand and nine hundred pounds y mentioned in the faid recitedail of the eighth year of his prefent Majejly's reign to be due to hint upon mortgage, than the fame was then at (and which fum of five thousand and nine hundred pounds, and the interejl thereof, was heretofore fecured to the faid lady Mary Radcliffe, by a mortgage made to her by the faid Edward /ar/*/Derwent water of the faid manors ofS pin-dlefton and Utchefter,yir the term offive hundred years, by indenturebearing date the twenty fecondday of April, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety nine, purfuantto a power given him for that purpofe by a tertain ail of parliament therein mentioned, in full fatisfailion of the faidfum of five thoufand pounds, direifed by the faid recited indenture of releafe of the twenty fourth of March, one thoufandfix hundred and ninety one, to be raifed for her, and the inter efi thereof to that time, and to which fum of five thoufand nine hundred pounds the faid Cuthbert Conftable, alias Tunftall, became intitled by virtue of the will of the faid lady Mary Radcliffe, of which will be was then the furviving executor) and the faid Sir Charles Wager, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Thomas Frankland, and Sir Jacob A ck worth, Thomas Pearfe, George Purvis, Jofiah Burchett, Tudor Trevor, Nicholas Clarke, and William Baxter, having agreed with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing money at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for paying off the faid fum of five thoufand nine hundred pounds, the faid Cuthbert Conftable, alias Tunftall, in confideration of the faid fum of five thoufand nine hundred pounds paid to htm by the faid governor and company of the bank of England, did, by the appointment and direftion of the faid Sir Charles Wager, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir Jacob Ackworth, Thomas ppaffc, George Purvis, Jofiah Burchett. Tudor Trevor, Nicholas

Digitized by

1749*1 Anno vicelimo fecundo Georgii II. C, 52*

cholas Clarke, andWilliam Baxter, grant, bargain, fill,	af-

ftgn to the faid governor and company of the bonk qf England, and their fuccejfors and affigns, the [aid manors of Spindlefton and Ut-chefter, to hold the fame unto the faid governor and company of the bank {/’England, and theirfuccejjors and affigns, for the remainder then to come of the faid term offive hundred years, by the faid indenture of the twenty fecond day of April, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety nine, granted, fubjel7 to a provifofor the furrendering and of figning the faid premijfes to the faid Sir Charles Wager, Sir Thomas (Littleton, Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir Jacob Ackworth, Thomas Pearfe, George Purvis, Jofiah Burchett, Tudor Tre-yor, Nicholas Clarke, and William Baxter, their executors, ad-mniflrators, or affigns, or to fuch perfon orperfons as they Jbould appoint and dir eft, on payment of the Jaid fum of Jive thoufand nine hundred pounds, with interejl for the fame, at the rate offour pounds per centum per annum, at the time therein mentioned: and the commijfioners or governors of the faid bofpital,or fomeof them, having fmee paid out of the monies and revenues belonging to the faid bofpitat, the faid fum of five thoufand nine hundred pounds, with all interejl due for the fame, the faid governor and company of the bank of England, did, by another indenture bearing date the Jaid fixeeenth day of February, one thoufandfeven hundred and forty eight, bargain, feu, and affign unto the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir Edward Bellamy, Sir John Thompfon, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, their executors, adminifirators, and affigns, the faid manors of Spindlefton and Utcheftcr, to hold the fame unto the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir Edward Bellamy, Sir John Thompfon, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, their executors, adminijlratorf, and affigns, for the remainder then to come of the faid lajl-mentioned term of five hundred years, in trufl, and to the intent that the rents, ijfues, and profits of the faid manors and premijfes Jbould and might be appropriated, applied, and difpofed, to the ufes, and for the purpofis, dire ft ed in and by the faid act of parliament made in the faid eighth year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly \ and for that purpofe, that the faid term and eftate might attend and wait upon the freehold and inheritance thereof, as the fame was then veiled in his Maiejly, bis heirs, and fuccejfors: and whereas the faid Mary Chamberlain, Edward Hopkins, and Anna Maria his wife, anaK\$h$r& Luther and Charlotte his wife, did immediately after the pa/fmg the faid recited aft, made in theeleventhyearof his Majejly*s reign, agree with the com-ntijfioners or governors of the faid hojpital to accept offour pounds per centum per annum, for the interejl of the faid principal fum of three thoufand pounds, mentioned in the faid recited aft of the eighth year of bis prefent Majejly*s reign to be due to them upon mortgage (which futp ofthree thoufand pounds was, by the faid Edward earl of Derwentwater, by a certain deed poll, bearing date the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred and'ninety nine, purjuant tg a power to him given by a certain indenture of releafe, bearing date the twentieth day of May, in the third year of the reign of his Majejly King James the Second, charged upon the faid barony, mapor^

Digitized by ^.ooQle

426	Anno	vlcefimo fccundo Georgii II. C.52.	[1749."

or lordjhip of Langley, andfeveral other of tbs manors* lands, and hereditaments before-mentioned* and other the lands in the faid deed poll mentioned, for the portion of his daughter lady Tudor Raddiffe, and which fum of three thoufand pounds* was afterwards aligned ta Hugh Chamberlain doftor in phyfick* by William Petre junior ef-quire* who intermarried with the faid lady Tudor Raddiffe; and the faid lady Tudor his wife* by indenture tripartite, bearing data the firjl day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two* in the manner in the faid indenture mentioned; and which faid Hugh Chamberlain afterwards died* having firjl made his lajl will and tef-tament in writing* and two codicils thereunto* and appointed his tbrea daughters* the faid Mary Chamberlain, Anna Maria Hopkins, and Charlotte Luther, executrixes of his will) but the faid Edward Hopkins, having afterwards died* and the faid Mary Chamber-lain, Anna Maria Hopkins, Richard Luther, and Charlotte bis wife, having thoughtfit to call in the faid principal fum of three thou-fond pounds* the commiffioners or governors of the faid hojpital did* out of the monies and revenues belonging to the faid hofpital pay ihe jaid Jum of three thoufand pounds* and all interejl due for the fame; and thereupon the faid Mary Chamberlain, Anna Maria Hopkins, Richard Luther and Charlotte his wife* did by indenture* bearing date the fixteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, afftgnuntothefaidArchibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir Edward Bellamy, Sir John Thompfon, William Fawkr ener, and William Baxter, their executors* a dminifirotors* and aJfignS) the faid fum of three thoufand pounds* and all tnterefi thereafter to grow due for the fame* and all their ejlate and interejl in ana to the faid manor or lordjhip of Langley, and other the manors* lands* and hereditaments* by the faid lajl-mentioned deed poll charged with the faid Jum of three thoufand pounds and interejl (except as therein is mentioned) to bold the faid barony* manors* lands* and hereditaments (except as therein is mentioned) and the faid fum of three thoufand pounds charged thereon* unto the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith James Gunman, Sir Edward Bellamy, Sir John Thompfon, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, their heirs* executors* adminijlrators and ajfigns* upon trujl* to and for the ufe and benefit of the faid royal hofpital at Greenwich: and whereas the aforefaii Charles Raddiffe, did* after his having been fo attainted as afore-faid* inter-marry with the right.honourable Charlotte countefs ^/New-burgh, by whom he had iffue two fons* namely James Bartholomew Raddiffe, commonly called lord Kcnaird, biseldejl fonwho was born in France out of his Majefiy's allegiance* on the twenty fifth day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five* and James Clement Raddiffe his youngtjl fon* and three daughters* to wit, the lady Charlotte Raddiffe, Uidy Barbara Raddiffe, and lady Mary Raddiffe, who were all a\fo born out of his Majejiys allegiance in 7 Ann. c. c. Parts bQ'ond	feas* and all of them (except the faid lady Mary

Raddiffe) have attained their refpettivc ages of twenty one years: and whereas by a claufe in an atl made in the feventh year of the reign of her la*e majefiy Queen Anne (intituled* An ad for the naturalizing foreign proteltants) it tins enabled* That the children of all natural-born Jubjcfls* born out of the fegiance of her. Majejly* hr *	heirs

1749*3 Anno vlcefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 52.

heirs and fuccejfors* Jhould be deemed* adjudged* and taken to be natural-born fubjefts of this kingdom* to all intents* confruftions* 'and purpofes wlmtfoever: and whereas by an aft of parliament made in 4 Geo the fourth year of his prefent Majefty s reign (intituled* An aft to explain a claufe in an aft made in the feventh year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne* For naturalizing foreign prote-Jlants* which relates to the children of the natural-born fubjefts of the crown of England, or of Great Britain) it was enabled*

That all children* born out of the legiance of the crown of England, or of Great Britain, or which Jhould thereafter be born out of fuch legiance* whofe fathers were or Jhould be natural-born fubjefts of the crown of England, or of Great Britain, at the time of the birth of fuch children refpeftively* Jhould and might* by virtue of the faid recited claufe in the faid aft of the feventh year of the reign of her late Majefly* and of that aft* be adjudged and taken to be* and all fuch children were thereby declared to be natural-born fubjefts of the crown of Great Britain, to all intents, conflruftions* and purpofes whatfoever ; but it was by the faid aft provided* and further declared and enafted* That nothing in the faid recited aft of the feventh year of her faid late Majejlfs reign* or in that aft contained* did or Jhould extend* or ought to be confrued* adjudged* or taken to extend* to make any children, born or to be born out of the legiance of the crown of England, or of the crown of Great Britain, to be natural-bom fubjefts of the crown of England, or of Great Britain, whofe fathers* at the birth of fuch children refpeftively* were or Jhould be attainted of high treafon* by judgment* outlawry* or otherwife* either ' in this kingdom or in Ireland •* or whofe fathers* at the time of the birth of fuch children refpeftively* by any law or laws made in this kingdom* or in Ireland, were or Jhould be liable to the penalties of high treafon or f elony* in cafe of their returning into this kingdom* or into Ireland, without the licence of his Majesty* his heirs or fuccejfors* or of any of his Majefy s royal predecejfors; or whofe fathers* at the time of the birth offuch children refpeftively* were or Jhould be in the aftualfervice of any foreign prince or fate then in enmity with the crown ^England, or of Great Britain; but that all fuch children were* and Jhould be and remain* in the famefate, plight* and condition* to all intents* confruftions* and purpofes whatfoever* as they would have been in* if the faid aft of the feventh year of her faid late Majeffs reign* or that aft, had never been made* as by the faid two laf-mentioned afts of parliament may more fully appear: and whereas the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe, commonly called lord Kennaird, hath made a mof dutiful reprefentation to your Majefy; wherein* after having fet forth the Jeveral limitations contained in the faid fettlenient of the twenty fourth of June, one thoufand fraen hundred and twelve, and the fveral attainders of the faid James earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe his father* and his being the firf fon of the body of the faid Charles Radcliffe, and the feveral afts of parliament herein before-recited* relating to the Jaid forfeited ejlates* and that* by virtue thereof* the faid manors* lands* and hereditaments* comprized in the faid lajl-mentioned fettlement* became vefted in your Majefy* your heirs and fuccejfors* according to fuch ejlates and (nterefs as the faid attainted per Jons had therein at the

timet'

Digitized by

Google

427 .

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c.52.	[^49.

times mentioned in the faid firft recited aft, he the /aid James Bartholomew Radcliffe did, in all humility, Jhew to your Majejly, that being advifed that your Majejly's ejlate and intereft in the manors, Janas, and hereditaments, comprized in the faid fettlement, under the /aid afts, did determine on the death of the faid Charles Radcliffe, be the laid James Bartholomew Radcliffe did well hope, that the emmiuioners and governors of Greenwich Hofpital would have admitted him to be intitled, from the time of the death of the faid Charles Radcliffe, to the pojfejjion of the faid laft-mentioned manors, lands, and hereditaments, under the limitations contained in the faid fettlement of the twenty fourth of June, one thoufand /even hundred and twelve, to the fir ft and other fins of the faid Charles Radcliffe in tail male; but that be found the faid commiffioners and governors did not look on your Majejly's ejlate and intereft in the /aid premiffes to be determined, but did confider the faid right, title, claim, and inter eft, which the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe pretended to under the faid fettlement of the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fezten hundred and twelve, to be null and void, inafmuch as neither the truftecs for preferving the contingent remainders under the faid fettlement, nor any other perfon for or on the behalf of the firfi and other fins of the faid Charles Radcliffe, had made any claim before the commiffioners appointed by the faid recited afls of the firfi and fourth years of his late Majejly, for the determining claims as aforefaid: and the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe did alfo jhew to your Majejly, that be found it might be objected to him, that, as he was bom within the dominions of the French King, in the year one thoufand /even hundred and twenty five, and out of your Majejly s legiance, he was to be confidered as an alien, and was to be exetuiei from all right and title to the faid eftates, although he was born of natural-born fubjefls, as before is mentioned \ and thereupon the fad James Bartholomew Radcliffe did mofi humbly reprefint it to your Majejly, that if hejbould be found to be an alien under the faid aft pf the fourth year ofyour Majejly's reign, it could not be of any avail to him tp litigate the queJHon touching the necejfity there was, under the pfl of his late Majejly, to enter a claim in behalf of an unborn perfon; and as the Jaid James Bartholomew Radcliffe was abfo-lutely unable to bear the ixpence of fuch a litigation, he did therefore Jubmit to your Majejly s confederation fiveral reafins and arguments in fupport of his right and title to the faid eftates, and whether he was to be confidered as an alien, or not; and although he was to be confider ed as an alien, in which cafe he would be incapable to hold any tjlite againft the crown, yet neverthelefs be did contend, that be was capable for the benefit of the crown, to take Juch ejlate and intereft as	j

was limited to him by the faid fettlement; in regard whereof, and of the many ftngular hardfinps attending his cafe, he did humbly be-feech your Majejly to extend your grace and favour to him, and to grant him fuch relief for bis Jupport, as the circumftances of bis cafe Jbould require: and whereas your Majejly, out of your princely tle-mency, and from thofe motives of goodnefs ana compajfion, which are inherent in your royal nature, hath been pleafid to fignify to yot+r f>arliantent} That your Majtfiy W(U gracioufiy inclined, that

fim

Digitized by C^ooQle

1749*3 Anno vicelimo fecundo Georgii IL c. 52*

form relief Jbould be granted to the faid James Bartholomew Rad* cliffe, Jo as the fame Jbould be confident with theJuft rights of Greenwich Hofpital: and whereas the laid commiffioners and governors of the faid hofpital are advifed, that great doubts may arife, whether upon the conftrufiion of the true intent of the faid aft of the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, and of the faid other aft of the fourth year of his reign, the ufe and eftate in remainder limited by the faid fettlement of the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, to the fir ft and other fons of thefaid Charles Radcliffe, was loft and defrayed, by reafon that the fame was not claimed before the com-miffioners and truftees appointed by the faid afi, for and on the be-half of fuch firft and other fons,■ within the time preftribed by the faid afis; and it may alfo be doubted, whether the claim made in behalf of the faid John Radcliffe of the precedent ufe and eftate limited to him, and the allowance thereof by the court of delegates, in fuch manner as before is mentioned, did not reveft all the manors and hereditaments comprized in the faid fettlement of one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, to the feveral ufes limited in and by the find fettlement , with fuch remainders as therein are expreff'ed: and the faid commiffioners and governors are alfo advifed9 That in cafe the faid afi Jhould not extend to make the faid ufe and eftate in remainder, limited by the faid fettlement to the firft and other fons of the faid Charles Radcliffe (they not being born or in being at the time of the faid afis, and therefore not being per fons a finally having any eftate ana intereft at that time) abfolutely null and void, then the eftate and inte-reft of your Majefty, and confequently the right and title of the faid hofpital, which depends on the continuance thereof, may be conftdered as having determined on the death of the faid Charles Radcliffe ; and if the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe Jhould be conftdered as an alien, then a new right might accrue to your Majefty, in virtue of your prerogative royal, fo foon as an inquifition Jbould be taken, finding the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe to be an alien accord-ingly : in regard of all which, and many other doubts and difficulties, the faid commiffioners and governors are advifed. That it will be for the intereft and advantage of the faid hofpital to confent that the faid manors, lands, and hereditaments Jhall ftand charged with the raifing fuch fum of money as herein after is mentioned 5 fo as that the right and title of the faid hofpital to the faid manors, lands, and hereditaments, may be fully eftabVfhcd, ana that the fee and inheritance thereof may be abfolutely vefled in truftees for the ufe and benefit of the fail hofpital for ever, free and diftharged from all the right, title, claim, and demand of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe, and of his Majesty in his right, and of all Others claiming by or under any of the limitations contained in the faid fettlement, fo dated the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, as a-Jorefaid 5 and fo that the faid commiffioners and governors of the faid hofpital may have and exercife full power to cut down and make fale of the timber on the premiffes for the benefit of the faid hofpital, as they Jhall think fit, and to make fuch leaps of the fame, and of the mines open or unopen, as they Jhall think proper; and whereas the

faid

Digitized by L,ooQle

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georoii II. c. 52.	[1749,

faid Charlotte countefs of Newburgh,for and oh the behalf of the faid James Clement Radcliffe, her fecond fen, and the Jaid lady Charlotte Radcliffe, lady Barbara Radcliffe, and lady Mary Radcliffe, hath mojl humbly implored your Majejly to extend your royal grace and fervour to them, humbly reprefenting,, That if no reliefJhouli be granted to them, they will be deftitute of all manner ofprovifiort after the death of the faid countefs ^Newburgh \ and the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe is eonfeiiting/That all the right, title, and inti-rejl, which he or his ijfue male hath or can have, to the manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprized in the fettlement of the faid twenty fourth day 0/June, one thoufandfeven hundred and twelve,/hall be extinguished by authority of parliament, and that the abfolute fee-fimp\e,and inheritance of the faid premijfes,/hall be fo veiled in thefaid royal hofpital at Greenwich, and their fuccejfors, Jor ever: and whereas your Majejly has been gracioujly pleajed to Jignify to your parliament, That your Majejly was willing and dejtrous, and gave your confent, that the parliament might mate whatever difpofition and fettlement th y fhould think fit of the interejl your Majejly hath or may have in the faid ejlates, fo as the fame be for the ufc and benefit of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, with the allowance which /ball be thought proper to be made thereout for the relief of the children of the faid Charles Radcliffe : wherefore your Majefty’s faithful com-mons in parliament aflembled, do humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena<5ted ; and be it enadted by the King’s inoit excellent Majefty, by and wifh the advice and confent of the The Barony ^0I*ds fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-and manors liament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all hereindeferib- the faid barony, manor, or lordftlip of Langley, with the rights, w members, and appurtenances thereof, in the county of Nor-jefty°from the Cumberland*, and alfo all thofe the faid manors of Whit tingjlall death of Char- alias Quitting all, and Newlands, Diljlon, alias Develfion, Ayion lea Radcliffe, Shields, Warke, Elrington, and Meldon, and every of them, with their and every of their rights, members, and appurtenances in the faid county of Northumberland; and all thofe the faid manors or reputed manors of Spindlejlon, Utchejler, Tbrockley, Coojl-ley, Middleton Hall, Eafl Thornton, alias *Thornton Eaft, Weft-wood, and Thornborough, and every of them, with their and every of tjieir rights, members, and appurtenances in the faid county of Northumberland; and alfo all that the advowfon of the faid church of Symondburne, with the appurtenances in the faid county of Northumberland; and alfo all thofe the faid manors or reputed manors of Cajllerigg and Derwentwater alias Kefwtck and Thornthwaite, with their and every of their rights, mem-' bers, and appurtenances in the county of Cumberland; and alfo all that the faid manor of Scremerfion, with the rights, members, and appurtenances in the county palatine of Durham; and alfo all and Angular the mefluages, granges, farms, lands, meadows, pafturcs, feedings, woods, underwoods, tenements, and hereditaments whatfoever, late the eftate of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater, or whereof he was feifed of any eftate of in. hcritance in pofleflion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, fitu-

atc,

2

Digitized by LjOoq le

1749*] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c.51.	431

ate, lying, and being in the faid counties of Northumberland and Cumberland, county palatine of Durham, and every of them, with their appurtenances, which, by the faid recited indentures of leafe and releafe of the twenty third and twenty fourth days of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, were fettled, limited, and allured to the ufes in the faid indenture of releafe of the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, mentioned; and the reverfion and reverfions, remainder and remainders, rents, iflues, and profits of all and lingular the fame premifles, (hall, from and immediately after the death of the faid Charles Radcliffe, be and be darned to be, and fo have been diverted out of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and fettled upon, and verted in, and the fame are hereby from thenceforth fettled upon and verted in the molt noble Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, and the right honourable Henry Fox efquire, their heirs and afligns, freed, acquitted, and abfo-lutely difeharged of, from, and againft all and every the ufes, and ve^C(j ;n eftates, and limitations, in and by the faid indenture of releafe or the duke of fettlement, bearing date the faid twenty fourth day of June, Richmond one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, limited and created of and the right and concerning the fame, to and for the firftand other fons Qf honourable -the faid Charles Radcliffe, and the iflue male; of fuch firft and qjire^forthe other fons, and freed and abfolutely difeharged of and from all term of 500 fuch right, title, eftate, intereft, claim, and demand, as was yeara* verted in his Majesty, hi$ heirs and fucceflors, by virtue of the feveral attainders herein before-mentioned, or of the faid feveral a&s of parliament herein before-recited, or any of them, and alfo freed and abfolutely difeharged of and from all fuch right, title, eftate, intereft, claim, and demand, as is verted, or that might or could accrue or belong to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-cellors, by reafon or means of the faid James Bartholomew Rad-cliffe, and James Clement Radcliffe, or either of them, having been born out of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain, or otherwife howfoever, fave as herein after is faved; to the ufe of them the faid Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, for and during, and unto the full end and term of five hundred years, to be computed from the day of the death of the faid Charles Radcliffe, and from thence next enfuing, and fully to be compleat and ended, without impeachment of wafte; and from and after an(j t|,c the end, expiration, or other determination of the faid term, expiration of then to and for the only proper ufe and behoof of the right the faid term, honourable Archibald Hamilton efquire, commonly called lord ArchibaldHamilton, Charles Smith efquire, James Gunman efquire, Greenwich Sir John Tbompfon knight, Sir James Creed knight, Peter Burrell HofpitaL efquire, William Fawkener efquire, William Baxter efquire, Edward Vernon efquire, Thomas Ripley efquire, dotftor David Cock-burn, James Spilman efquire, William Allix efquire, Fitzwilliam Plumptre efquire, William Young efquire, and captain Francis Danfays, being fixteen of the commiflioners, or governors and directors of the faid royal hofpital for feamen at Greenwich, their

heirs

Digitized by

Google

Anno viccfimo fecundaGEoRGii II. 0. 5*.	[*749.

heirs and affigns for ever; in trull ncverthclefa far themfelvcs and the reft of the comraiflioners, or governors and diredors for the time being of the laid royal holpital, for the ufes and purpofes following; (that is to lay) In the firft place, for and towards the fini thing and completing the building of the (aid .royal hofpital; and after the building of the lame mall be completed and finidied, for and towards the fupport of the faid royal hofpital, for the better maintenance of the fcanien of the laid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the fervicc of their country.

Certain lands II. And it is further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That divefted out of all that the faid manor and lordfiiip of Aljlont alias Aldftone Moor his Majesty, and Garrigill, and all and every the rights, members, and appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the faid county of Cumber* land; and all thofc the faid two parts (the whole into three parts to be divided) of the faid manor and lordfiiip of Newton• Hally in the faid county of Northumberland; and all that the faid moiety or one half Dart of the faid village or townfhip of Butelandy in the faid parifii of Cbollerton and county of Northumberland ; and all thole the faid redtories and parfonages of Kirle Wbelpingtony Harbume alias Hartburnty and Midfordy in the faid county of Northumberland; and all and Angular the mefluages,

Sfthes, farms, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatfoever, tuate, lying, and being in the faid county of Northumberland\ which by the faid recited indentures of leafe and releafe of the twenty third and twenty fourth days of Marchy one thousand fix hundred and ninety one, were fettled, limited, and allured to the ufes in the faid indenture of releafe of the twenty fourth dfy of Marchy one thoufand fix hundred and ninety one, mentioned, and which, by virtue of the feveral attainders herein before-mentioned, and of the faid recited afts of parliament, or fome of them, do now remain veiled in his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, fubje& to fuch appropriation for the rents and profits thereof for the ufe and benefit of the faid royal hofpital at Greemwichy as aforefaid ; and the reverfion and reverfions, remainder and remainders, rents, iflfues, and profits of all and Angular the faid laft-mentioned premifles, (hall from henceforth be divefted out of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, and the fame fiiall be, and ftiall be deemed to be, and they are accordingly, from henceforth, fettled upon, and veiled in the faid and veiled in Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smithy James Gunman, Sir John Tbompfony Sir James Greedy Peter Burrell, IVtlliam Fawfener, for Greenwich William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripleyy David Cod-Hofpital in hum, James Spilman, William Allix, Fltxwilliam Plumptre, WiU U|dt	nam Young, and Francis Danfays, their heirs and alliens, to the

ufc of them, their heirs ana alfigns for ever, in trull neverthe-Jefs for themfeJves and the reft of the commilfioners, or governors and directors for the time being of the faid royal hofpital, for and towards finilhing and completing the building of the faid royal hofpital; and after the building of the fame (hall be completed and finilhed, for and towards the fupport of the fcidroy-

a

Digitized by

Google

4 $3

1749*1 Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. C. 52.

al hofpital for the better maintenance of the Teamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country, freed and abfolutely difcharged of and from all fuch right, title, eftate, intereft, claim, and demand, as was veiled in hisMajefty, his heirs and fucceflors, by virtue of the feveral attainders.herein before-mentioned, or of the faid feveral adts of parliament herein before recited, or any of them, or otherwife howfoever, and freed and abfolutely difcharged of and from all fuch right, title, eftate, intereft, claim, or demand, as any other perfon or perfons whatfoever hath or have, or may or can have, in or to the faid laft-inentioned manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or in or to any part or parcel thereof, upon any account howfoever, fave as herein after is mentioned.

III.	And it is hereby enafted. That the faid, Archibald Ha- The

milt on, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompfon, Sir to hold the James Creed, Peter Burreil, William Fawkener, William Baxter, faid manors, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spilman &c- m truft> William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis Danfays, their heirs and afilgns, (hall, in truft as aforefaid, but fubjedt to the faid term of five hundred years (as to the pre-mifles comprized in the faid fettlement of the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, and as the fame is herein before created and limited) hold and enjoy all and lingular the manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprized in the faid fettlements of the twenty founh day of March, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety one, and the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, and which are herein before veiled or mentioned to be veiled in them the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompfon, Sir James Creed, Peter Burrell,

William Fawhener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cukburn, James Spilman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis Danfays; and the fame (hall be and be deemed to be held of the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, as of his Majesty’s manor of Eajl Green-wich in the county of Kent, by free and common foccage tenure •, but neverthelefs the faid manors, lands, tenements, and here- fubjeft to ditaments (hall be and (hall be deemed to be fubjedl to fuch rcnt,# quit-rents, crown-rents, and dutchy-rents i(Tuing thereout ref-pcdlively, as the fame were refpeitively liable to on the twenty third oi June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen.

IV.	And it is alfo hereby enabled and declared. That the pre- to be account-fent or future commiffioners, or governors and dire&ors of the ableto t^re faid royal hofpital at Greenwich, or any of them, (hall not be hofpital. anfwerable or accountable to any perfon or perfons, other than

to the faid royal hofpital, for or in refpeil of all or any part of the rents, iflfues, and profits of the manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprized in the faid recited indentures of Icafe and releafe of the twenty third and twenty fourth days of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, which accrued

Vol. XIX.

Ff

or

434 Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii H. C. 52.	\	1749,

or became due from the death of the (aid Charles Raddiffe, and which have already been, or (hall hereafter be received by them, or any of them, except by laying fuch accounts before his Majesty, and both houfes of pariiament, as by the faid recited aft of the eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign is dire&ed; but that all fuch rents, iflues, and profits, and all fines and films of money which accrued, or became due or payable from the death of the faid Charles Raddiffe, (hall be appropriated and applied to the ufes, and for the purpofes, in the laid a<ft of the eighth year of his prefent Majesty’s reign mentioned, and herein before recited; nevertheless they the faid commiflioners, or gover-and to lay nors and directors for the time being, (ball, from time to time, bcf6i^heUnt8 ,ay thc accounts of their receipts, payments, and disburfements King and par- before his Majeftv, and both houfes of parliament, as by the liament* faid recited aft of the eighth of his prefent Majefty is direfted, as well with refpedt to the manors, lands, and hereditaments, comprized in the faid fettlement of the twenty fourth day of June, one thou fend feven hundred and twelve, as with relpeft to the manors, lands, and hereditaments,, comprized in the faid fettlement of the twenty fourth day of March, one thoufiad -fix htindred and ninety one.

V.	And whereas by reafon of the limitation herein before mode to the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Thompfon, Sir James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Verrion, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spilman, William Allix, Fitzwiliiam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis Danfays, of the faid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in manner as afore-faid, a doubt may be made, whether the tenants of the faid eftates

ought front henceforth to do fuch afls and fervices, and pay fuel fines and Jums, as by the nature and tenure of their eflates, founded upon immemorial ufoge and cujlom, or otherwife, they would be to have done and performed, and paid on the de*tb off any lord thereof in toft the limitation of the faid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments; was made to a particular perfon only, and bis heirs % now, in order to make the like provifions as were made by the faid aft of the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for obliging the tenants of the faid eftates to do fuch afts and fervices, and to pay fuch fines and fums of money as aforefaid, it is further cnafted Fines and fcr- ty authority aforefaid, That upon the death of his prefent Majefty (whom God long preferve for the benefit of his people) and alio upon the death of every fucceflive King and Queen of this realm, all fuch afts and fervices (hall be done and performed, and all-fiich fines and fums of money (hall be paid by the refpeftive tenants of the faid eftates, to tne faid commiflioners, or governors and direftors for the time being, of the faid royal hoipital at Greenwich, as by the ancient tenure thereof, or by any contract, law, ufage, or cuftotn ought to be done, performed, and paid by them, in cafe the faid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments had continued to be, or were aftu-ally veiled in his Majesty, his heirs and fucccflors, and that he 2	an	d

vices to be performed aud paid by the tenants, upon the death of the King.

Digitized by LjOOQle

1749*1 Anno vicelimo fccundo Georgii II. c* 52.	455

tnd they were to be coufidered as private perfons only, vand not In their politick capacity; and for default of performance of fuch adts and fervioes which ought fo to be done and performed. The commit and for default of payment of any fuch fines and fums of money which ought fo to be paid, fuch forfeitures and penalties (hall ac- fafo c^ue and become due, and it (hall be lawful for the faid commit- turn, fioners, or governors and directors for the time being of the faid royal hofpital, in the name of any one of them, toufe and take all fuch ways and means for recovering and taking advantage of the faid forfeitures and penalties, as might be lawfully ufed or taken by his M^jefty* his heirs and fuccefiors, in cafe the faid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments had continued to be, or were actually verted in his Majerty, his heirs and fuccef-- fors, and that he and they were to be confidered as private per* ions only, and not in their politick capacity ; any law, ufagp, or curtom to the contrary notwithrtanding.

VI.	And it is hereby further enadted, That the faid Archibald Truftee* to Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman% Sir John Thompfony fta,?d po(kik& William Fawkener, and William Baxter, and the furvivors and tothem furvivor of them, and the executors and adminirtrators of fuch by two inden* furvivor, (hall rtand poflefied of, and intererted in the barony tures bearing manors, lands, and hereditaments by the faid two feveral inden- datc 16 Fc*>-tures, both bearing date the Gxteentn day of February, one thou- term/ fand (even hundred and forty eight refpe&ively, bargained, fold, 0f 500 years* and artigned unto the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smithy James Gunman^ Sir Edward Bellamy, Sir John Thompfon, William Fawkenery and William Baxter, their executors, adminirtrators, and afligns, for and during all the rert, reiidue, and remainder, now to come, and unexpired, of the feveral terms of five hundred years and five hundred years in the lame indentures mentioned ; and that they the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smithy James Gunmany Sir John Toompfony William Fawkenery and William Baxter and the furvivors and furvivor of them, and the refpedlive heirs, executors, and adminirtrators of fuch furvivor, (hall (land feizod and in the funs and poflefied of, and intererted in theaforefaidfum of three thou- of fand pounds, and the barony, manors, lands, and hereditaments, h^iMeal at * charged with the payment thereof, in truft for the dommiflion- Greenwich, ers, or governors and directors for the time being, of the faid Ac. royal hofpital at Greenwich * and to the intent that the faid laft-mentioned terms of five hundred years, and five hundred years, may#attend and wait upon the freehold and inheritance of the premifles therein refpedlively comprized, and herein before limited to the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smithy James Gun-many Sir John Thompfon* Sir James Greedy Peter Burrelly William Fawkenery William Baxter, Edward Vernotiy Thomas Ripley, Da~ vidCockburny James Spilman* William Allix* Fitzwilliam Plump* trty William Youngy and Francis DanfaySy and to protect the fubjedl to the fame from allmcfne incumbrances, if any (hould happen to be;tcrm but fubjedl neverthelefs, and without prejudice to the faid term of dukeof five hundred years, herein before limited to the faid Charles Richmond!

F f 2	duke

Digitized by Google

436	Anno	viccfimo	fccundo	Georg	11II. c. 52.' [1749,

and Henry duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, their executors, Fox efquire. adminifirators, and afiigns, as aforefaid.

The commit*- VII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforetaid, fioners for	That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners,

Greenwich	or governors and diredors for the time being, of the faid royal

Hofpital im- holpital at Greenwich, or any feven or more of them, from time appohuoffi- to t*mc, anc*at a^ ll*ne* hereafter, to appoint Rewards, recriv-cers to receive ers» or bailiflfc, of the faid manors, lands, tenements, andhe-the rents. See. reditaments, and to inveit them with full power to receive and get in the rents, iffues, and profits thereof, and to give receipts, difdurges, and acquittances for the fame, and to hold courts, and to do and perform all ads, matters and things neceffary for the managing the faid premifles, ufually done and performed by ftewards, receivers, and bailiffs, and alfo to aflign and allow fuch falaries and rewards to the faid Rewards, receivers, and bailiffs, as the faid commiffioners, or governors and di« and to allow redors of the faid royal hofpital for the time being, or any falaries, feven ot more of them, fhall think requifite and neceflary in that behalf; and alfo that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commilfioners, or governors and diredors of the and to make faid hofpital for the time being, or any feven or more of them, tale of timber, from time to time, and at all rimes hereafter, to contrafi for the fale of, and accordingly to make foie and difpofeor all or any fuch part or parts of the timber, or timber trees on the faid efiates, as they the laid commiffioners, or governors and .	diredors, or any feven or more of them, fhall think fit, and

phcatioVto" to authorize and appoint any perfon or perfons to makeany theExche- contrad orcontrads for the fale of all or any part or parts of quer.	fuch timber and timber trees, and to receive the purchafe-mo-

ney for the fame, without being obliged to make any application for all or any of thole purpofes to his Majcfiy’s court of exchequer, or to any perfon or perfons whatfoever.

The money VIII. And it is hereby cnaded, Thac the money to arife arifing by tale by the fale of the faid timber, (hall be applied to the ufe of the of timber, to faid hofpital, but fo neverrhelefs, as that no perfon or perfons be applied to who (hall purchafe any part of fuch timber, (hall be anfwerable the hofpital. for the application of fuch purchafe-money; and that it fhall *. and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or governors and diredors of the faid hofpital, or any feven or more of Commifllon- tllenrh t0 dired the cutting down, from time to time, fuchtim-ers impower- her and timber trees from off the (aid efiates, as they (hall qj any ed to cut down time adjudge neceffary or fitting to be ufed in the repairing any timber nectf- houfes, tenements, * buildings, or eredions on the faid efiates, or plnrs °r 1C	to ke ukd in the building any new houfes, tenements, edifices,

p *	buildings, or ftrudures, as they (hall judge fitting to bcerefied

on the faid efiates, or (hall think it neceffary or reafonableto build or erect for any tenants of the faid efiates, or for the benefit or improvement of the premifles, or any part thereof.

IX. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and maybelair-and to demife fu] tC) and for the commiffioners, or governors and diredors for years? ^ the time being of the faid royal hofpital at Greenwich,* ot any feven or more of them, from \irnc to time, and at all times hereafter

*749-3 Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 52.	437

after, to demife and grant all and every, or any of the mines of lead, coal, and other minerals, as well opened as not opened’ within and under any of theaforefaid lands and premifles,to any perfon or perfons, for any term or number of years, not exceed- , ing twenty one years, and to grant leafes of all or any of the a-forefaid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, unto years, any perfon or perfons, for any term or number of years, not exceeding twenty one years, to take eflfetft in pofleffion and not in reverfion, referving on every leafe, demife, or grant of mines, fiich dues, rent or rents, and profits, as they (ball judge moft reafonable, and referving, on every other leale and demife, the beft yearly or other rents or dues which can be reafonably got- without fine 5 fen for the fame, without taking any fine, premium, or foregifr; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners, orgover- and to grant nors and directors of the faid hofpital, or any feven or more 0f P°.wer work them, to grant in every fuch leafe, demife, or grant of mines ,mnes> c# and minerals, to the refpedlive adventurers, leflee or leflees of fiich mines and minerals, full power and liberty to win arid work the fame mines and minerals, and to do every other rea-ionable a61 and thing requifite and neceflary for that purpofe.

X.	But it is hereby enadled, That in every fuch demife and Condition for leafe, there (hall be contained a'condition of re-entry for non - rc entry on payment of the rent and rents thereby refpeelivdy to be referved; ”f

and it (hall be requifite for the refpettive leflees to execute counterparts of all fuch demifes and leafes, and no claufe (hall be contained in any of the faid demifes or leafes, other than in demifes or leafes of the faid mines or minerals, whereby to give power to any leflee to commit wade, or to exempt him, her, Qr them from punifliment for committing the fame.

XI. And whereas the fines, cujhms, and fervices, by and under which feveral of the tenants hold their farms, lands, tenements, and efiates, lying and being within federal of the afore faid manors, are agreed, afeertained, or expreffed in fome articles, indenture, deed, or writing, now or Ute in the cuflody or power of fome of the faid tenants, which, if produced, might be a means to prevent difputes, differences, and Juits, concerning the faid fines, cufloms, and firvices, and for the quiet and benefit both of the lord and'tenants : and it may happen, that fuch tenants may refufe to produce or Jhew fuch articles, indenture, deed, or writing ; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any comr™f-feven or more of the com mi fli oners, or governors and riire&ors appi^tothe of the faid hofpital for the time being, to apply to his Majesty's Exchequer for court of exchequer at IVeftminfitr, by motion in a fummary way, temntstopro-againft any tenant or tenants holding any farms, lands, tene- ducc writings, ments, or eftates, lying and being within the faid manors, or

any of them, of whofe having in his, her, or their cuflody or power any fuch articles, indenture, deed, or writing, probable #ddence (ball be (hewed to the fatisfa&ion of the faid court. Exchequer to for fuch tenant or tenants to produce and Ihew forth the fame; makeo/der upon which motion, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the thereon.

(aid court of exchequer, to examine and enquire into the faid matter, and to make fuch order or orders with refpetf to the produ-

F f 3	cing

Digitized by

Google

43*

Power given of electing truftees in the room of thole whpfhali die.

The lands to veft in the joint truftees.

Anno vieefimo fecundo Georgii n. c.52.	f 1749*

cing and (hewing forth any fuch articles, indenture, deed, or writing, by any fuch tenant or tenants appearing to the faid court to have the fame in his, her, or their cuftody or power, and with refpedt to any copy or copies to be had and made thereof, and fuch other order and orders concerning the fame, as the faid court (hall think proper and juft.

XII.	And it is hereby further enadted. That fo foon as it (hall happen that fo many of them the (aid Archibald Hamilton* Charles Smith, James Gunman, Sir John Ihompfen* Sir Jama Creed* Peter Burrell, WiHiant Fawkener, William Baxter* Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockbwrn* Jama Spilman* William Allixy Fitzwilliam Plumptrt* William Young* and Fran-fts Danfays, the truftees nominated and appointed in and by this a&, for and on the behalf of the faid commiffioners, or governors and directors of the faid royal hofpital at Greenwich, foil) happen to die, fo as that the number of fuch truftees (hall be reduced to eleven, or any lcffer number, that then and in that cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners, pr governors, and directors of the faid hofpital for the time being or any feven or more of them, and they are hereby author rized and1 impowered at any time thereafter, by any deed or in-ftrument in writing under their refpedive hands and fca’s, and to be enrolled in his Majesty’s high court of Chancery, to nominate fuch other perfons as they the faid commiffioners, or governors and directors of the faid hofpital, or any feven or more of them, (hall think fit, in the place of fuch of the faid truftees as (hall fo happen to die; and that it alfo (hall and may be law* fol to and for the faid commiffioners, or governors and diredori of the faid hofpital for the time being, or any feven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time, and at all times afterwards, when aad fo often as any other of the faid truftees, or when and fo often as any ot fuch other perfons as (hail be fo nominated as aforefaid, or any other perfons to be afterwards nominated in purfuance of (his ad (which they are hereby authorized and impowered to nominate accordingly) (hall happen to die, by any fqch deed or inftrument jn writing as aforefaid, to nominate fuch other perfons as they the faid commiffioners, or governors and directors, or apy feven or more of them, (hall think fit, in the place of all and every the perfon and perfons fo dying.

XIII.	And it is hereby enacted and declared, That from and immediately after every fuch nomination, all and lingular the manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments and powers herein before limited and given to the faid Archibald Hamilton* Charles Smith, James Gunman* Sir John Thompjon, Sir James Creed* Peter Burrell* William Faivkener* William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockhurn, James Spilman, William Mix* Fitzwilliam Plumptre, IVilliam Young* and Francis Danfays, an^ their heirs as aforefaid, (hall be well vefted in the perfons who from time to time, (hall be fo nominated as aforefaid, jointly Wjth tl>e forvivprs of the faid truftees, or fuch other perfons as

Digitized by L^ooQle

1749.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 52,	439

aforefaid, and in tbeir heirs, in truft for the laid commiffioners, or governors and diredors of the faid hofpital, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the perfons to be fo nominated as aforefaid, had been actually named in this aCt, and the laid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments and powers had been hereby limited and given to them and the fur-vivors of the faid trultces, or fuch other perfons, as aforelaid, and their heirs.

XIV.	And it is hereby declared, That the faid term of five The term of hundred years is fo limited to the faid Charles duke of Richmond s0? li and Lenox % and Henry Fox, their executors, adminiftrators, and "“J** affigns, upon truft, that they the faid Charles duke of Richmond moi^Und * and Lenox, and Henry Fox, and the furvivor of them, and the Henry Fox executors, adminiftrators, and afligns of fuch furvivor, do and efquire, in (hall by detnife or mortgage of the manors, mefiuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprized in the faid.term, or of a competent part thereof, for all or any part of the faid term, levy and raife the full fom of thirty thoufand pounds of lawful to raife money of Great Britain, and do and fhall by and out of the 30.0001 with rents, ifliies, and profits of the faid manors, lands, tenements, hitereft at 4I. and hereditaments, levy and raife intereft for the fame from the per ctn * twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, until the faid principal fum (hall be levied and raifed; and do and (hall pay the fum of fix thoufand pounds, part of the faid 6,000!. there-principal fum of thirty thoufand pounds, and intereft for the f** fame at the rate aforefaid, from the twenty fifth day of March, chaHotte** one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, unto the faid ladv Rndclitfe, Bir-Charlotte Radcliffe^ lady Barbara Radcliffe, and lady Mary Rad- ban Radcliffe, eliffe*. equally to be divided among them (hare and (hare alike, the parts and (hares of the faid lady Charlotte Radcliffcy and lady c *' * Barbara Radcliffe, to be paid as foon as may be after the faid thirty thoufand pounds (hall have been fo levied and raifed, and in the mean time to be confidered as vefted interefts refpeCtively, and to go to their federal executors, adminiftrators, and afligns refpeCtively; and the part or (hare of the faid Jady Mary Rad- Difpofition of diffey to be paid at her age of eighteen years, or day of marriage, lady Mary which (hall firft happen: but if the faid lady Mary Radcliffe (hall Radciitfe's happen to die before (he (hall attain her age of eighteen years, P°er or be married, then the part and (hare of her the faid lady * Mary lgCyc,ar< ^rc Radcliffe, of and in the faid fum of fix thoufand pounds, and age, 0r mar-the intereft thereof, (hall be paid unto the faid lady Charlotte nagc. Radcliffe, and lady Barbara Radcliffe, equally to be divided between them (hare and (hare alike, and their refpe&ive (hares thereinto be confidered as vefted interefts, in like manner; and Trnfleesto?n-as to the principal fum of twenty four thoufand poun Is reiidue yeit i*,ooo l. of the faid principal fum of thirty thoufand pounds, upon truft, )\^St 1C that they the faid Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox y and Hen- Hocks’, &c* ry Foxy and the furvivor of them, and the executors, adminiftrators, and afligns of fuch furvivor do and (hall, from time to time, lay out and inveft the faid principal fum of twenty four

F f 4	thoufand

44o

Anno vicefitrio fecundo GeoROIiII. c. 52.	^1749-

thoufand pounds, either in the publick funds, or in the purohaft of parliamentary (locks, or do and (hall place out the fame at intereft upon government fecurities; and upon further trufl, that they the faid Claries duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, and to pay in. and the furvivor of them, and the executors and adminiftrators terdt for the Qf	furvivor do and (hall pay the intereft of the faid principal

the whole	^um	twcnty four thoufand pounds from the faid twenty fifth

principal of day of Marcb% one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, until 30,0001. the fame (hall belevied and rcifed by them, and the intereft of the faid whole principal fum of thiriy thoufand poundr, from the (aid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, to the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand Intend of feven hundred and forty nine; and alfo from time to time pay 14.,0001 to be the intereft, dividends, annual profits, and proceed, which (hall paid to Jame? at any time or times arife by or in refpedt of the faid principal ®a^h?^?mcw fum of twenty four thoufand pounds, after the fame (hall be hi^ iffue^ale • ^eviec* anc* by them, and of the docks, funds, and fecu-9 rities, in which the fame (hall or may be inverted unto the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe and his affigns, during his natural life, for his and their own foie ufe and benefit, and from and after the deceafe of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe, then do and (hall pay the interefts, dividends, annual profits, and proceed, which (hall at any time or times thereafter arife by or in refpelt of the faid principal fum, (locks, funds, and fecurities, unto the firft fon of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, to and for his ownufc and benefit, until he (hall attain the age of twenty one years, or (hall die under that age without iflue of his body; ana in cafe fuch firft fon of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe (hall attain his age of twenty one years, then that the faid truftees (hall pay, affign, transfer, and make over the faid principal fum, and the (locks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (hall or may be inverted, to fuch firft fon of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe, his executors, and adminiftrators, for his and their own foie ufe and benefit; but in cafe fuch firft fon (hall happen to die under theage of twenty one years without iflue of his body, that then they the faid truftees do and (hall pay the intereft, dividends, annual profits, and proceed of the faid principal fum, ftoclcs, funds, and fecurities unto the fecond fon of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotton, to and for his own ufe and benefit, until he (nail attain the age of twenty one years, or (half die under that age without iflue of his body; and in cafe fuch fecond fon of the faid James Bartholomeiv Radiiffe (hall attain his age of twenty one years, then that the faid truftees (hall pay, aflign, transfer, and make over the faid principal fum, and the {locks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (hall or maybe inverted, to fuch fecond fon of the faid James Bartholomew Rad-fIffc, his executors and adminiftrators,' for his and their own foie ufe and benefit; but in cafe fuch fecond fon (hall happen to die under the age of twenty one years without iflue of his body, that then they the faid Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, and

Henry

Digitized by Google

1749-1 Anno viceftmo fecundo GeoROII II. c. 52.	441

He»ry Fox, their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, (hall ftand and be poflefled of and intcrefted in the faid principal fun* of twenty four thoufand pounds, and the flocks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (hall or maybe inverted, in truftfor the third, fourth, fifth, and all and every other the fon and fons of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, in like manner, and for fuch interefls, as are serein before re-fpedfively limited to the faid firft and fecond fons of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe9 every fuch fon and fons to be ini-titled to, and to take the faid principal fum, and the flocks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (hall or may be inveft-ed, and the interefl, dividends, annual profits, and proceed thereof, feverally and fucceflively one after the other, according to his and their priority of birth, the elder of fuch fon and fons being always preferred, and to be intitled to and to take the fame before the younger of fuch fon and fons ; and in cafe there (hall not be any fon of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe, lawfully begotten, or all fuch fons (hall die before any of them (hall attain his age of twenty one years, and without leaving iflue of their bodies, then that they tne faid truftees do and (hall pay the interefl, dividends, annual profits, and proceed of the faid principal fum, flocks, funds, and fecurities, unto the firrt daughter of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe, lawfully to be and Jn cafe of begotten, to and for her own ufe and benefit, until (lie (hall at- failure of male tain the age of eighteen years, or (hall die under that a^e, with- iilue then to h s out iflue of her body; and in cafe fuch firft daughter of the faid lrtue icmale« James Bartholomew Radcliffe (hall attain her age of eighteen years, then that the faid truftees (hall pay, aflign, transfer, and make over the faid principal fum, and the flocks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (hall or may be inverted, to fuch firft daughter of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe, her executors and adminiftntors, for her and their own foie ufe and benefit; but in cafe fuch firft daughter (hall happen to die under the age of eighteen years without iflue of her body, that then they the faid truftees do and (hall pay the interefl, dividends, annual profits and proceed of the faid principal fum, flocks, funds, and fecurities, unto the fecond daughter of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffey hwfully to be begotten, to and for her own ufe and benefit, until (he (hall attain the age of eighteen years, or (hall die under that age, without iflue of her body; and in cafe fuch fecond daughter of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe (hall attain her age of eighteen years, then that the faid truftees (hall pay, aflign, transfer, and make over the faid principal fum, and the flocks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (bailor may be inverted, to fuch fecond daughter of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe% her executors and adminiftrators, for her and their own foie irfe and benefit; hut in cafe fuch fecond daughter (hall happen to die under the age of eighteen years, without iflue of her body, then that they the faid Charles duke of Richmond and Lenoxx and Henry Foxy their executors, adminiftrators, at>d afligns, (hall fland and be poflefled of and intcrefkd in the

Digitized by

44*

On failure of iflue of James Bartholomew Radcliffe, then to be paid to James Clement Rad. cliffe, and his iflue.

Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgii II. c. 52.	[174^

faid principal fum of twenty four thoufand pounds, and the (locks, funds, and fecurities, m which the fame (hall or may be inverted, in truft for the third, fourth, fifth, and all and every other the daughter and daughters of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, in like manner, and for fuch interests, as are herein before refpt&ively limited to the (aid firft and fecond daughters of the faid James BartMemew Raddiffe; every fuch daughter and daughters to be iutitledto, and to take the laid principal fum, and the docks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (hall or may be inverted, and the intereft, dividends, annual profits, and proceed thereof, feverally and fuc-ceflivcly, one after the other, according to her and their priority of birth, the elder of fuch daughter and daughters being always preferred, and to be intielcd to, and to take the fame before toe younger of fuch daughter and daughtersand in cafe there fell not be any daughter of the faid James Bartholomew Raidiffc, lawfully begotten, or all fuch daughters (hall die before any of them (nail attain her age of eighteen years, and without leaving iflue of their bodies, then that they the faid truftees do and (hall pay the intereft, dividends, annual profits, and proceed of the faid principal fum, flocks, funds, and fecurities, unto the faid James Clement Raddiffe, and his afligns, during his natural life, for his and their own foie ufe and benefit ; and fironl and after the deceafe of the faid James Clement Raddiffe, then do and (hall pay the intereft, dividends, annual profits, and proceed, which (hall at any time or times thereafter arife by or in refped of the faid principal fum, flocks, funds, and fecurities, unto the firft fon of the faid James Clement Raddiffe, lawfully to be begotten, to and for his own ufe and benefit, until he (hall attain the age of twenty one years, or (hall die under that age, without iflue of his body; and in cafe fuch firft fon of the faid James Clement Raddiffe (hall attain his age of twenty one years, then that the faid truftees fell pay, afiign, transfer, and make over the faid principal fom, and the (locks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (hall or may be inverted, to fuch firft fon of the faid James Clement Raddiffe, his executors and adminiftrators, for his and their own foie ufe and benefit; but in cafe fuch firft (on (hall happen to die under the age of twenty one years, without iflue of his body, that then they the faid truftees do and fell pay the intereft, dividends, annual profits, and proceed of the faid principal fum, (locks, funds, and fecurities, unto the fecond fon of the faid James Clement Raddiffe, lawfully to be begotten, to and for his own ufe and benefit, until he (hall attain his a^e of twenty one years, or fell die under that age, without i(T?c of his body; and in cafe fuch fecond fon of the faid James Clement Raddiffe (hall attain his age of twenty one years, then that the faid truftees (hall pay, aflign, transfer, ana make over the faid principal fum, and the (locks, funds, and fecurities in which the fame (hall or may be inverted, to fuch fecond fon of the faid James Clement Raddiffe, his executors and adminiftrators, for )iis and their own foie ufe benefit; but in cafe fuch fecond

Digitized by

Google

441

1749-1 Anno. viceOmo fccundo GeorGU II. c. 52.

Con (hall happen to die under the age of twentyone years, with* out iflue of his body, then that they the faid	duke of

Ricbmtnd and £m*x, and Henry Fen, their executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, (hall, (land and be poflefled of, and interefted in, the faid principal Turn of twenty four thousand pounds, and-thc (locks, funds, and fecurities in which the fame (hall or may be ' invefted, in trait for the third, fourth, fifth, and all and every 1 other the (on and Ions of the faid James Clement	,	law.

fully to be begotten, in like manner, and for fucb interests, as f are herein before refpedively limited to the faid firft and fecond 1 fons of the faid James Clement Radcliffe, every fuch fon and fons to be intitled to, and to take the faid principal fum, and the ' flocks, funds, and fecurities in which the fame (hall or may be : * invefted, and the intereft, dividends, annual profits, and pro-1 cced thereof, feveraily and fucceffively one, after the other, according to his and their priority of birth, the elded of fuch fon and fons being always preferred, and to be intitled to, and to take the fame before the younger of fuch fon and fons; and io cafe there (hall not beany fon of the (aid James Clement	,

lawfully begotten, or all fuch fons (hall die before any of them (hall attain his age of twenty one years, and without leaving iflue of their bodies, then that they the faid truftces do and (hail pay the intereft, dividends, annual profits, and proceed of the (aid principal fum, (locks, funds, ana fecurities, upto the firft daughter of the faid James Clement Rif, lawfully to be begotten, to and for her own ufe and benefit, until (he (hall attain the age of eighteen years, or (hall die under that age, without iflue of her body; and in cafe fuch firft daughter of the faid James Clement Radtliffe (hall attain her age of eighteen years, then that the faid truftces (hall pay, aflign, transfer, and make over the (aid principal fum, and the docks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (hall or may be invefted, to fuch firft daughter of the faid James Clement Radtliffe, her executors and adminiftrators,

• for her and their own foie ufe and benefit; but in cafe fuch firft daughter (hall happen to die under the age of eighteen years, without, iflue of her body, that then they the faid truftees do and (hall pay the intereft, dividends, annual profits, and proceed of the faid principal fum, (locks, funds, and fecurities, unto the fecond daughter of the faid James Clement	lawfully	to

be begotten, to and for her own ufe and benefit, until (he (nail attain the age of eighteen years, or (hall die under that age, with-out iflue of her body; and in cafe fuch fecond daughter of the the faid James	Clement Radtliffe (hall attain her age of eighteen

years, then that the faid truftees (hall pay, aflign, transfer, and make over the faid principal fum, and the (locks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (hall or may be invefted, to fuch fecond daughter of the faid James Clement	,	her	execu-

tors and adminiftrators, for her and their own foie ufe and benefit ; but in cafe fuch fecond daughter (hall happen to die under the age of eighteen years, without iflue of her body, then that they the (aid Qharles duke of Richmond and Ltnex, and Henry

‘	Fed,

Digitized by Google

44*

On failure of jflue of James Clement Radcliffe, then to be paid to the executors and afligns of • James Btrtlio-lomew Kad-cJiffe.

James Bartholomew Radcliffe, and James Clement Rad-elide im-powered to make feftle-menrs m cafe of marriage j

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 52.	£1749.

Fox, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, (hall (land and be poffefled of, and interefted in, the faid principal fum of twenty four thoufand pounds, and the (locks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (hall or may be inverted, in truft for the third, fourth, fifth, and all and every other the daughter and daughters of the faid James Clement Radcliffe, lawfully to be begotten, in like manner, and forfuch intererts, as are lierein before refpec-tively limited to the faid firrt and fecond daughters of the faid James Clement Radcliffe, every fuch daughter and daughters to be intitled to, and to take the faid principal fum, and the (locks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (hall or maybe inverted, and the interert, dividends, annual profits, and proceed thereof, feverally and fucceflively one after the other, according to her and their priority of birth, the elder of fuch daughter and daughters being always preferred, and to be infilled to, and to take the fame before the younger of fuch daughter and daughters; and in cafe there dial I not be any daughter of the faid James Clement Radcliffe„ hwfully'begottcn, of all fuch daughters (haJl die before any of them (hall attain to the age of eighteen years, and without leaving ifiue of their bodies, then that they the faid Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, (hall (land and be poflefled of, and interefted in, the faid principal fum of twenty four thoufand pounds, and the (locks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (hall or may be inverted, in truft for the executors, adminiftrators, and aflighs of the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe, to and for their own proper ufe and benefit.

XV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and declared. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Janus Bartholomew Radcliffe, and James Clement Radcliffe, from time to time, and at any time during their refpe£live natural lives, as and when they (hall by virtue of this a<ft be refpedtively intitled to receive the yearly intereft, dividends, profits, and proceed of the faid principal fum of twenty four thoufimd pounds, and of the (locks, funds, and fecurities in which the fame (hall or may be inverted, or any part or parcel thereof, by any deed or deeds, or other inftrument in writing, under their refpe&ive hands and feals, attefted by two or more credible witnefles, to limit, appoint, or fettle any part or parts of the yearly intereft, dividends, profits, and proceed of the faid principal fum, docks, funds, and fecurities, not exceeding one third part of the yearly intereft, dividends, profits, and proceed of fo much of the faid principal fum, (locks, funds, and fecurities, as they (hall re-fpe<Slively by virtue of this adl be then intitled actually to receive, to and upon, and for the ufe aYid benefit of any woman or women with whom the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe and James Clement Radcliffe (hall hereafter happen to inter-marry, for the life of fuch woman or women, in nature of a jointure for fuch woman or women, and to take effedl immediately after the deceafe of the perfon or perfons making fuch limitation, appointment, or fettlement, and (uch limitation, appointment, or

fettleinenr,

Digitized by Google

1749.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c.52.	44;

fettlement, to be before or after fuch marriage, as to them the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe, and James Clement Radcliffe, * fhalJ refpeftively feem meet.

’ XVI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted and de- and to dared. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid to trufleesone James Bartholomew Radcliffe and James Clement Radcliffe, as and third of ,the when they (hall by virtue of this aft be refpeftively intitled to Procced of receive the yearly intereft, dividends, profits, ana proceed of	or

the faid principal fum of twenty four thoufand pounds, and of * the (locks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (hall or may be inverted, or any part or parcel thereof, by any deed or deeds, or other inftrument in writing, under their refpeftive hands and feals, with or without power of revocation, and to be atterted by two or more credible witnefies, or by his or their laft will or wills in writing, figned by him or them, and atterted by three or more credible witnefies, to aflign, limit, or appoint unto any fuch perfon or perfons, as (hall by him or them be thought proper to be trurtees in that behalf, any part or parts of the yearly intereft, dividends, profits, and proceed of the faid principal fum, docks, funds, and fecurities, not exceeding one third part of the yearly intereft, dividends, profits, and proceed of fo much of the faid principal fum, docks, funds, and fecurities, as they (hall refpeftively by virtue of this aft be then in-titled aftually to receive, to hold unto fuch truftees, their executors, adminidrators, and afiigns, for any term or number of years, not exceeding twenty one years, to commence either in pofleflion, or at any future day, during the life of the perfon and perfons fo refpeftively afligning, limiting, or appointing the fame, or from his or their deceafe, as in and by fuch deed, inftrument, or will (hall be exprefled.

XVII. And it is hereby enafted, That fuch refpeftive aflign- in order to ments and appointments, to be made in purfuance of this aft raif'e portions as lad is mentioned, (hall be refpeftively in order to and for the ^oui^ir* purpofe of railing portions for the daughters and younger fons of the perfon and perfons fo aflignirv:, limiting, or appointing fuch part or parts of the yearly intereft, dividends, profits, and proceed of the faid principal fum, docks, funds, and fecurities as aforefaid; and they the faid trullees, to whom fuch aflign-ments or appointments (hall be refpeftively made, an J their executors and adminidrators, (hall refpeftively (land poflefled of, and interefted in the part and parts of the yearly intereft, dividends, profits, and procced of the faid principal fum, (locks, funds, and fecurities, fo to be to them reipeftively afligned, limited, or appointed as aforefaid, in iruft, by the ways and means in fuch refpeftive deeds, inftruments, or lad wills to be mentioned to levy and raife for the portion and portions of the re-fpeftiv^ daughter or daughters, younger fon or younger fons of the refpeftive perfon and perfons fo afligning, limiting, or appointing the faid part and parts of the yearly intereft, dividends, profits, and proceed of the faid principal dim, (locks, funds, and fecurities, fuch fum and furns of money (b to be paid to and

among

44S	Anno vicefitno feeundd GeokgiHI. c. 5ft.	[1749.

among foch daughter or daughters, younger fen or font, infeeh ihares and proportions, and at fuch days and times, and w*tfc or without fuch maintenance or intereft in the mean time, until the Tame fhall he paid, not exceeding the intereft of ftsch refpec* five portions, and alfo with fuch benefit of furvivorfhip, and ifubje& to and under fuch conditions, provifoes, limitations, declarations, and agreements, and with fuch powers for lefTening, increafing, changing, and altering all and every fuch portion or portions, as in and by fuch refpe&ivc deeds, inftru merits, or laft wills, ihall, from time to time, by the refpedhve perfon and pcrfons foafligning, limiting, or appointing fuch refpedHve part and parrs of the yearly intereft, dividends, profits, and proceed of the faid principal funt, ftocks, funds, and fecurities, be di-Tetfted and declared, and to and for no other intent or parpofc On payment whatfoever; and from and immediately after fuch portion or ¥	portions, maintenance and intereft fhall be railed and paid, or

term to ceafe. UP°* payment thereof by the perfon intitled to the reverifion expectant on the determination of the faid term, all and every fuch term, fo to be created and vefted in truftees as aforefaid, fhall ceafe, determine, and be void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

)rames Bartho-	XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded andde-

rffCW ~ clared, That if the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe (hall nor, come bound in w*fh*n the fpace of twelve calendar months next after thepaffiog 50,000! not of this a<ft, in cafe he fhall be living at the end of the faid twelve to enter into months, enter into a recognizance before the chief jufticeof his any foreign Majefty's court of King’s Bench, or before the chief jufticeof bis lfcJnceTroIn131 Majefty’s court of Common Pleas, at IVeftminfler, wherein he fhall the King. be hound to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, inthefumof fifty thoufand pounds, not to enter into the fervice of any foreign prince, ftate, or potentate, in any capacity whatfoever, nor to depart this realm without the licence of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, under his or their fign manual for that pur-pofe firft had and obtained; that then, and in that cafe, all fuch right, title, and intereft, as is herein before vefted in, or limited to, the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe, and his ifTue, in and to the faid principal fum of twenty four thoufand pounds, and the ftocks, funds, and fecurities in which the fame (hall or may be inverted, and in and to the interefts, dividends, annual profits, and proceed thereof, fhall, from thenceforth, ceafe and determine, in the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid James Bartholomew RaicBffe was then a&ually dead without ifllie of his body.

James Cle. XIX. Provided alfo, and it is hereby likewife enaded and dement Radcliffe clared. That if the (aid James Clement Radcliffe fhall not, with-to become jn twelve calendar months next after be fhall have had notice 5o!ooo im not that any right, title, or fet*reft> in or to the intereft, dividends, to enter into annual profits, and proceed of the faid principal fum, ftocks, foreign fer- funds, and fecurities, or any part thereof, hath adtually come to, vice without or is vefted in him in pofieflion, by virtue of the trufts aforefaid, Uccncc# appear before the chief juftice of his Majesty’s court of JEutf*

Baub,

Digitized by v^ooQle

447

<749*1 Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii II. c. 52.

Bencby or before the chief juftice of his Majesty’s court of Com-•him Pleas at IVeflnttnfiiry and enter into a recognizance, wherein he (hall be bound to his Majesty, His heirs and fucceflbrs, in the like fum of fifty thoufand pounds, not to enter into, nor continue, or be in the fervice of any foreign prince, ftate, or potentate, in any capacity whatfoever, nor to depart this realm, without the licence of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, under his or their (ign manual for that purpofe firft had and obtained, that then, and in that cafe, all fuch right, title, and intereft, as is herein before veiled in, or limited to, the faid James Clement Radcliffey and his iflue, in and to the faid principal fum of twenty four thoufand pounds, and the (locks, funds, and fecu-rities, in which the fame (hall or may be invefted, and in and to the intereft, dividends, annual profits, and proceed thereof, fhall, from thenceforth ceafe and determine, in the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid James Clement JLodcliffe was then actually dead, without iflue of his body.

XX.	And it is hereby enadted and declared. That nothing None of the

in this adl contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to parties bene-give to the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffey James Clement Rad- turalizedbv*" eliffiy lady Charlotte Radcliffey lady Barbara Radcliffey and lady	y

Mary RadcHffe, or to any of them, any right or privilege of claiming to be naturalized by virtue of this adl, or of being

deemed or taken, or of claiming, by virtue hereof, to be natural bom fubjedts; but they and every of them (hall be and remain in refpeft thereof, in the fame ftate, plight, and condi-tipn, to all intents and purpofes, as they and every of them would have been in cafe this adl had not been made, fave that they and every of them (hall and may maintain any adlion or adhons, and commence and profecute any fuit or fuits, and ufe and exercife all fuch other remedies and privileges as fhall be ncceflary fof the enabling them, or any of them, to have the benefit of this adl, and of the feveral provifions hereby made, and of the feveral trufts and interefts before-mentioned ; any thine herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadled, ptfnaity of any

That if the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffey and James Clement of the faid Raddiffe$ or either of them, or their or cither of their iflue, parties being either male or female, for whom any provifion is made, or in-	q?

tended to be made, by this adl, or to or for whom any truft or mifprifion of intereft is hereby limited or declared, (hall at any time hereafter treafon.

be guilty of or commit any crime or offence which would be high treafon, or mifprifion of treafon, or (hall do or perform any adl, matter, or thine which would have amounted to high treafon, or mifprifion of treafon, in cafe the perfon or perfons fo being guilty of or committing any fuch crime or offence, or - fo doing or performing fuch adl, matter, or thing, as aforefaid, had been a natural born fubjedl of this realm, that then, and in that cafe, the perfon or perfons who (hail be so guilty of, or commit fuch crime offence, or who (hall fo do or perform any fuch aGt9 matter, or thing, as aforefotd, fhall for him and herfclf,

and

Digitized by

Google

The commif-fioncis im* powered to agree with the parties, or o-rlwrrs, for ieis iutcrdfc.

Trainees to

give receipts.

No trurtee to be accountable for more than what he (hall leparatc-ly do.

Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgii II. c. 52.	[1749.

and for themfelves refpe&ivcly, and for his, her, and their iflue and defendants, forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs iand fucceffors, all fuch right, title, and intereft, as (hall be then veiled in him, her, or them, either in poffeflion or reverfion, in and to the faid principal fuin of twenty four thoufand pounds, and the frocks, funds, and fecurities, in which the fame (hall or may be inverted, and in and to the intereft, dividends, annual profits, and proceed thereof, in the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch perfon or perfons had beeflcnatural born fubjeefts of this realm.

XXII.	And it is hereby enadted, That it ihall and may- be lawful to and for the faid commiilio.iers, or governors redlors of the faid hofpital, or any feven or more of them, any time or times hereafter, to agree with any perfon or perfons who lhall be intitled to all or any part of the principal money to be levied and rai fed by virtue of this aft, or-the intereft there* of, for any lefs rate or intereft for fuch principal money, than is hereby made payable for the fame, or than the fame lhall or may be levied and raifed at; and in cafe the perfon or perfons who lhall fee intitled thereto (hall not fo agree, then to agree with any other perfon or perfons for the advancing money at any lefs rate or intereft than aforefaid, for paying off all or any part of the principal money hereby dire&ed to be levied and raifed; and then and in that cafe, the principal money which (hall be fo paid off, and the fecurities for the lame, ihall be af-fignea to the perfon or perfons who (hall advance fuch monej* provided that fuch aflignment (hall be made for the refpe&iye principal money only that (hall be fo paid off, and for the intereft of fuch principal money to grow due from and after the making of fuch alignments refpeclively; and that the faid principal money, and the intereft thereof in all fuch affigmnents, lhall be made payable at he end of fix months afthe lartheft, from the day of the making fuch artignments refpedlivety.

XXIII.	And it is hereby further enafled, That the receipt cr receipts of the faid Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, or the furvivor of them, or the executors or admi-nitlrators of fuch furvivor, under his or their hands refpedlively, (hall be a good and effectual difeharge to the perfon and perfons to whom any demife or mortgage (hall be made in purfu-ance of this act, lor fuch fum and Turns of money for which fuch receipt or receipts (hall be given; and after fuch receipt or receipts (hall be 10 given, fuch perfon and perfons (hall be, and are hereby abfoluteJy acquitted and difeharged of and from the fame; and they, or any of them, after fuch receipt or receipts given, lhall nut be anfwerable or accountable for any lofs, mif-application, or nonapplication of the faid money, or any part thereof.

XXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That the faid Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, or the furvivpr pf theqn, or the dltecutors, or adminiflrators of either of them, (hall not be anfwerahle nor accountable for any fum or fums of money to be received by them, or any of {hem, under the trufts hereby created and declared, any otherwife than each perfon for fuch fum or fums of money as he (hall jefpe&iveiy actually receiver and that no one of them (hall be anfwerable or accountable for the ads, receipts, , negleds, or defaults of tfce other of them, nor for any lofs or -damage tha^ (hall or may happen by or in placing out of the faid principal-fum of twenty fourthoufand pounds, or any part thereof, at intcreft, or by or in depofiting the fame with any perfon or perfons, or in any place or places, for fafe cuftody, until the fame (hall, from time to time, be placed out as afore-faid, unlefs fuch lofs or damage (hall happen by or through their voluntary or wilful default.

XXV.	And it is hereby alfo enabled, That they the faid Tnifteestore-Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, and each imburfe thera-of them, and their and each of their'executors and adminiftra- felvcs. tors, out of the principal money which (hall come to their or any of their hands, or the intereft, dividends, and proceed thereof, (hall be allowed, and retain to and reimburfe themfelves all fuch cofts, charges, damages, and expences, as they (hall or may refpedively fuftain, be at, or put unto, in or about the execution of all or any of the trufts hereby in them repofed.

XXVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Publick ad. That this ad, and every claufe, matter, and thing herein contained, (hall by all and every judge and judges, and other perfon and perfons, be conftrued and adjudged as largely and beneficially in all courts of law and equity, and all other places, as can be for the ends and purpofes herein exprefled, and the fame is hereby declared to be a publick ad of parliament, and all judges and juftices are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecial"pleading the fame.

XXVII.	Saving to the King’s moft excellent majefty, his Rights of the heirs and fucceflors, all his and their right to fuch quit-rents, crown, and crown-rents, and dutchy-rents, only ifluing out of the faid fe- others laved, veral eftates intended to be hereby fettled to and for the ufe and benefit of the faid royal hofpital at Greenwich^ as the fame eftates were refpedively liable to on the twenty third day of June, in the Year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen ; and aving to the lady Catharine Radcliffe, if living, and to alf and every other perfon and perfons (other than and except the faid King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, fave as aforefaid, and other than and except the faid James Bartholomew Radcliffe,commonly called lord Kenaird, and James Clement Radcliffe, and the heirs male of their refpedive bodies ; and all and every other perfon and perfons whatfoever, who is, are, or (hall be the descendant or defeendants of or from the faid Francis late earl of Derwentwater, or the faid James late earl of Dcrwentwater, or the faid late Charles Radcliffe, or any of them, except the faid lady Catherine Radcliffe, if living, and all and every other perfon and perTons, who may or (hall at any time hereafter claim any right, title, eftate, or intereft, in, to, or out of the faid feveral laft-mentioned eftates, by means of the faid recited fettlements of the twenty third and twenty fourth days of March, one thousand fix hundred and ninety one, and the twenty third and twenty fourth days of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, or either of them) all their right, title, intereft, claim, or demand to the faid feveral eftates intended to be hfcreby fettled to and for the ufe and benefit of the faid royal hofpital at Greenwich t or any part or parts thereof.

The End of the Nineteenth Volume.

