THE

Statutes at Large,

Announdecimo Georgii III. Regis.

Befog the F O U R T H Seffion of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain, •

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Esq;

Vol. XXIX. Part I,

THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain

Amo 1771.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Efq;

Reader of the Law Lefture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXIX.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Crofs-Keys, oppofite St.Dunftan’9 Church in Fleet-Street, London;

M, DCC, LXXI.

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Palled Announdecim

GE O R G11 III* Regis.

Being the Fourth Seflion of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.	/

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. r. /T^O continue the prohibition of the exportation of JL corn, grain, meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, and ftarch; and alb of the extra&ion of low wines and fpirits from wheat and wheat flour, for a further time; and alfo to prohibit the exportation of malt for a limited time.

Cap, 2. Foi' continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fcrvice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one.

Cap. 3. For the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Majesty’s (hips of war, and on board merchant (hips, and other trading (hips and veffels.

Cap. 4. To amend fo much of an a&, made in the ninth year of his prefent Majefty's reign, intituled, An aft to emend, and rente mere effiftualy an aft made in the twenty firft year of the reign cf King James the Firft, intituled, An a& for the general quiet of the fubjedU, againft all pretences of concealment whatfoever, as relates to the profecuting his Majesty’s right, title, or claim, to any mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the pTcincl, diftridf, or liberty of the Savoy, in the county of Mid-dbfex, or to any the appurtenances to the fame therein mentioned.

Cap. 5, For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thou-fcnd feven hundred and feventy-one.

Vot. XXIX.	a	Cap.	6.	For

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 6. For punching mutiny and deflation ; and far the bet* ter "payment of the army and their quarters.

Caff. 7. For the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces, while on fhore.

Cap. 8. To continue for a further time an a& made in the • eighth year of his prelcnt Majefty’s reign, intituled. An ad to tan- \ tinue and amend an aSt made in the fifth year of the reign of bis pro-fent Majejly, intituled, An a<5t for importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time; and for al-' lowing the importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the Britijb dominions in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 9. For the better paving, repairing, deanling, lighting, and watching the ftreets and other publick paflages within the city of Wincbefter; and alfo within the fevcral parifhes of Saint Bartholomew Hide, Saint Johds in the Sole, Saint Peter's Cbeefthill, Saint Switbin and Saint Michael in the Well Soke, in the fuburbs of the faid city; and for preventing nuiunces and annoyances . therein; and for widening and rendering the fame more commodious.

Cap. 10. For carrying into execution an agreement made between Peter Barrel efquire, furveyor-general of his Majesty’s lands, apd the truftees of Morden College, in the county of Kent, for enabling his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, to grant leafes of Maidenficne Hill, in'the parifh of Eaft Greenwich, in the county of Kent, to the faid truftees, upon the terms mentioned in the faid agreement; and for impowering the faid truftees to increafe the falaries and penfions of the treafurer, chaplsun, and poor merchants, in the laid college.

Cap. 11. For further continuing two z&9 made in the fixth and ninth years of his Majesty’s reign, for punifhing mutiny and defer tion, and for the better payment of the army and their quar-\ ters, in his Majesty’s dominions in America.

Cap. 12. For better paving the ftreets, fquares, lanes, courts, alleys, ways, and other publick pallases, in that part of Goodman's Fields, which lies in the parifh of Saint Mary MatfeUon, o-therwife Whitechapel, in the county of Middlefex, and alfo Red Lion Street and White Lion ftreet, lying contiguous to the faid fields, and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, and obftrudtions therein.

Cap. 13. To explain a claufe in an aSL of the laft fefSon of parliament, for better fupplying the city of Worcefier, and the liberties thereof, with water; and for better paving and lighting the faid city; and for removing and preventing all obftruc-tions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 14. For the better regulating the poor within the city of Oxford.

Cap. 15. For the better paving that part of the High Street, in the parifh of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwife Whitechapel, which lies in the county of Middlefex, and for removing ob-ftru&ions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 16. To

* A. TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap; 16. To enable bis Majefty to licence a playhoufe in the town of Liverpoole, in the county palatine of Lancajler.

Cap* 17. To explain and amend fo much of an aft of the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, for paving the town and borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, as relates to the commiffion-ers of fpwers; and for regulating thd manner of taxing churches* and other publick buildings, within the limits of the faid aft.

Cap. s8. To indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfdves for offices and employments, and to indemnify juftices of the peace and others who have omit ted to regifter their qualifi-cations within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for thofe purposes.

Cap* 19* For amending certain of the mile-way s leading to Ox* ferd\ for making a commodious entrance through the parilh of Saint Clement; for rebuilding or repairing Magdalen Bridge ; for making commodious roads from the faid bridge through the univerfity and city, and the avenues leading thereto; for cJeanf-ing and lighting the ftreets, lanes, and places, within the faid univerfity and city, and the fuburbs thereof, and the faid parifti of Saint Clement; for removing nuifances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future5 for impowering colleges and corporations to alienate their eftates there; for removing, holding, and regulating markets within the faid city * and for other purpofes.	;

Cap. 20. To enable lunaticks intitled to renew leafes, their guardians and committees, to accept of furrenders of old' leafes* and grant new ones.

Cap. 21. For paving JVapping Street, in the county of Middle-/ex, and the feveral ftreets and paflages leading into the fame; and for removing all encroachments and obftruftions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for opening a paflage from Hermitage Street into Nightingale Lane; and for paving fiich paflage, and the eaft fide of Nightingale Lane.

Cap. 22. To amend and render more effeftual feveral afts made relating to paving, deanfing, and lighting the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and other places, within the city and liberty of Weftmiufter, and parts adjacent.

Cap. 23. For paving and regulating Rofemary Lane, from the parifti of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, to Cable Street; alfo the faid Cable Street, the foot-path in Back Lane, part of the precinft of WeU Clofe, the ftreet leading from Nightingale Lane to Ratcttffe Croft, Butcher Row, and Brook Street, and the feveral ftreets, lanes, and paflages opening into the feme ; and for removing all obftruftions and annoyances therefrom, and preventing thp like lor the future.

Cap. 24. For licenfing an additional number of hackney coaches, and applying the monies arifing thereby.

Cap. 25. For railing a certain fum of money, by loans or ex* chequer hills, for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-one.

Cap. 26. For further continuing the tolls upon London Bridge,

a 2	for

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

far the purpofes therein mentioned; and for impowering the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council aflembled* in certain cafes, to grant licences to perrons poflefled of terms for years, of and in houfes deferibed in. ’ an a£t of the feventh year of his prefent Majefty, to build upon, and inclofe part of the ground and foil of the ftreets in the from of their faid houfes.

Cap. 27. For regulating and improving the fifheries in the river Tweedy and the rivers and ftreams running into the fame % and alfo within the mouth or entrance of the faid river.

Cap. 28. For punilhing offences committed by hackney coach-then and chairmen, within certain diftridts and places therein mentioned; and for renewing the regiftry of carts and carriages*

Cap. 29. For confolidating, extending, and rendering morfe effectual the powers granted by feveral ads of parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and deanfmg the vaults, drains* and fewers, within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for paving, cleaning, and lighting the ftreets, lanes, fquares* yards,courts, alleys, paflages, and places; and preventing and removing obftru&ions and annoyances within the fame.

Cap. 30. For clcanfing and lighting the ftreets of the town of South Ltith, the territory of Saint Anthony s, and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining, and for fupplying the feveral parts thereof with frefh water.

Cap. 31. For the encouragement of the white herring fifhery.

Cap. 32. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy-one; for indemnifying the landholders of the IJle of Wight from the payment of the monies due by virtue of an a<5t of the ninth year of his prefent Majefty \ and for other purpofes therein mentioned;

Cap. 33. For paving, repairing, deanfing, lighting, and watching the ftreets, fquares, lanes, and other paflages, within the pariQi of Saint John, ClerkenweU, in the county of Middle-fexi and for removing obftru&ions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 34. For enabling certain perfons to inclofe and embank part of the river Thames, adjoining to Durham Yard,Sali/bury Street, Cecil Street, and Beauford Buildings, in the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 35. For reducing into one ad of parliament the feveral laws relating to the keeping and carriage of gunpowder, and for more effcdually preventing mifehiefs by keeping or carrying gunpowder in too great quantities;

Cap. 36. For cleanfing, lighting, and watching the feveral ftreets, and other paflages, on the fouth fide of the city of Edin* burgh, and for removing nuifantres and annoyances therefrom* and preventing the fame for the; future.

Cap. 37. To prohibit the exportation of live cattle, and other flefh provifions, from Great Britain for a limited time.

^ Cap. 38. For the better fupport and cftablifliment of the Greenland and whale fiftiery.

Cap. 39. To

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 39. To amend an alt made in the Jaft feflion of parliament, intituled. An act for extending like liberty in the exportation of rice from Eaft and Weft Florida to the fouthward of Cape Fi-niflore or Europe* as is granted by former afts of parliament to Ca-ro/iw and Georgia.

Cap. 40. For the more effectually preventing the counterfeit* iog (he copper coin of this realm.

Cap, 41. To explain an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An aft pving further encouragement for the importation of naval Jlores, and fir other purpo/es therein mentioned, To far as relates to tne importation of unmanufaftured wood of the growth and produft of America j and to explain fo much of an aft made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An act for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant feas3 ns relates to the importation of raw (ilk and mo? hair yam landed at certain places therein mentioned.

Cap. 42. To explain and amend an aft made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft to regulate the trials of controvert-(itUflienSy or returns of members to ferve in parliaments Cap-43« For eftablilhing a houfeor houfes of induftry in the Ifit of Jvigbt% for the reception, maintenance, and employment of the poor belonging to the feveral parifhes, and places, within the faid ifland.

Cap. 44- For the better paving, repairing, and deanfing the ftrccts, Janes,.alleys, and other ppblick paflages, within that part of the town or Jffakefieldy in the county of York, which lies* within the eaft .end of* Wejlgate Bridge, the fouth fide of North? gate Bor, the* north end or Kirkgate Bridge, (except fo much thereof as is repaired by^the weft riding of the faid county of York) and the extreme part of «the townfhip of IVaktfield afore-(aid, leading from Wungate towards Eajl Moor; for preventing nuifances and annoyances therein, and tor widening and rendering ibf fame more commodious. ,

Cap. 45. For improving and completing the navigation of the rivers Thames and jfiu from the city of London, to the town of trhklaie, in the courity of Wilts.

Cap.4,6. Fpr paying, and keeping in repair, the ftreets, lanes, snd paflages, in the parilh of Saint Luke, in the county of Mid-£efex; for removing obftruftions and annoyances therein ; and for widening the paflages at the weft end of ChifwtlLJlreet, and at the fouth end of Brickbat, in the (aid parifh; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 47. For granting fo his Majesty a certain fqm of money, to be railed by lottery.

Cap. 48. For granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the ferviceof the year onethoufand feven hundred and feventy-one; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament, for carrying to the aggregate fund a Aim of money which hath arifen by thetwo-feventh*

a 3	excife^

A TABLE cJf the STATUTES.

excife, and for enabling the commiffioners for executing the office of treafurerof his Majesty’s exchequer, or the lord high trea-furer for the time being, to pay to Dobfon, owner of the Greenland fhip. Lord Molineux, the bounty doe for the faid fliip on the laft year’s fiithery.

Cap. 49. To continue for a further time, an aft paffcd-in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An to prohibit the importation of foreign-turougbt jilts and velvets fer a limited	time-, and for preventing unlawful eombinations of workmen

employed in the Jtlk manufacture.

(Cap. 50. For granting a bounty upon the importation of white Oak ftaves, and heading, from the Britijb colonies or plantations in America.

Cap. 51. For continuing ieveral laws for the better regulation of laftage and balaftage in the river Thames; for the further pu-nifoment of perfons going armed or difguifed, in defiance of the laws of cuftoms or excife, and for the landing of rum or (pints qf the Britijb fugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excifr; fqr repealing fb much of an aft pafTed in the fixth year of the reign of King George the Fir ft, intituled, An ait for vefttingthe carriage of	extefive loads of mealy malt, bricks,	and

within ten miles of the cities of London Weftrhinfter, as relates tp the carriage of meal, malt, and goals; and for authorifing the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort ofbarley, oalkd Bigg, fr6m the port of Kir,in the tflarids of Orkney.

Cap. 52. For repairing, amending, and fuppdrting the feve-ral harbours and fca pons in the If of Man.

. Cap. 53. For widening the highways in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 54. For the better paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching	HaydonSquare, the New Square, Hayden yard,

Street, Little Church Street, otherwife the Church Paffage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the paflagts therein, or leading thereunto, in the parifo of Trinity, otherwife Holy Trinity, in the	Minories, in the county of	within the li-

berty of his Majesty’s TeWer of London j and for other purpofes herein mentioned.

, Cap. 55. To incapacitate John	Charles	,

Thomas Hafe/grove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Par fens, Thomas junior, Thomas Hanmngton,John , John William Cheefeman, George Browne, John Parfotis, John Frederick Dean, William Dean, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas	CrotvUr,Thomas Pcckney, Jofeph Dedman John Dean,

John Whiting, William Stevens, John	Robert	Parker,

John	Hogspjh, John	Purfe,John Dean, Thomas Jennings,	John

Snook junior.	RicherA Tilfione, tVilliam Turner,

Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel, Wiliam Gratwick, Nathaniel Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John , William Cooler, Thoms Frofl, Michael Smith, Richard , Mihail Durrant, Emery Ckurcher, Walter Broad, Richard Stone-barn f James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp, Thomas . ... • • ,

A TABLE of thfe STATUTES.

Cnwttr, John Barnard., James	AC James Millar, otherwise

Miller, William Newnham,Jeffery Carver, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John	Dedmafenior,. William Jennings,

WilSsn Hards, Thomas Gear, William	Henry	Robinfon,

and HenryHanningten,from voting at elections of members to ferrem parliament, and for the preventing bribery and corruption ia theeiefhon of members to ferve in parliament for the borough of New Sborebom ,in the county of Suffix.

Cap. 56. For diverting out of the crown, and to veft in Gerald Fitzgerald of Ratbrme, in the oounty of Meath, in the kingdom of Ireland elquire, and his heirs, the reverfion in fee of and in, feveral lands in Ireland therein mentioned.

Cap. 57. To continue and render more effectual an aft pafled in the ninth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the roads leading from the turnpike road in Tiring, in the county of Hertford, through Dtmfiable, Hitcbin, Balded, and Royjlon, to the turnpike road at or near Boumbridge j and from the well end of Wellbury Lana to the turnpike road at the fouth end of Barton, in the counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge; fo f»r as the lame relates to the repairing the roads in the Roy/Ion diftrift of roads, in the faid aft particularly mentioned.

Cap. $8. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, Au aft for	repairing and widening	the high road leading from the

north end Ballingdon Bridge in Sudbury, in the county of Suffolk, to foie fouth gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the faid county.

Cap. 59. To impower Charles Fitz Roy, efquire, to fhut up certain foot-paths in tho parilh of Saint	alias

Teum, in the county of Middlefex, and to oblige him to make and keep in repair-for the future a foot-path in lieu thereof.

Cap. 60. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft made m the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aB for repenting fevtral reads leading through the county of Selkirk.

' Cap. 61. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Spernal Afb, in the county of Warwitk, to a meet called Cigbeth in the town of

mingham.

Cap. 62. To explain, amend, and render more effeftual, an aft made in the eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the Firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river i/Carron, in the	county of Stirling, to the Firth or river of Clydd,

ot or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county of Dumbarton ; and alfo a collateral cut from the fame to ibe city of Glaf-gow; and for making a navigable cut or canal of communication, frm ibe port and	harboursfBorrowftdiinnefs, to join the faid canbl

ct or near the place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth.

Cap. 63. To continue, and render more effeftual an aft made in the feventeenth yfear of the reign of. his late Majefty, fof reft 4	pairing

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

pairing the road from the end of Middleton Tyas Lame to Grata- . bridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the north riding of the county of York.

Cap. 64. To enlarge the term and powers of an adK made in the twenty-fixth year of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Tadcafier, through Gollingham, Harewood, Arthington, and Pool, to the town of Otley, in the weft riding of the county , of York.

* Cap. 65. To enlarge the term and powers of an a<5f, made in the twenty-fifth ypar of his late Majefty, for repairing the road fjrom Knarejbrougb, in the county of York', by Longflatt Lane, Goulifbrough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton, Maulevere?, and State Moor, to Greenbamerton, in the fame county * and for making the fame 4 high carriage road.

Cap. 66. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made in \ the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Msjefty, for repairing the road from the city of York, over tyiphridge to Borough-bridge in the cqunty pf XQr^m

Cap. 67. To oblige the company of proprietors of the Birmingham canal navigation to complete the faid canal to a field called Newball Ring, adjoining to the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, within a limited time, and to maintain and keep the fame free and open for the paflage of boats, barges, pnd other veflels.

Cap. 68.'For repairing and widening the road from Colling-ham, through Wethtrby, to the city of York.

Cap. 69. foy cplarging the tern® and powers granted by an* aft ot the ninth year of nis prefent Majefty’s reign, for repairing the road frpm the turnpike-gate in the townfh’ip of.Greenfield\ to the. north limits of the townlhip of Mojiyn j and fropi Moflyn to Henllan ; and from Idanerch y Mor to Pen y Ffo%di Waen, in the pouptics of Flint and Denbigh ; and for extending the faid a$ to, feveral other roads in the faid counties, and the ' county of Carnarvon; and for taking feveral roads within the faid counties out of the power of the truftees appointed by two feveral afts of parliament of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth year$ pf his late Majefty; and for putting the faid roads under the direftion of the truftees appointed by tfie faid former and this prefent aft. '

Cap. 70. To continue and render more effectual feveral afts for’repairing the highways between the Bear Inn in Reading and Puntfield, in the* county of Berks, and other roads in the faid pfts mentiqncd j and for repairing feveral other roads in (liis aft ^mentioned1.

’ Cap. 74. For repairing and widening the road from the Low-water Mark of the river Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in jhe parirti of Elloughton, in the eaft riding pf the county of York, to the north end pf the town of Brough, and from thence through South Cave to Corny Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes, in rhp ftid riding.

Cap* 7%• For draining and prefcrving certain fen lapds and

A TABUE of the STATUTES.

|3W grounds iti the parilhes of Stoke Ferry, NorthtooU, Wrettoni • tfenbam, Weft Dereham, and Roxbam, in the county of Norfolk..

Cap. 73. For amending, widening, turning, and altering the road from the bottom or Gtf/fcy //i//, near the town of Witney* IT the crofs in Cknfield, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 74- To continue and render more effe&ual three ads, itade in the twelfth year of King George the firft, and in the eighteenth and thirty-firft years of his late Majefty, for repair-jig the roads from Birmingham, through Warwick to Warming-:m, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edge« till, in the county of Warwick, fo far as the fame relate to the road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the faid county.

Cap. 75. For making a navigable cut or canal from Cbejler-jM/, in the county of Derby, through or near JVorkfop and A*/-/pi, to join the river Trent, at or near Stothwith, in the county1: of Nottwgbpn.

Cap. 76. For repairing and widening the road leading from Teniftone Bridge, in the county of York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the county of Derby \ and the roads feverally leading from Bam~ ford Woodgate, over Yorkfbire Bridge, to the guide-poft on Thorn-kill Moor, to or near the eighth mile-ftonc on Hatherfage Moor, and tQ the village of Darwent, in the faid county of Derby.

Cap. 77. For repairing and widening feveral roads leading tor the town of Lantrijfent; and alfo the road leading from Newbridge, to a place called The Old Furnace; all in the county of Qlamergepr. *

Cap. 7$. To enable the corporation of the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of confervators of the Great Level.o( the Fens, called Bedford Level, to complete and maintain the principal banks and works neceflary to the well-draining and preferring the North Level, part of the faid Great'Level, and for laying taxes upon the lands within the faid North Level, and on divers lands adjoining thereto, in the manor of Crow^ land.

Cap. 79. To enlarge the term and powers of fo much of an aft made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of King George the fecond, as relates to the repairing the road from Cramond Bridge to the towti of Queensferry, in the county of Linlithgow.

Cap. 80. For enlarging the term and powers of feveral a<S$ made for repairing and amending that part of tte toad leading from a certain place called the IVhite Pojl, qn jvewbury Hill, in the county of Huntingdon, to IVandsford Bridge, in the faid county, called the North Divifson of the North Road; and fojj.rep.air-ing the road leading from Stilton, in the faid county of Hun~ tingion, to the city of Peterborough, in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 8r. To enlarge the term and powers of an aeft made in the twenty-fourth year of King George the fecond, for repairing the road leading from Weft Lavington to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 82. To enlarge the term contained in tyvo feveral a<ft$ q£

par-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

parliament; and to repair, widen, and amend the road from the guide poft at the wefterly end of Newton Lane* within the toWn-fiiip of Mancheftor, in the county palatine Of Lancafter, to Auftet-lpnd*i in the parifh of Saddlewortb, in the county of York.

Cap. 83. To enlarge the term and powers of an aA made in the eighteenth year of King George the fecond, to repair the rozd leading from Tadcofler Bridge, within the county of the city of Torky to a place near the faid city, called Hobmoor Lam EndL Cap, 84. For repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road from the market-houfe in the town of Great Farrtngdonx in the county of Berks y to Burfordy in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 85. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Peebles to the King's Eatedge, and to Gatibope-kmw Bumfooty and to the top of Mihcbmoor* and to Locb-bead% in the county of

, Cap. 86. For repairing and Widening the road from Stone to Lane End; and to the road between Leek and Sandon on Meir Heathy and from thence to Blythe Bridge; and alfo from Meir to Trent bam, and from thence to Stableford Bridge, in the county of

. 87. For repairing and widening the road from Shelton to the road between Cheadle and Leeky amt from Bsaknall to Weflon Coyney; and from the road between Cheadle and Leek to the turnpike road above Frogall Bridge; and from the fame road to the road between Blyth Marjb and Tborpf at or near RuebiH Gatf in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 88. To continue and render more effectual two ads pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the firft, and the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing the road from Market Harborough to Loughboroughy ki the couhty of Leicefter; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road branching out of the aforefsid road, at a place called Filling Gate to a road called the Fofs Ready add from thence to the turnpike road leading from Melton Mowbrayy to the guide poft in Saint Margarets Field Leicefer.

Cap, 89. For making a navigable cut or canal from Brad-ford% to join the Leeds and Liverpoole canal at Windhttly in the iownfhip of Idliy in the county of York.

Cap. 90. To enlarge the term and powers of an aA made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of King George the fecond, for repairing the roads from Livingjlony by the kirk of ShottSy to the city of Glafgowy and by the town of Hamilton to the town of Stratbaveriy and for repairing and widening the road leading from the confines of the county of Airy at or near Locbgatex to the town of Strathaven in the county of Lanark.

Cap. 91. To enlarge the term and powers of three aAs, pafled in the twelfth year of King George the firft, and the nineteenth and twenty-fixth years of his late Majefty, for repairing the road from- Liverpoole to Prefcotty and other roads in the county palatine of Lancajlery and for amending the road from the caufeway <u Bkcllovo Brov/y to the caufeway leading from Prefeott to

Liver-

Peebles.

A ABLE of the STATUTES.

L'tvtrptelc, and alfo through Lime Lane, to Ranelagh in Lmptele aforefaid.

Cap. 92. For enlarging and altering the terms and powers of facial aas, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Gorge the firft, and in the twenty-firft year of the reign of King Gorge the fecond, for repairing the roads leading from the town of Brmfgrovt to the town of Dudleyin the county of Worcefer ; and from the faid town of Bromfgrove to the town of Birm'mg-botn, in the county of	Warwick; fo far as the laid a&s	relate to

the repairing of the roads leading from the faid town of Birmingham to the faid totvn of Bromfgrove.

Cap. 93. For repairing and widening the road froth Patricks Crtfs, within the town of Liverpoclein the county palatine of Lmgfter, to the town of Prefion, in the fame county palatine. Cap. 94. For repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Vinehall in the parifh of Mount field, in the county of	SuJJex, to	Ctipp's Comer, and from thence to Staple-croft,

and to the turnpike road near the windmill in the parifh of Beetle}, and from Staple-craft to Long ley’t water corn- mill at Kajt Ditch, and from Crifpft Corner to the town of Rye lit the faid county.	*

Cap. 95. For repairing and widening the road leading from Went, in the county of Salop, to the lime rocks at Bren y and ftreral Other toads in the counties of Salop and Denbigh.

Cap. 96. For repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from Tavemfpile to the towns of and Tenby, and to	Hubbirjltn Haling, ib the county of

Cap. 97. For amending and widening' the road from Jldgb, through	Wantage,to	Hungerfo in the county of Berks ;

arid from Wantage to Maflbortugb, in the county of Wilts; and from the turnpike rbdd between Reading and Wallingford through Halfpenny Lent, to the Old Red Houfe upon Wantage , and from thdnce ta Lamborn, in the faid county of Berks.

Cip. 98. For repairing and widening the road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, 9fid from thence to the town of Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill aforefaid to the town of	and	from	the

turnpike road between Cuckfield and Crawley, to the town of titrjkem; and alfo the iPad from	in	the parifh of Bur-

vxijb, to Sbover Green, in the parifh of	all	in	the	coun-

ty of Suffix.

Capi. 99. For repairing and widening the roads from Hand Croft to. Comer Houfe,and from thence to the turnpike road hading from Horjham to Steyning, and from Comer Houfe afore-hid td the fhaypoie in the town of	in the county of

Suffix,	,

PRlVAfU

4 TABLE of the STATUTES. . PRIVATE ACTS.

p. A N aft for naturalizing Bernard Pernj.

XJL 2. An act for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, commonable lapds, and wafte grounds, within the manor and parilh of Lowick, in the county pf Northampton*

3.	An act for naturalizing Lewis Benjamin Cr\ufc%.

4.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common a^d open fields, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the pqapor and parifh of Slipton, in the county of Northampton.

5.	An act for dividing and inclofing the ieveral open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, carrs, and other uninclofed grounds, within the feveral townthips of Locktngton and Aykt, in the eaft riding of the county of ; and for cxtinguilhing the right of common, or average, upon certain aqtjenf inclofures within the faid townfliip of Lockingtm.

6.	An act for naturalizing Gerard Portmath

7.	An act for more effeftually vetting the reverfion In fee-fimple of and in divers lands and hereditaments, in the counties of Derby, Leicejter, Nottingham, and Stafford, in JVaJbingion earl Ferrers, md his truftees; and for confirming letters patent grant-* cd thereof, and of certain other lands and hereditaments in the pounty of Northampton, to the faid earl, in the third year of his

* prefent Majefty's reign; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

8.	An aft to render valid and eflfeftual certain articles of agreement, between fFilliam Lambton efquire and the honourable and right reverend Richard lord bilhop of Durham, and the other perfons therein named.

* 9. An aft to enabfe the bilhop of Hereford to exchange certain lands and premiles, in the cpuqties of Hereford.

re. An act for explaining and amending an aft, intituled. An aB for veJHng part of the fee fimple efiate of George late lord vifeou^t Midleton, of the kingdom of I reland, in trujlees tf be fold, for paying the debts, legacies, and incumbrances, mentioned in, and appointed to fa paid by, bis will; and for \executing and effectuating feveral contrafy entered into by him, for felling and leafing divers farms and lands in Ireland j and for making the exemplification of bis will evidence in law and equity.

11.-An aft to impower Sir Francis Blake Delaval knight of th,e bath, or the perfon or perfons claiming under a fettlement of his family eftates, dated the nineteenth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, to grant to Thomas Da-lavakefquire. his heirs and affigns, a certain parcel of land and buildings, liberties and privileges •, and alfo to grant two feveral leafes, for ninety-nine years each, to, or in truft for, the ftiicl Thomas Delaval and Sir John Huffey Delaval baronet, of certain lands, copperas works, buildings, liberties, and privileges, ir\ the manors of Hartley and Seaton Delaval, in the county of Nor-Cumberland, part of the fettled efiates of the faid Sir Francis Blake Delaval and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

An

A TAfeLE of the Sf AttJf ES.

12. An act for effectuating a conveyance of the real eltates fate biJobnEjfington efqutre, dcccafcd, to the purchafers thereof, under a decree or order of the high court of chancery.

An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields within the townihip and liberties of Jylejbury, in the county of Buds.

if An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands* within the parilh of Whitchurch, in the county of Bucks*

i	j. An 4ft for dividing and inclofing the open fields and common paftures, in the parilh pf Kirkby Mallory, in the county of Leicefter.

16.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, and commonable places, in Keyham, in the parilh of Roth* Icji and county of Leicejler.

17.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields, meadows, commons, or wafte lands, within the manor and parilh of Hill Croome, in the county of Worcefier.

18.	An aft for. dividing and inclofing Barniker Moor within themanor of Nether Wyerjaale, in the county palatine of Lancafttr•

19.	An act for dividing and inclofing the feveral open fields, common pafture, commons, and wafte grounds, within thd townihip, hamlet* or liberty of Fairfield, in parilh of Hope, and county of Derby.

20.	An a ft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, lammas grounds, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parilh of Great Brickbill, in the county of Bucks.

21.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, heath, and other commonable lands, in the parilh of Sproxtom* in the county of Leicejler.

22.	An act for dividing and inclofing the feveral ftinted paftures, called the North Moory Longhill, Bark9 and Gar forth Clofe, within the townihip of Rilfiim, in the welt riding of the county of York.

23.	An act for dividing ahd inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, heath, and other commonable lands, in the parilh of Saltby, in the county of

Leicejler.

24.	An aft to enable the right honourable Thomas lord Ducie9 and his ififue, to take the furnamc of Moreton9 and to bear and ufe the arms of honour of the right honourable Matthew lord Ducie deceased, purfuant to the will of the faid Matthew lord Ducie.

25.	An aft to enable captain Samuel Pitchford, and the heirs male of his body, to take and ufe the furname, and bear the arms, of Sir Samuel Cornijh, deceafed, purfuant to his will.

26.	An aft to enable Thomas Grundyy and his iflue male, to take and ufe the furname of Swinfen/

27.	An aft to enable William Mackenzie, David Graviery and Jcbn Grower, refpeftively, and the heirs male of their refpeftive bodies, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Godfrey.

28. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

28.	An act for making the exemplification of the laft will and teftament of Francis Macartney efquire, deceafed, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

29.	An aft to diflolve the marriage of Henry Knight cfquire, with Catharine Lynch, his now wife; and to enable him to mar-ty again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

30.	An act for naturalizing Henry Renner.

31.	An act for rendering valid and effeftual certain articles of agreement, bearing date the twenty- firft day of July, one thou-land feven hundred and feventy, made between Frances counters dowager of Londonderry, Philip earl of Stanhope, and others) and for veiling feveral manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Devon and Wilts, in truftces, for the purpofes in the aft mentioned.

32.	An act for rendering effeftual an exchange of certain lands, parcel of the glebe of the reftory of Avington in the county of Southampton, for certain other lands in the faid parifh of Avington, belonging to the moft honourable the marquis of Carnarvon.

23. An aft to enable Francis Charteris cfquire, heretofore called Francis Wemyfs, and the heirs of his body, and feveral other perfons therein named, and the heirs of their refpeftive bodies, to retain, aflume, and fign, the name of Charteris, and to bear the arms of Charteris, and to hold and cryoy the eft ate therein mentioned, notwithftanding the defeent to him or them ,refpeftively of the honour and title of Wemyfs, or any other honour or title whatfoever.

34.	An act for eftablifliing and confirming an exchange of a certain piece of inclofed land, in the parifti of Baft Barnet, in the county of Hertford, and diocefe of London, for other inclofed land, parcel of the glebe of the faid parifti, purfuant to an agreement between Benjamin Underwood clerk, matter of arts, reftor of the faid parifti of Baft Barnet, and John Pyfms, efquire.

35.	An act for exemplifying ox inrolling the will of Charles Macarthy More, deceafed, and making the fame evidence, ** well m Ireland as Great Britain.

36.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common meadows, common wood grounds, and commonable lands, in the parifti of Alvejlon, in the county of Warwick.

37.	An act for dividing and inclofing certain common fields, common meadows, and commonable wafte grounds,within the manor and parifti of AJlon Subedge, in the county of Glou~ cejler.

38.	An act for dividing and inclofing a certain common paf-ture, called Myton Carr, in the lord (hip of Mytonx in t,he parifti of The Holy Trinity, in the town and county of the town of Kingflon upon Hull.

39.	An act for dividing and allotting the common fields, downs, and all other the commonable lands and watte grounds,

1 in the manor and parifti of Eajl Garjlon, in the county of Berks.

40.	Ao

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

40.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds, within the manor of Mon, in the parifh of Baktn

well, in die county of Derby.

41.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral open arable fields, meadows, paftures, cans, and other open and common grounds, within the townfhip of , in the parifh of Beefortb, otherwife Beford, in the eaft riding of the county of York,

4a. An ad for dividing and inclofing	common,	in

the parifhes of	Matkwortb, Ktdlefio, and	Langley, or

fume of them, in the county of Derby.

43.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, cow paftures, ings, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the parifh of J -djhby, within the manors of Htrneqftlt and Wtjl Afttby, in the county of Lincoln.

44.	An ad for dividing, inclofing, and allotting, the feveral open fields, lands, and grounds, within the townfhip of

tnthe	WevldSyin the county of York.

45.	An ad for dividing and inclofing. a certain parcel of common and wafte ground, called The Chitwoods, withiri the townfhip or hamlet of Horninglow, in the parifh of , in the county of Stafford.

46.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields, common or wafte lands, ftinted paftures, and commonable grounds, within the hamlets of Stapenbill and Wiei/bill, in the county of Derby.

47.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral open fields,

common meadows, ftinted paftures, commons, and wafte lands, in the feveral hamlets of Stretton,	and -

fitn, within the parifh of Burton upon , in the county of Stafford.

48.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral paftures, with the townfhip of Hetton, in the parifh of > and weft riding of the county of York.

49.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open common fields and commonable grounds, within the mano; and parifh of Stutb Rtjhn, in the county of Lineobe.

co. An ad for dividing and inclofing the open sod common fields, meadows, paftures, heath, and wafte grounds, within the manor and parifh of Bootbby	in	the	county of

51.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and uninclof-ed fields, lands, commons, and waftes, within the manor of Scatty^ in the north riding of the county of Tori; and alfa a certain common, called Tnroxtnbf Moor, otherwife Newby Meor% within the fame riding.

52.	An a& for dividing and inclofing certain fields, lands, and wafte grounds, within the townfhip of Melton, in the parifh of Welton, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

53.	An a& for dividing and inclofing the common fields, and the common or heath, called Kiljall Heath, and other common* able lands, in the parifh of Bonington^ in the.cpunty of Salop.

a	54. An

a f Able of the statutes/

54.	An ad for dividing and inclofing • certain common, called Holland Ward, otherwife HoRin Wordy in the county of Derby.

55.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and commonable lands within the manor of Broadway, in the county of Worcejler.

56.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain commons, commonable grounds, and waftes, called Redditch Common and Web-heathy fituate in that part of the manor of Tardebiggy which lies in the county of Worceftery and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

57.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, commons, and common paftures, within the liberties of Stapleford and Bramcotgy in the county of Nottingham.

58.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Butler9s Marftony in the county of Warwick.

59.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, cotn-tnons, and wafte grounds lying in the parilh of Appleby, in the! counties of Leicefter and Derby.

60.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and cortunoft fields, common meadows* and commonable lands and grounds, called Beanhall Field,s, in the manor and parifh of Feckenbamy in the county of Wortejkr.

61.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and wade grounds, within the village, hamlet, townfiiip, and manor of Oxenhopty in the parifh of Bradford, and county of York.

62.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, common paftures, and wafte grounds, within the town-lhips of North Mujkhamy Holmey and Bathleyy in the parifh of North Mujkhamy in the county of Nottingham.

63.	An ad to impower Sir John Gibbons to fhut up the footpaths over certain lands, in the parifh of Stanwelly in the county of Miidlefex; and to extinguifh all claims and right of common in and over the faid lands; and to oblige the faid Sir John Gibbons to make and keep in repair a foot-path in lieu thereof ; and to veft certain premifes and a fum of money in traftees, for the ufe of the poor of the faid parifh.

64.	An ad for naturalizing John Peter Du Rover ay y John Da-niel NavilUy John Peter Eynardy David Cholletty and John Za-charias Gertcken.

65.	An ad for naturalizing Augufiine Noverre.

66.	An ad for impowering the judges of the court of feflion in Scotland to fell certain parts and portions of rheeftate and barony of Carrington in the county of Edinburgh% which formerly belonged to Hugh lord vifeount Primrofty deceafed, and now to Neil earl of Rojeberryy for payment of the debts of the faid vifeount.

67.	An ad for veiling certain lands and hereditaments, part of the real eftate of John Sutton efquire, fituate in the county of Lincoln, in truft, to be fold, for payment of eight thoufand

* pounds.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

pounds, the portion of Ifabella Suttcn dcceafed, and for the other purpofes in the faid ad mentioned.

68.	An ad for dividing and inclofing Sheriff-baits common, in the county of Stafford.

69.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral parcels of fen land, within the parifh of Algarkirke turn Fofdyke, in the parts ofHolland* in the county of Lincoln.

70.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, in the parifh of Swalcliff'e* in the county of Oxford.

71.	An ad for difcharging the manor of Coldhefelddon* and divers mefiiiages, lands, and hereditaments, part of the cftate of Riibard earl of Scarborough* from the ufes, eftates, and trufts, declared concerning the fame, by the fettlement executed previous to his marriage with Barbara countefs of Scarborough9 his wife, and by a certain ad of parliament, which pafied in the feventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign ; and for fettling another manor, and other lands and hereditaments, of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the like ufes.

72.	An ad for enabling Sir Henry Harpur baronet to make leafes of his eftates in the counties of Derby and Stafford, for three lives, or ninety nine years, or fuch other leafes as are therein mentioned.

72. An ad for fale of part of the fettled eftates of. Sir John Sbiiltj baronet, and of the right honourable John Shelley his fon, in the feveral counties of Kent and Wilts, and alfo of a farm, called Kingfham Farits* in the parifh of Saint Pantras* in the county of Suffix; and for applying the’monies to arife by fuch fale, in difeharge of the portions of the daughters of the faid Sir John, Skelltj, affeding the eftates of him and his faid fon ; and for other purpofes-

74.	An ad to exchange lands in Langham, in the county of Suffolk* between Patrick Blake efquire, and Edward Burch* redor of the parifh church of Langham aforefaid, within the diocefe of Nertoicb.

75.	An ad for vefting certain freehold* and Ieafehold mills, lands, and tenements, comprifed in the marriage fettlement of Jo tph Bullock efquire, in truftees, to convey and aflign the fame respectively^ purfuant to an agreement for the fale thereof; and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes as . are mentioned in the faid fettlement.

76.	An ad for confirming a conveyance to Henry Flitcrofi efquire, of certain'eftates in the county of York* purchased by the truftees in the marriage fettlement of Charles Goring efquire, and Fanny his wife; and for confirming a conveyance made by the faid Henry Flitcroft to the ufc of the faid truftees of other eftates, in lieu thereof, in the county of Sumy.

77.	An ad to enable the furviving truftee named in the fettlement of William Pulteney efquire, and Frances his wife, to grant leafes of their Ieafehold eftates in IVeJlminJler.

78.	An ad for confirming a deed of truft, dated the thirty-

Voi» XXIX*	t)	firft

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, and for the more effedu^l enabling the truftees to raife the fum of nine thoufand pounds, for the purpofes therein mentioned, by mortgage or fale of the freehold eftate of George Smytb the elder, and George Smytb the younger, efquires, fituate in the county of Gloucejler, or of a competent part thereof.

79.	An ad for vefting part of the eftate late of Nicholas Car-fellis efquire, deceafed, at Wivenhoe and Elmjltd, in the county of Ejfex, in truftees, to be fold, for railing money to difeharge incumbrances.

80.	An ad for vefting the manor of /IJlley, and certain mef-fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in Aftlty* Tyl-dejley, and Bedford, in the county of Lancafter> comprifed in the marriage articles of Thomas Froggatty and Hannah his wife, in truftees, to the feveral ufes, upon the trufts, and fubjed to the powers, provifoes, and reftridions therein mentioned.

81.	An ad for vefting the fettled eftates of Thomas Parkinfon9 Edward Heathcote, and Catharine his wife, and their refpedive children, lying in the counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, and Chejlery in truftees, to fell a fufficient part thereof, for payment of debts and legacies affeding the fame, and for making a partition of the remainder thereof, and fettling the entire premifes to the ufes therein mentioned.

82.	An ad for difeharging from tithe certain lands, in the parifh of Sebraham> otherwife Sebergham9 in the county of Cunt’-berland; and for making compenfation to the curate of the faid parifh for the fame.

83.	An ad for draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds, in Ladus Fen9 in the ifle of Ely.

84.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable places, in JVavertony otherwife Wareton9 in the parifh of Polefworthy in the county of Warwick.

85.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral open and common fields, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the manor of Hamjlead Norreys, in the parifh of Hampjiead Nor-reys9 in the county of Berks.

86.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields, called Stretton common field, and certain common or wafte grounds, called Strettcn Heathy and Stretton Horfe S1ead9 in the parifh of Stretton on the Fcfs, in the county of Warwick.

87.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral open and 'common fields, arable, meadow, and palture grounds, lam mas grounds, and commonable lands, within the hamlets and liberties of Knigbtcot and Northend9 in the parifh of Burton Daffetty in the county of Warwick.

88.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable hnds, within the parifh of Nauntcn Beauchamp, in the county of Worcejler.

89.	An nd for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, common paftures, and all Qther common and wafte lands,

in

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the liberties or Hamlets of Kilby and Newton Harcourt, in the parifh of Wi/iow> and county of Leicefer.

9a An alt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields of Stetton under Fofsy in the parifh of MonFs Kirby, in the county of Warwick.

91.	An alt for dividing and inclofing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the townfhip and parifh of Bijbop Norton, in the county of Lincoln.

92.	An alt for dividing and inclofing all the open fields, lands, and grounds, at Long Rijlon and Arnold^ in the county of York.

93.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh and liberties of Pattijball) within the hamlets of Eaftcote, AJlcotty and Darlefcote> in the county of Northampton.

94.	An alt for. dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and commonable fields, meadows, paftures, lands, and wafte grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the manor, parifh, and liberties of Harford, in the county of Huntingdon.

95.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open fields, in the townfhip of Butterwicky in the parifh of Foxholes, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

96.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Earls Barton, in the county of Northampton.

07. An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the manor and parifh of TVedon and Wejlon^ otherwife JVedon Pinkney, otherwife Leys Wedon, in the county of Northampton.

98.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the parifh and liberties of Wat-foriy and within the hamlet and liberties of Murcotty in the pa<-riihcs of Watford^ and Long Bu<tby9 in the county of Northampton.

99.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the moor, or common, called Elvet Moor, in the parifh of Saint Oftvald, in the county palatine of Durham, and for extinguifhing all right of common in certain intercommon lands in the faid parifh.

100.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open arable fields,

| meadows, paftures, commons, and tfafte grounds, in the pa-| rilh of Miflerton, in th/e county of Nottingham.

1	101. An alt for dividing and inclofing the commonable lands

and wafte grounds, within the manor and parifh of Ubly9 in the county of Somerfet.

102.	An alt for naturalizing Jacob Matthias JuJlus, and The-cpkilus Chrijlian Blanckenhagen.

103.	An alt for naturalizing Francis Harrand.

104.	An alt for vefting in truftees, and their heirs, feveral manors, me Hu ages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of

4	Southampton

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Southampton, the eftate of the moft noble William Henry Cmendijh Duke of Portland,upon truft to fell the fame* and to apply the money to arifc by fale thereof in manner therein mentioned.

105.	An ad for vetting the manor, capital mettiiage, barton

farm, and demefne lands of Cadbayfituate in Ottery Saint in the county of Devon, part of the fettled ettate of Si	Wil-

liams baronet, in truftees, to be fold; and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the lame ufes which are now fulfilling with regard to the faid fettled eftate.

106.	An ad for confirming and carrying into execution an

agreement, dated the twenty-third day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, between Humphrey	efquire,

and George Clive efquire, and for. vetting certain eftates, in the county of Tipperary, in the kingdom of	in	certain	truf-

tees, and their heirs, for that purpofe.

107.	An ad for vetting certain mefluages in The Strand, in

the county of Middlefex, part of the fettled ettate o	The-

obald efquire, in truftees, to be conveyed to James Adam efquire; and for laying ont the purchafe money in lands, to be fettled to the ufes to which the faid fettled ettate do now Hand limited.

108.	An ad for vetting the copyhold ettate of Richard Mad-iock, gentleman, deceafed, fituate at Norwood, in the county of Middlefex, in truftees, to be fold, towards difcharging the principal money and intereftdueupon a mortgage thereof, and of certain freehold eftates of the faid Richard Maddock, in the county of Wilts.

109.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open common

meadows, commons, and downs, in the parilhes of	and

Stratton, in the county of Gloueejier.

no. An ad for dividing and inclofing the common fen, belonging to Qojlon Wejl, in the county of .

in. An ad for dividing and inclofing the common fen, belonging to	Skirbeck Quarter, in	the parilh of Skirbeck, in the

county of Lincoln.

112.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the commons and watte grounds within the townihip of Brampton-en-le-Mortben, in the weft riding of the county of York.

113.	An ad for naturalizing Carfliu Dirs and Jacob Gloflein.

FINIS.,

A

TABLE

O F T H E

STATUTES

PUBLIC* and PRIVATE,

I

Paffqd Anno duodecimo

GEORGII III, Regis.

Being the Fifth Seffion of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBL1CK ACTS.

Cap. i./T'0 continue and amend an aft made in the laft fef-JL fion of parliament, intituled. An aft to continue the prohibition of the exportation of corn, grain, fneal, flour, bread, bif-ettit, and Jtarch; and aljb of the extraction of low wines and /pints frm wheat and wheat flour, for a farther time; and alfo to prohibit the exportation of malt for a limited time.

Cap. 2. To continue for a further time an aft made m the eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled; An aft to continue and amend an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his frtfent Majefly, intituled. An act for importation of falted beef, port, bacon, and butter* from Ireland, for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the Britijb dominions in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to hi9 Majefty by a latld tax, to be railed in Great Britain* for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and feventy-two.

Cap. 4. for punilhing mutiny and defertion \ and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 5. For the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces, while on ihore.	_	.	.	~	-

V01..XXIX.	*	Cap.	6.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 6. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufahd feven hundred and feventy-two.

Cap. 7. For explaining and amending an z& made in the feventh year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act for taking tff the inland duty of one finding per pound weight upon alt black and Jtnglo teas sonfumtd in Great Britain; and for granting,* drawback upon the exportation of teas to Ireland, and the Britifti diminions in America,a limited time, upon fucb indemnification to be made in refpeft thereof be the Eaft India Company as is therein mentioned, for permitting the exportation of teas in fmaller quantities than one lot to Ireland, or the faid dominions in America; and for preventing teas, feized and condemned*from being eonfumei in Great Britain ; and for fettling certain doubts and dilputes which have arifen upon the faid a£t of parliament.

Cap. 8. To explain and amend an a£t pafled.in the tenth year of his'prelent Msyefly’s reign, for paving, lighting, and watching the town of Plymouth, in the county of Devon> and for regulating the carmen and porters within the faid town. *

Cap. 9. To enable the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of confervators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level$ to borrow upon bonds further money, upon account of the- middle and fouth levels, part of the faid great level; and for eftablifhing a further certain fund, for payment of the bond soft he faid corporation, out of the laid middle and fouth levels.

. Cap. 10. For allowing further time for Inrolment of deeds and trills made by papifts; and for relief of proteftant purchafers.

Cap. ii. For the better regulating the future marriages of the royal family.

Cap. 12. For further continuing two afts, made in the fixth and nipth years of his Mqefty’s reign, for punilhing mutiny and djefertion, apd for the better payment of the army and their quarters, in his Majesty’s dominions in America.

Cap. 13. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand 1even hundred and feventy-two.

Cap. 14. For cleaning, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable, the fever?] rivers emptying themfelvcs into the faid haven 5 and for preferving (hips wintering therein from accidents by fire.

Cap. ic. For lighting, cleaning, and watching, the:ftreets, lories, and other pailages, of the burgh of Cavongate, and the liberties of fihafance at)d Lfith-wyndy adjoining to the royalty of the city of Edinburgh.

. Cap. 16. For deepening, cleanfing, fcouring, preferving, and maintaining, the harbour of Port Glafgowrfot enlarging and improving thp quays and pjers, for crc&ing new breads, jettees, and piers, and for regulating (hips, lighters, and other veflels,

trading

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fading.into and going out of the (kid harbour ; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Capi 17. For lighting fuch part of the town of Jflington as lies in the pari(h of Saint mary9 IJHnglon, in the County of Middlefex ; and ferefiablifhing a regular nightly ttattft therein.

Cap, 18. For the better paving, cleanftng, lighting, and watch* ing, the Greets and lanes in the tow*n and parifh or Chatham, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances thefein.

Cap. 19. To enable h?s Majefty to grant certain houfes in Fcrubwrcb-Jireet and Addle-fir nt, in the city of London, efeheated to the crown by the death of lieutenant-general John Brown, without heir, unto Frederick Montagu cfqaire, and his heirs, upon the tfufts therein mentioned.

Cap. io. For the more effeltual proceeding againtt perfons (landing mote on thfeir arraignment for felony, or piracy^

Cap. 21. For giving relief in proceedings tiport writs of Mandamus for the admHIion of freemen into corporations; and for other purpofes therein mentioned. *

Cap. 22. For deepening, cleanfibg, fcouring, preferving, and maintaining, the harbour of AjY\ for enlarging and improving the quays and piers; for erecting docks, breads, jettees, and pien^and for regulating (hips, lighters, and other veflSIs, trading into and going out of the faid harbour; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 23. For the relief of insolvent debtors; and for indemnifying the marfhal of the King's Bench prifon from profeciition* at law, for certain efcapes from the faid prifon.

Cap. 24. For the better fecuring and preferving hi£ Majefty’s dock yards, magazines, (hips, ammunition, and (tores.

Cap..25. For the,more effectual vetting in the royal hofpital 2t Greenwich the forfeited and unclaimed mares of naval officers, teamen, and marines, in prizes t?ken from the enemy; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 26. For imbankihg, draining, and preferving* certain fen lands and low grounds in the parith ot Ramfejy in the county of Huntingdon; and in the parifhes of Doddington, March, Ben* irirf, fVtmblington, and Chatteris, within the IJle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge; and for amending the road from a certain bridge in the parifh of Chatteris aforefaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a drain called Vermuy den's, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a bridge called Tbe Forty Feet Bridge* in the faid parifh of Ramfey.

Cap. 27. To amend and render more’effeltUal an alt, made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An act for the more effectual draining and pre~ •crSing offeveralfen lands, and field hnds9 in the bounds and precinfls^ ^Whittlefey, m the Me of Ely, in. the county of Cambridge, fo taras thfe fame relates to the feveral fen and field lands lying in . the third, fourth, and fifth did riels, deferibed in the faid alt.

Cap1. iX. To* enlarge thl cdernctery’or churdh-yard, of the parifh of Watfordy in the county of Hertford, and to make an a 2	ad-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

additional building to the prefent workhoufe, for the reception of the poor of the faid parifh; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 29. To explain and amend an a£l, pafled in the iixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aSi for taking down and removing certain light-boujes now Jianding near the Spurn Point*, at the mouth of the Humber $ and for erecting otter ft and convenient light-houfes inftead thereof

Cap. 30. For the further augmentation of the falaries of the juftices of Cbefer, and the great feilions for the counties in Wales.

Cap. 31. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted, to qua* lify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes$ and,to indemnify members ana officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have 'been omitted to be (lamped according to law, or, having been (lamped, have been loft or xniflaid, and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly damped, and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors.

Cap. 32. For allowing the free importation of rice into this kingdom, from any of his Majesty’s colonies in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 33. For allowing the importation of wheat, wheat flour, rye, xye meal, and Indian corn, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. 34* To amend an adl of the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majlfty, for building a workhoufe in the pari(h of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the city of Wejlminjlery in the county of Mtddlefex.

Cap. 35. For enabling their Majefties to enfranchife copyhold lands holden of the manor of Richmond, in the county of Surrey, and for enabling his Majesty to (hut up a lane leading from Richmond Green to the river Thames, and to fell and exchange certain lands within the manors of Richmond and Wimbleton.

Cap. 36. For compleating a building intended for a new church or chapel at Richmond, near Everton, in the county palatine of Lancafter 5 and for other purpofes.

Cap. 37^ For draining and preferving certain commons, low grounds, and cars, in the pariffi of Market Wtighton, and other adjacent parifties in the eaft riding of the county of York; and for making a navigable cut or canal from Market Weigbton to the river Humber.

Cap. 38. For paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the fquares, ftreets, rows, lanes, alleys, and other pub-lick paflages and places, within the parifh of Chrift Church, in Middlefex; and for removing nuifances and obftru&ions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and ' regulating fuch parts of Brick Lane as are not within the faid parifln	Cap.	,39*

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Cap. 39. For railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy* two.

Cap. 40. For amending and rendering more effectual an aft, nude in the tenth year of his Majcfly’s reign, intituled. An aft fcr balding a new parijb church,, and declaring the prefent parijb Jxrcb a chapel; for mating , a cemetery or churchward; and for butting an boufe for the ufe of the mimjier of the parijb of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 41. For building a bridge over the river Thames, near the town of Maidenhead, in the county of Berks.

Cap. 42. For fettling and determining what parts of the preempt of the Savoy* in the county of Middle]tx^ (hall be under the furvey of the court of exchequer, and what parts thereof under the furvey of the duchy of Lancafter.

Cap. 43. For veiling Ely Houfe% in 'Nolbourn, in his Majefly, his heirs and fuccefibrs, and for applying the purchafe-money, with another fum therein mentioned, in the purchaftng of a freehold piece of ground in Dover Street* and in the building and fitting up another houfe thereon, for the future refidence of the bifhops of £/y, and the furplus to the benefit of the fee; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 44. To enable his Majefly to grant the reverfion or remainder in fee-iimple, now veiled in his Majefly, of and in an annual or fee-farm rent of one hundred and thirteen pounds, one of the feveral fee-farm rents granted to the right honourable Edward, heretofore earl of Sandwich^ by his late majefly King Charles the Second, unto the honourable James Archibald Stewart, and his heirs, upon a full and adequate confederation to be given by him, or bis heirs, for the fame.

Cap. 45. For the better regulation of carters, carriages, and loaded borfes; and for removing obftruftions and nuifances upon the ftreets and highways within that part of Great Britain called Scotland.	...	*

Cap. 46. For the more effectual preventing of frauds in the revenues of excife, with refpeft to tea, foap, low wines, and fpirits.

Cap. 47. To continue an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, intituled, An efi to prevent the committing offrauds by bankrupt and for making frevijton for difcharging bankrupt in certain cafes, from their imprifonment.

Cap. 48. For the more effeftual preventing of frauds in thq ftamp duties, upon vellum, parchment, paper, and cards.

Cap. 49, To explain and amend an aft, made in the feventh year of the reign or his prefent Majefly, intituled. An act for altering the Jlamp-duties upon policies of a]fursmee\ and for reducing the allowance to be made in refpeft of the prompt payment of theftamp~ iuties on licencos for retailing beer* ale9 and other exeifiable liquors 5 fid for explaining and amending federal alls of parliament relating to

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

hackney coaches and chairs j fe far as the fame relates to hackney $qacb«s.

C%p. 50. Fdr the encouraging the. manufafture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of fqeh bark (ha)I exceed a certain rate, for a limited time.

C^p* 51- For continuing ao a&, made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefect Majefty, to prevent the further fpread-ipg of contagious difordec among the homed cattle in Great Britain.

Cap. 5a* To enable the lords coaunUBoners of bis Majcfty's treafury to order and allow, out of the money arifing by the cqipagg doty, a certain fum therein mentioned, foe the cxpences of proftenting qfienders againft the laws relating to the coin, in the year one tboufand (even hundred and feventy, over and a-bove tiie fum yearly allowed foe that lervice.

Cap* 53. To enable the lords of the treafury to difebarge the executors of lady Anne Jekyll from a debt doe to his Majesty, for the qfe qf the finking fund, upon payment of the lame into the exchequer.

Cap. 54. For the more effectually fecuring a quantity of oak {rnibcg for the ufe of the royal navy.

Cap. 55. For preventing frauds and drafts, in relation to the trade carried on between Great Britain and Ireland.

Cap, 56. T0 continue feveral laws relating to the allowance upqn thq exportation of Britijb-made gunpowder; to the giving further encouragement foe the importation of naval ftores from the Britijb colonies in America; to the further encouraging the 1 manufacture of Britijb fail cloth, and to the duties payable on foreign fail cfoth; to the granting a liberty to carry fugars of the growth, produce, or manufafture of any of his Majesty’s fagar Colonies, directly into foreign parts, in (hips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to die free importation 1 of cattle from Ireland; and to the regulating ,the fees of officers j of the cuftoms, and naval officers in America.

Cap. 57. To explain and amend fo much of an ?&, made in ihe fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, as relates to the eftabliffiment of lazarets.

Cap. 58. For the’ further encouragement of the herring fishery on the coafts of the IJle of Man; and for obviating a doubt which has arifen with refpe# to the allowing the bounties upon the Britijb white herring filher,, in the year one thousand feven hundred and feventy-one.

- Cap* 59* For veiling io his Majesty certain hereditaments at Richmond[ in the county of Surrey, belonging to Catherine vif-qountefe Fitxwilliamy 'and held by leafe from the crown; and for veiling the freehold and inheritance of certain leafehold and copyhold hereditaments at Richmend aforefaid in trustees, and their heirs, in truft.for the faid Catherine vifcountefs FtzwiKamy sp a part of the compcnfttion for the fame, and for other pur— pofes therein mentionedu

Cap. 60,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 6d. For granting a drawback of part of the qultoms up- ' on the exportation of tea to Ireland, arid the Britijh dominions va Amenta; for altering the drawback upon foreign fugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the bounty. on the exportation of Britijh’made cordage ; for allowing th? importation of rice from the Britijb plantations into the ports of Brifloly Liverpoole, Lancajier, and Whitehaven, for fcn'medi-ite exportation to foreign parts; and to impower the chief ma«> giUrate of any corporation to adminifter the oath, and grant the certificate required by law, upon the removal of certain goods t? London, which have been fent into the country for fale.

Cap. 6?. To regulate the making, keeping, and carriage of gunpowder, within Great Britain; and to repeal the laws heretofore made for any of thofe purpofes.

Cap. 62. To enable the lord bilhop of Durham, and his fuc* ceflbrs, to raife a competent fum of money, to be applied for the repairing, improving, or rebuilding fuch part of Tyne Bridge as belongs to the fee of Durham.

Cap. 63. For redeeming one million five hundred thouland pounds of the capital flocks of three Rounds per eentum annuities, in the manner, and on the terms therein mentioned$ and for eftaMiihing a lottery. ■

Cap. 64, For building two new chapels, and providing burial places thereto. Within the town of Birmingham, in the county of fPerwidi.

Cap. 65. To extingulfh the right of common upon an acre of ground called Irhite Lyon, or Hangman’s Acre, in Saint * Georg/s Fields, in the county of Surrey.

Cap.66. For.the more cafy and fpeedy recovery of fmali debts within the borough and foreign of Kidderminjler, in the parifh of Kidderminjler, in the county of Werfefter.

Cap. 67. For incorporating the members of a fociety, commonly called The Marine Society, and their fticceflors, to be c-le&edas therein is mentioned, and for the better impowering* and eoablingthem to carry on their charitable and ufeful defigns. Cap. 68. For the better relief and employment of the poor, within that part of the parifh of Saint Sepulchre, which is in the county of Affddlefex \ and for paving, cleaning, lighting, watch-, ing, and regulating the fquaref, meets, lanes, alleys, courts, yards, and open palfages and places, within the fame \ and for removing annoyances therefrom; and for making the communication between Charter-koufe Square and Saint "John Street, through Cbarter-boufe Lane, more convenient.

Cap. 69. For paving, lighting, cleanfing, watering, and. watching the ftreets and other publick places within fuch part of the parifh of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlefexy as lies on the well fide of Tottenham-court Bond-, and for preventing nuifanccs and obftru&ions therein; and for obliging the trufteea for the care of the faid road to pave, repair, and cleanfe fuch. pan of the fai<} road as is therein described.	\

Cap. 7p, ,Fqt gfsuiting to his Majcfty a certain fiira of money a *	cut

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the fcrvice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two; and for further appropriating the fttp-* plies granted in this fefiion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders loft, burnt, or destroyed.

Cap. 71. For the repealing feveral laws therein mentioned Jtgainft badgers, engroflers, foreftallcrs, and regrators, and for indemnifying perfons againft profccutions for offences committed againft the faid aIts.

Cap. 72. For rendering the payment of the creditors of inlbl-yent debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the ' diligence of the law by arreftoient and poinding, and for extending the privilege of bills to promiflbry notes, and for limiting actions upon bills and promiflbry notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 73. For the better regulation of buildings and party walls yrithih the cities of London and Wejlminfler, and the liberties thereof, and other the parifhps, precinlts, and places within fhe weekly bills of mortality, the parifhes of Saint Mary-le-bone arid Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Sainf Luke at CbelfeOy in the county of Middlefex\ and for the better preventing of mifehiefs by fire within the faid cities, liberties, parifhes, precinlts, and places 5 and for amending and reducing the laws relating thereto into one altj and for other purpofc*.

Cap. 74. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an alt, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Lobcombe corner, in the parifti of Winterflow, to fiarnbam Bridge, in the county of Wilts \ and from the weft Corner of Saint Anne's Streef, in the city of New Sarum, to the parifhes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing; and from Landford a-fbrefaid, through Ower and Tejlwoody to Ealing aforefaid, in t the county of Southampton 5. andt for repairing and widening the road from the Rumfey and Ringwood turnpike road, near the houfe of Francis Fry% to Liniburjl; and from a place called Hampton Ford\ to Lamb's Corner, in the faid county of Southampton; and for repairing the footways within the faid city.

Cap. 75. For making a navigable cut or canal from the river Dee, within the liberties of the city of Cbejlery to or near Middle-ivieh and Nantwicby in the county of Cbejler.

Cap. 76. For enlarging the term and powers of an alt for repairing and widening the road from the city of Norwich tp Scole-bridge > iri the county'of Norfolk.

Cap, 77. To amend an alt of the fixtl> year of the reign of his .preterit Majefty, M for repairing and widening tfie ftone f' bridge, in the town of Shrewfbury and for appropriating part of the tolls collelted upon certain roads leading to the faia bridge towards finilhing the fame ; and for granting additional 4crms to the ftveral alts for repairing the faid roads.

....	'	Cap. 78.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap.78. For repairing and widening feveral roads fromAl-iermofim, in the county of Berts, to Bafingfioke, and from Al~ hrmaflm aforefaid to the turnpike road from Bafingfioke to Andover, at or near Worting, and to the turnpike road leading to Wiubefier at Popbam Lane, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 79. For the more effectual affefling and collecting of the rates for relief of the poor in the parifh of Saint Botolpb, Bifbopf-in the liberties of the city of London.

Cap. 80. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging thepowers of an a St, made in the tenth year of his prefent Majfe-fiy, for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Bury Saint Edmunds to the town of Newmarket, in the counties of Sufilk and Cambridge; and from the fouth end of the Ferry-Stmt, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds3 in the faid county of SttftiL •

Cap. 81. An adf to explain and amend an a£t, made in the twenty-third year of the; reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, for improving the navigation of the river Loyne, o-therwife called Lune, and for building a quay or wharf near the town of Lancafter, in the county palatine or Lancajler.

Cap. 82. For repairing and widening feveral roads leading through the county of Lanerl, and for building a bridge ovef the river Clyde, at or near a place called the Howford, in the faid county.

Cap. 83. To continue and render more effeftual an a& paired in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing the road from the North Queen's Ferry, through the towns of Inverkgitbing and Kinrofs, to the town of Perth; and alio the road from the faid Queen's Ferry to the towns of Dum-firmline, Torryburn, and Culrofs\ and alfo the road from the faid Queens Ferry, through fnverkeithing, to Bruntijland, and KirOdie.

Cap. 84. To continue and render more efFe&ual feveral afts for repairing the roads from the parilh of Enfield* in the county of Mddlefex, to the town of Hertford, and other roads in the faid a£b mentioned; and alfo for repairing the road from the end of the town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the hid county of Hertford.

Cap. 85. For repairing and widening the road from the end of the prefent turnpike* road from BeJjelfieigh to Hunger ford, in the county of Berks, to Ledford, other wife Soupy Water, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 86. For enlarging the term and powers of an a<5t, pafled in the feond year of his prefent Majefty*s reign, for repairing, widening, and altering feveral roads leading from Tavfiock to Btymtutb, ?nd other places in the county of Devon; and for repairing and widening the road from the guildhall in Tavifiock a-forefaid, through Afattbny-Jlreet and Lower Brock-Jlreet, to Cbcrrjbrook, and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Calling-ten turnpike road to Morwellham and New Quay, in the faid cpymy,

pap.87.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 87. For building a bridge croft the river	from Greet

Oufebarn to /flduierk, in the county of

Cap. 88. To continue and render more effectual two feveral afts for repairing the roads leading from the town of Manthefler, in the county of Laneafier, through the town of	under

Unit and parUh of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter’s Brick, in the county palatine of Cbefitr.

Cap. 89. To continue and render more effectual (event aft* for repairing the highways between	and	Hocillfft,	in

the county of Bedford-, and from the fign of the Whitt to the fign of the King’s Arms in Hetkliffe aforefaid; and alfo for making provifion for the more effectual repairing the road leading from the fign of the Waggon and	to	the	Bull	Im in

.	Dunjlableafore (aid.

Cap. 90. For repairing and widening the road from the weft end of Saint Ives Lane, in- the town of Saint Neats, in the county of	Huntingdon,to the pavement at the end of Bell ,in

the town of Cambridge.

Cap. 91. For repairing and widening the rood the veick road near Solihull, to the guide port in	;	and

(from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforefaid road on BalfaU Commit, |n the county of Warwick.

Cap. 93. To continue, amend* and render more effefttxd, an aft pailed in the feventh year of .the reign of his prefent Majcfty, for repairing the roads from Tunbridge	m	the	county	of

Kent-, to Swift's Den, in the parifh of Ettbingham, and from

Frantto Pofjingwortb Great Wood, adjoining to the turnpike road there, leading loBlaci Boys, in the county of Suffer.

Cap. 93. For repairing and widening the toad from the turnpike at Reedy Gate, in the parilfr of Dunsfori, in the county of Devon, to Cherrybreoji, ip the foreft of	in the

{aid county.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening fcveral roads leading to, througlv, and from the town of Frome, in the county of	j and feveral	Other

roads in the counties of Somerfet and Writs.

Cap. 95. For repairing and amending the road from Beerfreet Gates, in the city of Norwich, to New Buekenbam, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 96. For repairing, widening, and keeping in repair the road from Burlton, in the county of	through	to

Llanymynteh,in the fame county, and from	to	the	eaft

end of the Llanriader road, and frotatt Place Carrirf Lane to the turnpike road from	Llanymynecb to Qfwtftry near Coid	Moun-

tain, and from Ofwejlry turnpike road on Knotkin Heath, to the .eaft end of Knockin Lane.

Cap. 97. For repairing and widening the roads from the confines of the county of Berwick, at or near	Walls	to

Compton's Lanes, and Eymcutb, and from the town of Eedes to

Eyrrioutb, and froth	Wbitelaw Muir to Compton's Lanes, in	the

• county of Berwidt.	1

,	Cap.	98;

A TA BLE of th? STATUTES,

Cap. 98. For repairing and widening the road leading from the eaft end of the bridge acrofs the river Ouze, in Downbam Market, to the Sfyeen's Head; and from the Chequer Inn, in Dnunbm Market aforefaid, to the eaft end of the Two Aple Clofe* in the parifh of Barton, and towards Watlon, to a place called Tit Devils Ditch, in the county of Norfolk $ and far flopping up the road leading from Stradfel\ through Barton Layes, toward* W&tim,

Cap. 99. R>r enlarging the term and powers of two adls. made in the twenty-fixth and twenty-ninth years of the reign or hi$ late majefty Kipg George the Second, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the parishes of Saint Luke andSqiftt Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex.	\	% k

Cap. 100. For building a temporary bridge over the river Tjne* between the town of Nevocajlle upon Tyne and Gaiejbead> in the county of Durham.

Cap. 101. To continue the term, and vary the powers, qf fa much of an adl, made in the twejity-firft year or tbe reign of bis late Majefty, for repairing the road from SyUot) Coldfield Com-and feveral other roads, therein deferibed, in the county of Stcfsrd, as rerates to the Wolverhampton, difttidl of roads.

Cap. 102. For repealing certain provijions in two of par-? foment, fo far as the Came relate .tq repairing the highways irk tbe parifh of Saint Mary Maifeloh, otberwife Whitechapel, in tho county of Middlefitx i and for railing money for repairing tho; laid highways.	r

Cap. 103. For the better pfefervation of theg^qat baqk of the^ hmlVelknd, from Spalding High Bridge, through Cowl ft, Pea-liil^ QroutkutL and PeakirJL, ai^ for, makingai^ keeping in repair a road thereon, and from thence to the village of Glenton* in the counties of Lincoln and Northampton.

Cap. 104. To explain and amend an adl of the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending and widening the road from Bejleifleigb, through Wantage to Hunger/ord, in the county of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the county oi Wilts; and from the turnpike road between Reading and Wattingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to The Old Red HouJe^ upon Wantage Dawns* and from thence to Lambourh, in tb* (aid county of Berks.

Cap. 105. For amending, widening, and altering the ro^d*, leading from Criclhowel, in the county of Brecon, to the Crofs. Hordi, beyond New Inn, in the turnpike road between the city of Hereford and R°fh and from a place called The Lower Cuffs Wajs, in tbe parifh of Saint Maughans, to the town of Grofo ymnt, in the county of Monmouth; and from a fmith’s (hop at Stonten, in the parifh of Llanvihangell, to Chapel a Fine, in the fane county; and from the turnpike road, in the parifh of, V/djb Newton, in the county of Hereford, to Ponttanajl% in the parifh of Cluddoci, in the faid.county.

Cap. 106.. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of fo much of two a#s, made in the twenty-fixth and, f	twenty-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fcwenty-feventh years of King George the Second, for repairing' feveral roads leading into the city of Glafgow, as relates to that part of the road from the city of Glafgow to the town of Dumbarton, which leads through the county to the town of Dumbarton*

Cap. 107. For repairing and widening the road from the forty-eight mile-done, in the parKh of Cardington, in the prefent turnpike road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barjord Bridge; and for continuing a road from thence to the great northern road, near Temsford Bridge, in the county of Bedford.

Cap. 108. For repairing and widening the roads from Sheet Bridge to Portfmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton turnpike road, near Ropjey, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 109. For making and keeping in repair a road or paflage for horfes, on the banks of the river Severn, between Bezud/ey Bridge and a place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrookdale, for haling and drawing veflcls along the faid river $ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. no. For enlarging the terms and powers of two ads, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George theFirft, and the twenty-firft year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing tne feveral roads leading from Birmingham, through the town of Wednejhury, to a place called High BuUen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the end of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the townfiup of Bilfon; and from Greet Bridge, through Dudley, to King Swinford $ and to the further end of Brittel Lane, in the counties ot Warwick, Stafford, and Wortejler.

"1 - * 1 ------------ %

PRIVATE ACTS.

1,	A Nafl for naturalizing Diederick Mtyerbojf,

A 2. An act for naturalizing John Pool.

3.	An act for naturalizing John Henry Gentil.

4.	An act for naturalizing Francis Darius Laudumiey.

5.	An act for dividing and inclpfing the open common fields* meadows, and wade grounds, within the manor and parifh of North Crawley, in the county of Bucks.

6.	An act for dividing.and inclofing feveral open fields and Wafte grounds, within the manor of Claret on with Coney fir op, and a piece of wafte ground, called Shortfill, in the manor of AUor-ton with Flaxby, all in the county ot York.

7.	An adl to enable Henry Peyton efquirc, (lately called Henry Dajhwood,) and his ifluc, toufe the furoatne and arms of Peyton* purfuant to the will of fir Thomas Peyton, baronet, deceafcd.

8.	An adt for naturalizing Peter fewis Dt let Rive, and Francis' Men et.

9.	An act for naturalizing fames Samttfl Jequier.

10.	An act for fale of a capital* freehold mefifuage in Saint James9 Square, in the county of Middlefcx, part of the entailed eftate of the right hopourable Allen lord Batburft, untq fir Wat-

kin

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

ha Williams Wynne, baronet, purfuant to an agreement; and for fettling an eftatc in the county of Northampton, of gifetter value, kilieu thereof.

11.	An ad for annulling and making void certain articles of agreement, made previous and in order to the marriage of Gary Wilfon efquire, and Anno Sybellehis now wife, and fhd fettlcmenc made after their marriage, in purfuance of the faidt ankles, in confirmation of a decree and order of the high court of chancery.

12.	An ad for eftablifliing and regulating a charity, called Ftxlej Charity, in the county of Northampton, founded by lady Catharine Levefon.

13.	An ad for inclofing the common fields, break lands, half-year lands, lammas meadows, heaths, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifti of Roudbam, in the county of Norfolk.

14.	An ad for' dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields and commonable places, in the parifti of Skeffington, and county, of Leicejier.

15.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the common fields, half-year inclofures, and commons, and wafte lands, within the parifti of Fintbam, in the county of Norfolk.

16.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and wafte grounds within the manor of Great Ormftde, in the parifti of Ormfide, in the county of Wefimoreland.

17.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the commons, and wafte lands and grounds, in the townfhip of Scafmortb, in tho county of Nottingham.

18.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the manor and parifti of Woolley, in the county of Huntingdon.

19.	An ad for allotting, dividing and inclofing, the open and common fields, and common or commonable meadows, paftures, lands and grounds, and common or wafte land, of and within the manor of Little Kington, Combrooke apd Bpqkhamptoir, in the county of Warwick.

20.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the ieveral moors, or commons, called Rigg Moor and Brearton Moor, within the minor of Brearton, in the parilh of Knartjborough, in the'eoun? ty of York.

21.	An ad for dividing apt] inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the hamlet of Defbanger, in the parifh of Pajfenbam, in the county of Northampton,

22.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable places, in the parifti of Handborougb, in the county of Oxford.

23.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor and liberties of Salbuij, with the hamlet of HqUindqtt^ in the county of Bucks*

24, An

A TAfeLE of the STATUTES.

/ .

24.	An act for dividing and inclofing the feveral commons Sind wade grounds, within the manor of Rujbton James, in the parifh of Lrri, in the county of Stafford.

25.	An act for dividing and inclofing certain open common fields, ings, common paftures, and other commonable lands, within the manor of Moorby atm JVilkfbj% in the townftups of Moorby and Wiltfby^ in the county of Lincoln.

26.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common and wafte grounds, and (tinted patturc, within the manor of Sandford, in the parifh of War copy in the county of Weftmoreland.

27.	An act for dividing and inclofing the feveral commons and watte grounds, within the liberty of Buxton, in the parifh of BaktwtUy and county of Derby.

28.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the common fields, within the parifh of Mantony in the county of Rutland.

29.	An a ft for dividing and inclofing the open fields, and dommonable places, in the parifh, lordfhip, or liberties, of Low Toyntony in the county of Lincoln.

30.	An act for dividing and inclofing a certain open and common field, and commonable lands in the townlhip, liberties, and precinfts, of Epwell, in the county of Oxford\

31.	An act for dividing, inclofing, and allotting, the open

common fields, commonable lands, and meadow ground, within the manor and parifh of Great Farringdon9 in the county of Berks.	-	'

32.	-An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and other commonable meadows, paftures, and grounds, within the parifh pf Cavenbam, in the county of Suffolk.

33.	An act for dividing and inclofing certain open fields, moors, and common paftures, in the lordthip of Middle Raifm, ia the county of Lincoln.

34.	An act for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields and wafte grounds, within the townfhip of FoUifooty in the county of York.

35.	An act for dividing and inclofing all the open fields, meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands, in the liberties of Stainbyy in the county of Lincoln.

. 36. An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and cbiriirionable lands, within the parifh of Qfintariy in the county of Glouceftery '37' An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and all other commonable lands, within the precinfts of the hamlet of Tbrockmortony in the county of Wbrcejier.

38. An act for dividing and inclofing the open common arable fields, and the common meadows, pafture grounds, commons, and wafte grounds, within the townfhips of Pollings Babiy lVhitley% and IPbitley Thorpe, Great Hecky and Little Hecky in the parifhes of Snaiih and Kellingtony in the county of York.

_ 39’. An act for dividing and inclofiog the open aftd common - fields, in the parifh of Hammeringhanty in thq.fiounty of Lincoln.

40. An act for dividing and inclofing all the open fields,

xnea«

A f ABLE of the $f AfUTEiS.

meadows, common pafturcs, and other commonable lands, in the liberties of Stapleford* in the county of LeiceJUr.

41.	An act for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, and commonable lands, within the parifh of Kemerton% in the county of Glottcefter.

42.	An act for dividing and indofing a moor, called Carlton or Common, and an open Geld, called the Town Field, m

the manor and town (hip of Carlton% in the parifh of Guifely, in the weft riding of the county of York.

4} An aft to diflolve the marriage of the right honourable Eiwri vifcount Ligonier with Penelope Pitt; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

44.	An aft to diflolve the marriage of fir John Colleton, baronet, with Ann Fullford, his now wife ; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes rherein mentioned.

45.	An aft to diflolve the marriage of Hugh Leivis with Sufaq-nob Hole, otherwife Health his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

46.	An aft to diflolve the marriage of Ambrofe Godfrey, Hand* viitZy with Dorothy AJbcroft, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

47.	An act for making the exemplification of the laft will and teftament of James Macartney efquire, deceafed, evidence in all the courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

48.	An aft to enable Mary and William Hutton, and the other peifons therein deferibed, to take and ufe the furname, arms, and creft, of Longy purfuant to the will of James Long> deceafed.

49.	An aft to enable Reginald Pole, efquire, to take, ufe, and bear, the furname and arms of Carew9 purfuant to the will of fir Coventry Carew, baronet, deceafed.

50.	An act for naturalizing Arnold Meyer % Peter Boetefeur% John GottkelfJ Rucker > and John Adam Guth.

51.	An act for naturalizing/^* Luke Ifelin.

52.	Aif aft for naturalizing Conrad Rucker.

53.	An act for railing out of the eftates, late of Ann Nugent, deceafed, the fum of ro,ooo/. for the benefit of the right honourable Robert Craggs9 lord vifcount Clare y in the kingdom of Ireland, her late hulband 5 and for raifing out of the eftates, late of Eliza-tnbEWoty deceafed the like fum of 10,0001. for the benefit of Eiword Elliot efquire, in recompence and fatisfaftion to the faid Robert lord vifcount Clare and Edward Elliot, for their feveralJy confirming to give up and relinquish certain powers of leafing for lives, or years determinable on lives, referved to them re-fpeftively, in and by the feveral laft wills of them the faid Ann Xtiftnt and Elizabeth Elliot, and the fettlements which have been made in purfuance thereof; and for vacating, annulling, and utingwfhing, the faid powers of leafing; and for other the pur-pofes therein exprefled.

54.	An a£ for granting to William Jones efquire, on certain contingencies therein mentioned, a term for ninety- nine years, if he (hall fo long live, in the real eftates, late of William Jesus

efquire.

a f able of the Statutes*

efquire, deceafed, in the feveral counties of Wilts and Berts, up* on fuch terms as are therein tnentionedw

55.	An ad for veiling certain lands and tenements, in the county of Southampton* late the eftate of John Mills efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold j and for applying the money arifing from the fale thereof towards difch*rging his debts and legacies.

56.	An ad for veiling the freehold and leafehold eftates of jidward Holden Cruttenllen, efquire, deceafed, in the pariQies of Putney and Roebamptoni in the county of Surrey, id truftees for the purpofes therein mentioned.

57.	An ad to amend and enlarge the powers and authorities given to George Piefcbi Heneage efquire, by an ad, made in the tenth year of the reign.of his prefent Majelly intituled “An act for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields and grounds within the parilh of Benniworth, in the county of Lincoln” to charge certain lands and hereditaments, parcel of the manor of Benniworth, in the county of Lincoln, of which he it now Arid tenant for life, with a Certain fumof money, for reim-burfiog to him the expences which he has been at in the in-clofing the fame; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

58.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, commons, and common grounds, within the hamlet of Barleytborpe, in the parilh of Oakham, in the county of Rutland.

59.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and wade lands, within the manor and parilh of Kingfnorton, in the county of Worccjler.

60.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields, meadow, pafture, common, and walle grounds, within the liberties of Ockbrook, in the county of Derby.

61.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open fields, lands, and walle grounds, within the townlhip of Welton, in the call riding of the county of York.

62.	An ad for dividing, inclofing, and draining, a Certain parcel of land, called or known by the name of The Cotv Paflun, lying in the fouth fen, in the psirifh of Bourn> in the county of Lincoln; and for amending and rendering more effedual an aft, made in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, C€ An ad for allotting, dividing, inclofing, and draining, feveral open and common fields, meadows, walle and fen grounds, within the manor and parilh of Bourn, in the county of Lincoln?

63.	An ad for dividing, and inclofing the feveral open fields, lands, and grounds, within the townlhip of SiggleJihornCy in Holdernefs, in the eall riding of the county of York.

64.	An ad for draining the low grounds and carrs, lying in the feveral parilhes, town (hips, and places, of Key\nghams Key-ingham Marjh, Ryhill, and Camerton, BurJl wick, and Shecklingi Burton Piijeay and Ridgmont, Ottringbanty Haljham, Owjlwick, Roofs, Rimfwell, Tunjlall, IVaxholme, EIJienwick, Lelley, Humble-ten, Fitling, Hiljion, Carton, Albrough, Flinton, arid Tanfitrnt, within the feigntory of Holdernefsy and eaft riding of the county ©f York•

6j. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

65.	An ad for dividing and inclofing fuch part of the coot* mons and wafle lands, in the parifti ot Tardehigg as lies m the county of Worcefier.

66.	An ad tor allotting, dividing, and inclofing the open and common fields, and common or commonable meadows^ pafuires, lands, and grounds, and common or wafte land, within the parifh of Saint Nicholas, in the manor of Warwicht in the county of Warwick.

67.	An ad for dividing, allotting, *and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and commons, *i:hin the manor, parifh, andliberties of Bampton in the county of Huntingdon.

68.	An ad to confirm and eflablilh an indenture of agreement, for dividing and inclofing feveral fields, lands, and grounds, in the manor and parifh of Gnat Paunton, in the county of Lincoln % and for dividing and inclofing feveral other common fields, heath* and wafle grounds, in the fame manor and parifh.

69.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the townihip and parifh of Wilton, in the county of Lincoln.

70.	An ad for inclofing the open common fields* and a common of pafture, and other commonable lands and wade grounds* in the manors and parifhes of Kimble and Pool, in the county of Wilts,

71.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open fields, lailds^ and grounds, in the lordfhip of Wifi Halton, in the county of

Lincoln.

72.	An ad to diflolve the marriage of Richard Draper with Elizabeth Hartnell^ his now wife; and to enable him to marry again j and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

73.	An ad to diflolve the marriage of William Siinn with Ann Shinn, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again $ and lor other purpofes theftin mentioned.

74.	An ad for naturalizing Henry Fronds Sellon.

75.	An ad for naturalizing John Boufquet.

76.	An ad for naturalizing John Louis Lauder.

77.	An ad for naturalizing Jaquts Louis Pourtalis,

78; An ad for veiling in the mofl noble Augufius Henry dubs of Grafton, and his heirs, the manor, or reputed manor, and redory and parfonage appropriate,	Pott erfpury, otherwife Eofi-

fury, in the county of Northampton, (except the prefentation to the advowfon of the church there,) and certain mefliiages, lands, tithes, and hereditaments, fituate and arifing in the fame county, the eftate of Robert Bryiges, efquirc, a lunatic; and for veiling in Thomas Hancox efquire, and his heirs, a certain wood and wood land, called Dartvell otherwife Dotvel Wood, in the county of Ghucefler, alfo the ellate of the faid lunatic, on payment, by the faid duke and Thomas Hancox, of their refpedive purchase money, in fuch manner, and for fuch purpofes, as in the faid ad is mentioned.	~	1

79. An ad for veiling the legal eftate apd intereft of and in VoL. XXIX,	b	ccr-

A TABLE of the STATUTES..

certain freehold hods at Adderbury, in the county of Oxford, now Vetted in Charles Tewnjbend ciquire, an infant truttee, in the mod noble Hoary duke of Buttleugb \and his heirs, and in certain copyhold lands in Kenneth Mackenzie efquire, and his heirs, ii\ truft for the faid duke, and his heirs.

8o» An ato enable the right honourable John earl of with,and the honourable John Mcommonly called lord vifcount	Hinthinbrook,and the furvivor of them, to grant leafes

Of the counted of Semdwidfs moiety of ettates in the counties of Ardmagb and	Limerick, in the kingdom	of Ireland.

81.	An a<ft to impower certain perfons to enfranchife feveral

cuttomary lands and hereditaments, parcel of the feveral manors pf	Brampton, Far lam. Upper	Denton, Nether , -

thing ton, Laver (dale. Newly,	AJkerton,Warttn, Wood,

fiayton turn	trttton,	CarkttonCefile, Cumrew, Bktckenth-

ptaite, and	Newbiggen, within the barony, or.reputed barony-of

Gilfland, in the county of Cumberland, late the .eftate of Henry

pari.of CarUfie, deeeaied, and fettled to certain ufes by the will pf the faid Henry earl of Car life; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

82.	An aft'for.vefting in fir GeoColebrooke baronet, and his

heirs, fo much of the manor or lord (hip of Stebunbeatb, otherwise Stebmbitb ,otherwife. Stepney, in the county of	part	of

the ettate of the faid fir George Colebrooke, as is limited and fettled In aaid.by an aft of parliament; which patted in the fecond year pf the reign of his prefent majetty King George the Third; and for fettling other lands and hereditaments in lieu thereof; and *lfo for vetting other fettled ettates of the faid fir George Colebrooke,

In the counties of Midilefex «nd Surrey, in truftees, for the purpofes therein mentioned.

■ 83. An aft to enable truftees, with the confent of the perfons claiming under the-will of Edward	efquire, to cut down

and fell timber, upon the fettled ettates of the faid	Shelley,

In the county of Suffix; and to inveft the-monies arifing therefrom in the purchafe of lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the ufes of the faid will, and other purpofes.

84. An. aft to enable the governors, and afliftantsto the faid governors, in the rule and government of the faid pofleffions, revenues, and goods, of the free grammar fchool of Elizabeth •queen of England, in the town of AJbeburne, in the county of Derby, in their corporate capacity; and the faid governors and sffiftants, as truftees of fix ahn-houfes in AJbeburne aforefaid, .founded and endowed by Cbrifiepber Pegg efquire, deceafed ; to convey certain lands and pofieflions of the faid fchool and alms-iboufes refpeftiveiy, in the parilhes of	and	,

• in the faid county, to Henry Gladwin, of	in the faid

county, efquire, in exchange for other lands, in. the parifti of . Brailtford, in the faid county, of greater value, to be conveyed to, and held by them refpeftiveiy, to the ufes, and upon the trutts, therein mentioned.

.* 85. An act for impowering and enabling the truftees named in 3	the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the fettlement made on the marriage of Daniil Danvers efquire, and Mery bis wife, or the furvivors or forvivor of them, or the heirs of fuch furvivor, to make fate of certain leafehold eftate*, vefted in them upon divers trufts, mentioned in the faid fettle* went j and to lay out the money arifing from fuch file in the purchase of other eftates, to be fettled in fuch manner as the faid JealeboJd eftates (land fettled.

86.	An ad for veiling.a mefluage, with the appurtenances, in

LtMury, within 4he city of Lenden in truftees, to be fold; and

fcrpurchafing another mefluage, or lands, to be fettled to the like ufes.

87.	An a (ft. for veiling the fettled eftate of IVtiliam Relied efquire, in the county of Hertford, in truftees, in truft.to fell and convey the lame to James King efquire, and bis heirs, purfnant to an agreement for that purpofe; and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands and heredity ments, to be fettled in lieu thereof to the fame ufes.

88.	An a& for enabling Henry Blundell efquire, tenant for life onder fettlement, to carry into execution articles of agreement between him and the right honourable the earl of Sefton, for the' exchange of divers, meffuages, lands, and hereditaments, com-prifed in fuch fettlement, for other meftuages, lands, and here-d,laments of the laid earl j and for other purpofes therein mentioned. .

89.	An ad to enable the guardians of the infant children of the honourable Mary Sandy:,dcceafed, to make leafes of. their fettled eftates in England and Ireland, during their refpedive minorities. ■

90.	An ad to enable the truftees of the eftate of Henry Smith

efquire, deceafed, to apply certain fums of money to the relief of bis poor kindred, and to enable the laid truftees to grant building leafes of an eftate, in the parifhes of	Chtlfta, and Saint

Mertin in the Fields, in the county of Middltfcx.

91.	An ad to impower William Hulten efquire, to charge hie fettled eftates in the county of Lantajitr, or feme parts thereof, with one tboufand two hundred pounds, and three thousand pounds, for the purpofes therein mentioned ; and alfo to grant leafes of certain pans of his faid eftates.

92.	An ad for veftfng the manors, lands, and tenements, both freehold and leafehold, comprifed in the marriage fettle* ment of Charles Baldwyn efquire, in truftees to be fold ; and for laying out the money ariiing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes which are now foblifting with regard to the faid freehold fettled eftate.

91 An ad for veiling the fettled eftates, and unfettled eftates, of Jtlm Gardner Korneys efquire, in truftees, in truft, by fale, or mortgage, to raife money to pay off portions and debts, and redeem annuities charged upon and affeding the fame; and for re-fettling the remainder thereof, and the lands to be purchafed v in the laid ad is direded, to the ufes to which the Aid fettled (to do now Hand fettled and limited*

ba	94* Aa

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

94.	An ad to veft in the truftees named in the will of Francis Baffet efquire, deceafed, foch like powers of leafing and granting fctts of, and on, the eftates comprifcd in the fettlement made upon the marriage of John Pendarves Baffet efquire, deceafed, as •by the faid fettlement were given to the truftees therein named.

95.	An ad for vefting part of the eftates late of Elizabeth Pearce, widow, deceafed, and •William Hall efquire, otherwife Pearce, her eldeft fon, in truftees, to be fold, for payment of the portions of her younger children, and other incumbrances ; and for fettling other part of her eftates to the fame ufes j and for other purpofes.

96.	An ad for making a partition of divers manors, meftuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the feveral counties of Norfolky Suffolky EfftXy Surrey, and MiddlefeXy and in the city of London ; pnd of four-fifth parts dr (hares of a plantation in the ifland of Barbadoesy in the Wejl Indies $ and of two (hares in the New River water-works 5 arid of an annual rent of one thoufand pounds ifluing out of the revenues of the poft office, devifed by the will of Thomas Walker efquire, deceafed ; and alfo of a manor and divers meftuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the feveral counties of Suffolk, Effex, and Gloucejler, cotnprifed in the fettle-tnents executed upon the marriage of Stephen Skynner efquire, deceafed ; and alfo of divers meftuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the feveral counties of Suffolk, Effexy and Surrey, devifed by the will of the faid Stephen okynner, between the feveral perfons intitled to the faid eftates, according to their refpedive interefts I therein.

97.	An ad for dividing and indofing the commons and wafte grounds, withfn the pari(h and manor of Stoke Prior, in the county of Worcefter.

98.	An ad for dividing, inclofing, and allotting, the open fields, commpn paftures, and other uninclofed grounds, within the townftiip of* Would Newton* in the eaft riding of the county of York,

99.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, in the pariflt of Gumley, in the couaty of

Lxicefler.

100.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and commonable lands, in the liberties, territories, and precinds, of AJirop, in the parities of King Sutton and Newbottle, in the county of Northampton.

toi. An ad" for dividing and indofing the open common fields, commons, and wafte lands, and a (tinted pafture, called 'The Cow Paflurty in the parifti of Ackworthy in the county of York.

* ioa. An ad for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and draining the open fields, common paftures, and moors or commons, in the townftiip and parifti of Terringtony in the north riding of the county of York.

103.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, commpn meadows, and common and

wafte

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

wafte grounds, within the manor and pariih of Heath, other wife ii’t.'/ii, in the county of Oxford, and for exonerating certain lands belonging to William Fermtr efqoire, from tithes and right of common.

104.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common fields and commonable lands, within the pariih of , in the county

of Warwick.

105.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open common meadow grounds, and other commonable lands, within

the pariih of Thorpe Achurtb,in the county of Northampton.

106.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in AUomndle, in the county of Northampton.

107.	An act for dividing and inclofing feveral open and com-

mon fields, common meadows, grounds, common paftures, and other commonable places, in the townihip of Blackley, and hamlets of Draycot and	Paxftrd, in the pariih of	, and county

of Wtnefier.

108.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common

fields, downs, and commonable lands, within the manor and pariih of	Eafileacb Towrville,in the county of

109.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, and. other commonable lands and waits grounds, within the pariih and manor of Kings Ripton, in the county of Huntingdon.

no. An act for dividing allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, lands, and wafte grounds, of, within, and belonging to the manor? pariih, ana liberties of Wing, in the county of Rutland.

111.	Ad aft for dividing and inclofing the common fen, and certain other commonable places and open fields, within the pariih of Kirton, in the parts of Hollain the county of Lincoln.

112.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fen, open fields, and certain other commonable places, belonging to, and in the pariih of Wigteft, in the county of Lincoln.

113.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fep, common marih, and other commonable places, within the pariih of SutlerUn,- in the county of Lincoln.

114.	An act for dividing and inclofing a certain moor or com-

mon, called Hamfteels Moor, within the pariih and manor of han-ehtfier,in the county palatine of Durham.	<

115.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, common paftures, and wafte grounds, in the pariih of iMihm, in the county of Nottingham.

116.	An ad to difiolve the marriage of George Collier efquire, with Cbriftiana Gwyn his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

117.	An ad for naturalizing Frederick Cazenove.

118.	An ad for naturalizing Paul Pour tales and Francis Gabriel, Charles Muller.

I iq. An aft to enable the moft noble William duke of	-

7	fore

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Jhire to grant reverflonary leafes of his leafchold edate, m the parifh of Saint James, Wejlminjlery in the county of MiddUfex.

• 120. An act for difcharging divers manors, reftorics, advow-fons, mefluages, lands, tythes, rents, and hereditaments, part of the edate of the right honourable John earl Spencer, comprifcd in, and fettled by the lad will and tedament, and codicil thereto, of the mod noble Sarah late duchefs dowager of Marlborough, deceafed, and by certain conveyances executed in purfuance thereof, from the ufes and trufts declared by the laid will, codicil, and conveyances; and for fettliug other manors, reftorics, advowfons, mefluages, lands, tenements, tythes, and hereditaments, of greater value, in lieu thereof, to tne like ufes,

121.	An act for veiling the manor of Eajl Lavant, and divers mefluages and lands, with the appurtenances, in the county of Suffix, intailed by the will cf the right honourable Mary late countefs dowager of Derby, deceafed, in trudees, to be fold; and for purchafing other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the like ufes.

122.	An aft to ved in trudees, to be fold, certain edates, in the counties of York, Wefmoreland, and Lancajler, which belonged to Ann Fenwick, widow, before her intermarriage; and for the relief of the faid Ann Fenwick, in fuch manner as in the faid aft is mentioned.

123.	An act for veding certain freehold and copyhold hereditaments in JVeeting, in the county of Norfolk, pan of the fettled edate of Philip Champion Crefpigny efquire, in trudees, to be fold; and for laying out the money to arife by fale thereof in the pur-diafe of other lands, and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame tiles as faid premifes in Weeting now ft and limited.

124.	An act for veding certain edates, belonging to the drapers company of the city of London, in the governor and company of the bank of England, freed and difeharged from certain charities, to which the fame are fubjeft; and for veding other edates, belonging to the faid governor and company of the bank, in the faid company of drapers, fubjeft to the before-mentioned charities,

125.	An aft to ved in\ Walter Lloyd efquire, and others, a fmail quantity of ground, parcel of the glebe of the reftory of Maner-divyr in the county of Pembroke, in conlideration of a certain yearly rent thereby fecured, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

226. An act for the file of certain mefluages, tenements, lands, hereditaments, and premifes, in theparilh of Saint George the Martyr, and borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, part of the fettled edate of John Bullock efquire, and Elizabeth his wife, and for laying out the money arifing by fale thereof in the purchafe of other edates, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

127.	An aft to enable John Rolls efquire, and Judith Maria Walroni\ fpinder, to make fettlcments on the marriage intended between them, notwithftanding their refpeftive minorities.

128.	An act for veding the fettled ddates of Humphry Minchin cfipiire, in the county ot Tipperary9 in the kingdom of Ireland,

in

A TABLE of the STATUTES!.

m truftees, to fell the fame; and for laying out the money arifing thereby in the purchafe of other'eftates, in that part of Great Britain called England, or in the principality of Wales* to be fettled to the fame ufes.

129.	An ad for veiling in tryftees certain eftates, iituate in the counties of Kent and Surrey^ upon truft, to fell and difpofe of the fame, and invert the monies arifing thereby in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled to fuch of thtfufes, of the will of William Wad* deceafed, as are now fubfifting.

130.	An ad for fale of one undivided fourth-part of the landa of Innerleitb* lying in the county of Edinburgh, and of one undivided fourth partrf>f the lands of Darmhejler, in the county of Berwick* being parts of the entailed eftate t>f colonel Jame* Catcbcarty deceafed * and for purchafing other lands, and eftates, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, upon the fame perfons, and to thq like ufes and purpofes.

131.	An ad for giving further powers to the truftees named in a certain ad of parliament, made in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, “ An ad to impower thp 14 truftees of the will of the late general Pulteney, and other truf-41 tees appointed by this ad, to purchafe and exchange lands 44 and grounds, in the manor of Bathwick, in the county of 44 Senurfety for the purpofe of making certain roads and ways tp 14 and from a free bridge by them intended to be built over the 14 river Avon* in the faid county ; and alfo to impower the per-44 Tons in pofleftion of the faid eftate, for the time being, under 44 the laid will, to grant leafes of certain lands and houfes in the 44 faid manor; and likewife to enable the faid truftees to grant 41 certain grounds and fprings of water, within the faid manor 14 of Bathwick* to the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Bath $

14 and for extending the jurifdidion of the faid mayor, alder-44 men, and citizens, over part of the faid manor of Bathwick ;

44 and for other purpofes therein mentioned ;w and for enlarging the powers of leafing given by the faid ad to the perfons therein named; and for other purpofes.

132.	An ad for reinvefting divers manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fituate and being in the county . of S/afird* late the eftate of Robert Barbor, deceafed, in the feve-

ral perfons now m being, and for fuch eftates, as they are feve* rally intitled under the will of the faid Robert Barbor; and for enabling James Mayo and Charles Mayo to join ip fuch conveyances as mall be neceflary for thofe purpofes.

133.	An ad to impower James Batfin and Edward Buckley Batjon efquires, teftamentary guardians of the perfon and eftate of Edward Pery Buckley, an infant, to grant leafes of the eftate of Pery Buckley efquire, deceafed.

134.	An ad for veiling a meffuage, called Kighfield Houfe, and divers lands, with the appurtenances, in the county of Gloucefiert the fettled eftates of Benjamin Jafon Parrott efquire, in truftees, to be fold and conveyed as therein mentioned; and for laying out the money arifing by fuch Tale' in the purchafe of other lapis and hereditaments, to be fettled to the like ufes,

>35 Am

A TABLE of the STATUTES. |

135.	An adt for veiling divers freehold, copyhold, and leafe-hold eftates, late of Edmund Bunting, Elizabeth Bunting, and Tbmlinfoto Bunting, deceafed, in truftees, to be ibid, to raife money, to be applied, under the direction of the court of chan* eery, in payment of the debts, incumbrances, and legacies, charged upon, and affe&ing the fame, and other the purposes therein mentioned.

136.	An ?<£t for dividing and inclofing certain commons and wade grounds, within the manor of Appleby, in the county of WeflmorelauA.

137.	An adt for incloling, dividing, allotting, and improving, certain common woods and moor lands within the borough and parilh of Wigmore, in the county of Hereford.

138.	An adt for dividing and inclofing certain open parcels of arable and pafture grounds, in the manor of Much Wenlock, * otherwife Wenlock Magna, otherwife Great Wenlock, in the county <£ Salop.

139.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds, heath, and wafte grounds, in the parilh of Moulton, In the county of Northampton•

• 140. An fSt for dividing and allotting the common fields, common meadows, downs, and commonable lands, in the feve-ral parifhes of Letcomb Bajfet, otherwife Upper Letcomb, and Cbildrey, in the county of Berks.

14X. An adt for dividing,and inclofing the common and wafte grounds, and open and common fields, within the townfhips or hamlets of Great and Little Stainton Newbiggin, and Great Blen~ tow, in the barony of Greyjiock, in the county of Cumberland.

142* An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and commonable lands, of and within the hamlet and liberties of Charlton, in the parifhes of Newbottle and Kings Sutton, or one of them, in the county of Northampton.

143.’ An adt for dividing and inclofing certain commons, or moors. Within the townlhip of Royjlon, in the county of York.

! 144. An a8t for veiling in William Rujfel, and his heirs, in fee fimple, feveral mefliiages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Worcejler, comprifed in his marriage fettlemcnt, difeharged from the ufes of the faid fettlemcnt; and for fettling other mef-fuages, lands, and hereditaments, of the faid William Rujfel, in the county of Warwick, of greater value, in lieu thereof; and for other the purpofes therein mentioned.

145. An adt for inrolling in the court of chancery in Great Britain an exemplification of the will of Chrijlopher Robinfon late of the colony of Virginia, in America, deceafed, to be made under the provincial feal of the faid colony ; and for making copies of fuch inrolment evidence in Great Britain, for enfranchifing certain copyhold eftates, late the property of the faid Chrtjlophcr Robinfon, in the county of York; and for making fatisfadtiorl to the prebendary of Dunington for the lame \ and for other purpofes,

IKS	The

THE

STAY U T E S at Large*

Annoregrii GE O & GII III. Regis, Mag-nee Britannia, Frantia, & Hibernia, undecimo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weft-minfter, the tenth day of May, Ahno 1768, in the eighth year	of the reign of our -

reign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the J'aiib, &c. Andfrom thence continued by feveral prorogations to the thirteenth day of November, 1770 ;• being the fourth fefjion of the thirteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An til to continue the prohibition of the exportation of corn, groin, meal, four, bread, bifeuit, and ft arch•, and alfo of the extraRion of low wines and fpirits froth wheat and wheat floor, for a further time; and alfo to prohibit the exportation of malt for a limited time.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the exportation of any fort	Preamble.

torn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifcuit, and out cf lit	kingdoms ofOrear Britain or Ireland, Jhould be prohibited for

t further time; be It therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-rituai and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament 2 fern bled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the piffing of this a&, no perfon or perfons whatsoever (hall. No perfon (hall dirrftly or indireflly, export, tranfport, carry, or convey, or export, Sec. i nufeor procure to be exported, tranfporteid, carried, or convey, commodities ed,out of or from the laid kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland; here A>ention-: or load or lay on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid ed, fromGrcat ' onboard, in any (hip or other vcflel, or boat, in order to be ex-	or

ported or carried out of the faid kingdoms of Great Britain or ^re**n®

Inland, any fort of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifcuit, or (larch, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after1 Voi. XXIX.	A	men-

on forfeiture of the fame j

and *os. per bufliel tor all corn, grain.

▼ered.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. i. [1770.

mentioned; that is to fay, That all the laid commodities that (hall be lb exported, (hipped, or laid on board, or loaded to be exported, (hipped,.or carried out, contrary to this ad, (hall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders therein (hall forfeit the fum of twenty nullings for every buihel of com, grain, malti meal, or malt, meal, or flour; and twelve pence for every pound weight e^Th‘f d' nd of bread> bifcuit, or (larch $ and fo in proportion for any greater bread, bifcuit,or quantity which (hall be fo exported, (hipped, or put on or ftarch;	* board to be exported $ and alfo the (hip, boat*,or veflel, upon

and aKbof the which any of the faid commodities (hall be exported, (hipped, or veffcj, &c. laden to be exported, and all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, (halt be forfeited; and one moiety of all the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or. them that will fue for In wbatcourts feme* and for offences which (hall be committed in that the faid penal- Part °f Great Britain called England, fuch penalties and forfei-ties to be fued tures (hall be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or infor-for and reco- (nation, in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record at IVeJUninjler, .or before the juftices of amke, or at the great feflions in JVaUt* or by information, at any general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, city, riding, divjfion, or place, where the offence (hall be committed; and in fuch fuit no efloin, protection, pri-. vilege, or wager of law, (hall be allowed ; and for offences which (hall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland* by aCtion or fummary bill, or information, in the courts of feflions or exchequer in Scotland; and for offences which (hall be committed in Ireland, in his Majesty’s courts of record in Dublin, or at the general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, city, or place, where the offence (hall be committed; and that the matter and mariners of any fuch (hip, boat, or veflel, where--•-7	—■	in any fuch offence (hall be committed, knowing fuch offence,

able to th^’ee anc* w*lt*ngly an^ willingly aiding and aflifting thereunto, and months 1m- being thereof duly convicted in any fuch courts as aforeiaid, (hall prifonment. be imprifoned for the fpace of three months without bail or mainprize.

Office nd	And be }t forther cnaCted by the authority aforefaid. That

other perfons lt foaH an<* maY be lawful to an<l for any perfon or perfons, be-authorifed, ing an officer or officers of the cufloms, or being lawfully authorised in this behalf by the lord high treafurer ofGreat Britain* or the commiflioners of the treafury for the time bpiog, or any may feize any three or more them, to take and feize all fuch of the faid of the faid 7 commodities, not allowed to be exported by this aft, as he or commodities they (hall happen to find, know, or difcover, to be laid on board any (hip, or other veflel, or boat, at fea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpofe to be eXi ported, tranfported, or conveyed, out of Great Britain or Ireland^

Matter and mariners of any fuch vef-

ftiipped, &c. contrary to the intent of this aft |

together with contrary t0 the truc intent of this aft ; and alfo the (hip, veflel, the veflel, or boat, in which the fame (hall be found; and to bring the faid

The goods to Eooc*s to the King’s warehoufe or warehoufes belonging to th< be lodged in cuftomhoufe next to the place where fuch feizures (hall be made •i'*	or to fome other fafe place (where there are no fuch warehoufesj

ii

the King's warehoufes.

3

xtfo.] Anno undecimo Georgti III. c. i.

in order to be proceeded againft according to law j and in cafe of recovery, to be divided in manner as aForefaid.

ID. Provided always. That this aft, or any thing herein con- Prohibition tained, (hall not extend to prohibit the exportation of fuch or f^much of lb much of the faid commodities, as (hall be neceflary to he car- [he fa^com-jied in any (hip or (hips, or other veflel or vcffels, in their re- modifies, as fpdive voyages, for the fuftenance, diet, and fupport of the (hall be necef-coaunanders, matters, mariners, paffengers, or others, in the fame (hips or vettels only; or for the victualling or providing jUnCtheJCVOy. any of his Majesty’s (hips of war, or other (hips or veflels.in his ages 5 Majefty’s fervice, or for his Majesty’s forces, forts, or garrifons; or for hit Ma-any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding. jetty’s (hips of

IV.	Provided alfo. That this aft, or any thing herein contain- p^ces or ed, (hall not.extend to prohibit any perfon or perfons to (hip or gar^fons ? put on board any of the commodities aforefaid, to be carried *or to fuch a| coaftwife; (that is to fay,) from any port, creek, or member of (hall be carri-the kingdoms of Great Britain or lrelar\d% to any other port, ed coatt wife * creek, or member of the fame refpeftively, having fuch or the

like coatt cocquet, or fufferance for that purpofe, and fuch of the

like fufficient fecurity being firft given for the landing and dif-

charging the fame in fome other port, member, or creek, of the

faid kingdoms, and returning a certificate in fix months, as is Security being

required by law in cafes where goods, which are liable to pay

duties on exportation, are carried coaftwife from one port of thereof* *

Great Britain to another, and not dtherwife.

V.	Provided alfo. That this aft, or any thing herein contained, (ball not extend to any of the faid commodities which (hall be exported, or (hipped to be exported, out of or from Great

Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain; or from nor to fuch as Great Britain or Ireland to Gibraltar or Minorca, or unto any of (hall be ex-his Majesty’s i(lands or colonies in America^ that have ufually been fupphed with any of the faid commodities from Great Bri- ^Ireland *or to or Ireland, for the futtentation of the inhabitants of the faid from Ireland illands, colonies, or dominions ; or for the benefit of the Britijb to Great Bri-fifhery in thofe parts only; fo as the exporter do, before the Q-^rahar'MI (hipping or laying on board the fame, declare the ittand, colony, norca/orBril or dominion, iflands, colonies, or dominions, for which the faid tifti colonies commodities are refpeftively defigned, and do become bound in America j with other fufficient fecurity in treble the value thereof, to the comraiffioners or chief officer or officers of his Majesty’s quftoms J‘hcre ,lcry belonging to the port or place where the fame (hall be (hipped the exporter or put on board (who hath or have hereby power to take fuch giving fecuri-fecurity in his Majesty’s name, and tQ his Majesty’s ufe) that ty for the due fuch commodities (hall not be landed or fold in any parts what- lading, Scc. foever, other than the kingdoms, dominions, iflands, or colonies, for which the fame (hall be fo declared ; and that a certi- ^nd returning katc under the hand and feaL of the collector, comptrollor, or a certificai*, other chief officer of the cuftoms, or if no fuch, of the naval officer, or fome other principal officer of the poit where the fame itull be landed, (hall, within the refpeftive times herein after for that purpofe mentioned, (the danger of the feas excepted) bere-

a 2	turned

A

Anno undecimo GeoRGII llT. C. t. t‘77°*

turned to the officers who took the bid bonds, that the faid commodities have been landed at the port or place for which the lamfe (hall be To declared; and for the taking of fuch fecurity, and for giving fuch certificates (which the refpediv; officers a-forefaid are hereby on demand required to give) no fee or reward (hall be demanded or received; ana if any officer (hall Officfr male, make any falfe certificate of any fuch commodities being fo landing a falfe cer- ed, fuch officer (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and ttKcace, for- j0fc hjs employment, and be incapable of ferving his Majeft y, ir/ncapaci- hi* heirs, or facccffors, in any office relating to the cuftoms: tated.F and if any perfon (hall counterfeit, rafe, or falfify, any fuch cer-Other perfon tificate, or knowingly publifh any fuch counterfeit, rafed, or counterfeit- falfe certificate, he (nail forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, ing, &c. any afKj fuch certificate (hall be void and of no effect; which faid forfeit5*2001. Pena^es for offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall &c.	*	be recovered in the fame courts, and in the fame manner, as

Penalties in what courts to be recovered. 1

Application.

Bonds to be profecuted within $ years.

the other penalties inflided by this ad are recoverable; and for offences committed in the colonies or plantations in America, or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europe, (hall be recovered in the high court of admiralty, or in any chief court of civil or Criminal jurifdidion, in fuch relpedive colonies, plantations, or dominions; and (hall be divided into equal moieties between his Majesty and the informer ; and the faid bond or bonds, if not prolecuted within three years, (hall be void.

VI.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained (hall ex-not to extend tcnc* to Pr°b»hit the exportation of beans to the Briti/b forts, to beans ex- caftles, and fadories in Africa, or for the ufe of the (hips trad-ported to the ing upon that coaft, that ufually have been fupplied With the Britiih forts, fame, from Great Britain or Ireland; fo as the like fecurity be &c. in Africa, gjven for the exporting thereof, as is required by this ad to be given by perfons carrjing any of the faid commodities to the Briti/b colonies in America. nor to any of VII..Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained fhall ex-the faid com- tend to prohibit the united company of merchants of England modifies ex- trading to the Eajl Indies, from exporting any of the faid com-P?rted by the modities to any of their forts, fadories, or fettlements, for the ^rapafty^to ^uPPort °f the perfons redding there; fo as the like fecurity be theirforts,&c. given for exporting thereof, as is required by this ad to be gi< ven by perfons carrying any of the faid commodities to the BrI ti/b colonies in America. nor to wheat, VIII. Provided alfo, That this ad, or any thing herein coni flour, malt, ’tained, (hall not extend to any wheat, flour, malt, barley, bread barley, bread, bifeuit, or peafe, to be tranfported out of, or from, the port o wfe tfrom Southampton only, unto the iflands of Jerfey, Guernfey, and Al . lout Hampton forney* or any of them; for the only ufe of the inhabitants d to Jerfey, thofe iflands; fo as the exporter before the lading of fuch com Guernfcy,*nd modifies, or laying the fame on board, do become bound witl Alderney, &c. other fufticient fecurity in treble the value thereof, which th cuftomer or comptroller of the fame port hath-hereby power t take in his Majesty’s name, and to his Majesty’s trie, and fc 7	*	<whk

i

-5

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.i%

which fccurity no fee or reward (hall be given or taken, that fuch commodities (hall be_ landed in the (aid iflands of Jerfey,

Gunn/tj, and Aldtrnej% or one of them (the danger of the feas	*

only excepted) for the ufe of the inhabitants there, and (hall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatfoever, and to re- tanuonJy,&c. turn the like certificates of the landing the fame there, as are	’

herein required on the exportation of the faid commodities to thcBritifi colonies in America^ and within the time for that pur-pofc herein mentioned ; and foas the quantity of wheat, flour, fbasthequan-malt, barley, bread, bifeuit, and peafe, which at any time or t,tJrcxc*edDOt times, during the continuance of this aft, (hall be (hipped at the fn the faid port for toe laid iflands, or either of them as aforefaid, doth	9

not exceed in the whole five thoufand quarters \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithfianding.

IX.	Provided alfo, That this aft (hall not extend to any wheat, norto „heat barley, oats, meal, or flour, to be tranfported out of or from barley, oats, the ports of IPhitehaven or Liverpoole only, into the Ip ofMan, meal, or flour, for the only ufe of the inhabitants of that ifland; fo as the ex- fr°m White-porter, before the lading of fuch wheat, barley, oats, meal, or veiwolet^he flour, or laying the lame on board, do become bound, with other vifli^fMan, * fufficient fccurity, in treble the value thereof (which the cufto- for the ufe of mer or comptroller of either of the faid ports refpeftively hath the inbabi-hereby power to take in his Majesty’s name, and to his Maje?

fly’s ufe) for which fecurity no fee or reward (hall be given or taken, that fuch wheat, barley, oats, meal or flour, (hall be landed in the faid 1JU of Man (the danger of the feas only excepted) for the ufe of the inhabitants there, and (hall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatfoever; and to return the like certificates of the landing the fame there, as are by this aft required on the exportation of the faid commodities to tht.BriiiJh Colonics in America* and within the time for that purpofe herein 38 mentioned ; and fo as the whole quantity of wheat, barley, oats,	256*

meal, and floor, which, at any time or times during the contf- quarters in nuance of this aft, (hall be (hipped at both the faid ports for the uie whole; faid Ip of Many (hall not exceed in the whole two,thoufand five hundred quarters; one moiety thereof to be exported from the wbitThaven1 faid port of IVbitebaveny and the other moiety thereof to be ex- and the other* ported from the faid port of Liverpoole \ any thing herein con- moiety from tained to the contrary notwithfianding.	Liverpoole;

X.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained (hall nor to wheat tend to prohibit the committee of merchants trading to Afruay flou*> not ex* from exporting, during the continuance of this aft, any quan- quCartefsf0nor tity of wheat flour, not exceeding two hundred quarters; or to bread or any quantity of bread or bifeuit, not exceeding fifteen tons in bifeuit, not the whole ot fych bread or bifeuit, or of fuch bread and bifeuit **cc«ding 15 together, to the Brifi forts, calU«, and factories infirm, (or

the fupport of tfie pcffons rending there * fo as the like fecurity of Africa mer-be given for the exporting thereof, as is herein required to be chants to their given by perfons carrying the Xaid commodities to the Britijp &c-in colonies in Ameraea. **	'	.	Afnca.

\	,	A3 K	XI.	And

. n "*0 1

6

Commiffion-ers of the customs to re* turn an account to parliament of ail the corn and other commodities fo exported.

Times limited for returning

Certificates,

where bonds are taken.

No drawback pr bounty to be paid on any of the commodities v fo exported.

prohibition pot to extend to rice.

The extraction of low wines or fpi-rits from wheat or wheat flour prohibited.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. im [1770.

XI.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, That , the commiflioners of the cuftoms for the time being (hall, and they are hereby required, to* give a full and true account in writing, to both houfes of parliament, at the beginniug of the next feflion thereof, of all corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, and (larch, that (hall before that time be exported to any place whatfoever, by virtue or in purfuance of any of the liberties or powers hereby given or granted for that purpofe.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all certificates of the landing and difeharging of the faid commodities to be exported, other than coaftwife, (hall be returned within the refpeftive times following 5 that is to fay, where the bonds are taken in refpeft of any of the faid commodities to be exported from Great Britain or Ireland* to any of the faid colonies or plantations in America, within eighteen calendar months after the date of fuch bonds 5 and where to Gibraltar or Minorca, within twelve calendar months after the date of fuch bonds; and where to the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, or Man, within fix calendar months after the date of fuch bonds j and where from Great Britain to Ireland* or from Ireland to Great Britain, within fix calendar months after the date of fuch bonds refpeflively.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enafled by the authority

aforefaid. That no com, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, or (larch, which (hall be exported by virtue of this ad, (hall be intitled to any of the bounties or drawbacks which are allowed and made payable on the exportation of fuch commodities, or any of them.	•

Xiy. Provided always, and be it enabled. That nothing herein contained (hall extend to prohibit the exportation of rice put of this,kingdom.

XV.	And whereat it is expedient that the extraction of low wines, pr fpirits front wheat or wheat flour* Jhouli be prohibited for a further time \ be it therefore further enafled by the authority atore-faid, That from and after the pafling of this afl, no low winds or fpirits jwhatfoever (hall be made, extracted, or diftilled, within this kingdom, from any wheat or wheat flour : and if any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, (hall make, extra#, or diftil, or caufc or procure to be made, cxtrafled, or diftilled, any low wines or fpirits from any wheat or wheat flour, or (hall ufe or mix, or caufe or procure to be ufed or mixed, any wheat or wheat flour in any worts or wa(h, in order for the rtaking, extrafling, or diftilling, low wines or fpirits, or (hall ujat or lay, or caufe or procure to be put or laid, in apy tun, wam-batch, cafe, copper. Hill, or other yeflel or utenfil, any wheat or wheat flour for the purpofe of preparing jmy wor$s or wa(h, or for triaking, extracting, or diftilling, low wines or fpirits, whether fuch tun, wafh-batch, cafk, copper, ftill, or other veflel or utenfil, hath or hath pot beep duly entered at the excife office* that then, and in pach and eyery of the faid cafes, fuch diftiller or fnaker of low

wines

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 1.	y

wines or fpirits, or other perfon or perfons ailing contrary to

the direfiions of this ait, or the perfon or perfons in whofe

cuftodjror poffeflion any fuch tun, wa(h batch, cafk, copper, (til),

other reflel or utenfil, which (hall be made ufe of contrary to the

intention of this ait, (hall be found, (hall refpeitively, for every nn«jer penalty

fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds, otiooh and

and all fuch wheat or wheat flour, and fuch worts and waft), low °® forfeiture

wines and fpirits, (hall be alfo forfeited.	411	*J}f

XVI.	And be it further enaited by the authority aforefaid,

That if any wheat or wheat flour (hall be found in any work- wheat flour houfe, ftillhoufe, ftorehoufc, warehoufe, or any other place where- found in any in low wines or fpirits, or worts or wa(h, (hall be made, extrait- Piace ^here' ed,diftillcd, or prepared, or where any low wines or fpirits, orfoLritaaie«x! worts or wa(h, (hall have been made, extraited, diftilled, or tra&ed, &fr. * prepared, fince the firft day of October, one thoufand feven hun- are iorieited \ dred and feventy, all fuch wheat and wheat flour (hall be forfeited; and the perfon or perfons in whofe poffeflion fuch work- , ir , houfe, ftillhoufe, ftorehoufc, warehoufe, or place, (hall be, (hall,	t^e ° 1J.^n"

for every offence refpeitively, alfo forfeit and pay the fum of one in whole pof-faundred pounds.	feffion	found*

XVII.	And be it further enaited by the authority aforefaid. Officers of ex-Thit it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons who c*fe, &c. au-(hall be authorifed for that purpofe by the commiflioners of ex-

rile for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the t£riait from *

limits of the chief office of excife in London, or by one or more which tow

juftice or juftices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, wine* or fpi-

at any time or times, with any officer of excife, to enter into any drifted **

workhoufe, ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or any other place, r *

wherein any low wines or fpiritt, or worts, or walh (hall be, or

are fufpefted to be,'made, extraited, diftilled, or prepared, or

wherein low wines of fpirits, or worts, or wafh, (hall have been

made, extracted, diftilled, or prepared, fince the firft day of 03o~ .

btr> one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, and (hall have free

admittance into the fame, and may infpedt all the materials,

veffels, and utenfils therein contained, giving thereby as little

interruption as maybe to thebiifinefs which is carrying on; and

in cafe any officer of excife (hall have reafon to fafpecT that any

wheat or wheat flour is mixed in any worts or waft), or

in any other material or preparation, for making, extra&ing, or

diftiiling low wines or fpirits^ it (hall and may be lawful for fuch

officer, at any time or times during the continuance of this aft,

upon payment of two (hillings and fixpence, to take a fempfe, and take fern*

not exceeding two quarts, of any fuch worts %| wa(h, material

or preparation, which (hall be found in any fuch houfe, or othertor c m *

place aforefaid; and in cafe any diftiller or maker of low wines Penalty ©fre-

or fpirits, or the owner or occupier of any fuch houfe or place,

or any workman or fervant to any fuch diftiller, owner, or oc* officer, &c.

cupier belonging, (hall refufe to admit fuch perfon or perfons a* or obttru&ing

(hall be fo authorifed, of any officer.of excife, into any Tuch houfe him#« wL

or place; or (hall obftruft or hinder any fuch officer, or perfon

or perfons, in-making fuch infpedtion as aforefaid; or (hall not •

a 4	allow

8	Anno tmdccimo Gkorgii III. c. i; [i770?

allow any fuch officer to take fuch fample, after the faid fum of two (billings and lixpenc? (ball be paid or tendered for the fame, fuch diftiller, owner, or occupier, (ball, for every tucb offence refpeftivcly, fprfeit and pay the fum of one hundred poundsj autho' and it (ball be lawful for any fiich officer of excife, or other per-nmt, itiayWar f°n or pcrfons authorifed as aforefaid, having a warrant for that fei«e tbe raid purpofi? from any two or more of the coinmiflioners of the ex-commodities. cife, or any juftice or juftices refpeftivcly as aforefaid, to feize, take, and carry away, all fuch wheat and wheat flour as (hall be found in any fuch houfe or other place, together with all the fades, bags, and other things, in which the (aid commodities (hall be contained.

toifliller. See. XVIIL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, not to have That if any diftiller or maker of low wines or (pints for fale or garters of ** exportation, (hall be poflefled of, or have in his, her, or their wheat, or cuftody or poffefllon, or in the cuftody or pofleflioa of any per-wheat flour at fon or perfons io truft, or for the ufe or benefit of fuch diftiller one time. Sec: or maker of low wipes or (pints, more than five quarters of wheat or wheat flour at any one time, in any one or more place . or places, not being a place or places for preparing, making, ex-trading, diftiUing, or keeping worts or wafh, Jow wines or fpi-rits, every fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirit$, fliall, on fortetures £qC cycry fuch offence refpeftiyely, forfeit all fuch wheat and and cUper”* wh*3* &our exceeding the faid quantity of five quarters j and quarter, alfo the fum of five pounds for every quarter to forfeited, except to fuch XIX. Provided always. That this ait (hall) not extend to in-<fi (fillers, &c. Jlift the faid laft-mcniioned penalty and forfeiture upon any at are the diftiller or maker of low wines or foirits, who (ball be the. aftual growers, . growcr cf wheat, ai\d (hall be poffefled of any quantity of fuch wheat grown by him or her in the ftraw, or after the feme is and who keep threfhed our, or Separated from the ftraw i provided fuch wheat not the wheat, (ball not be kept in bis or her pofleflipn, or in the pofleflion of after being of any other perfon or perfons in truft for him or her, or for a threflied out, greater fpace of time than twenty days after the fame (hall be daygsC[ thani° threshed or feparated from the ftraw; and fo as fuch wheat be and not in ** not *tcPt m any P*acc UW for making, extracting, or diftil-places Ufed for Ung low, wines or fpirits, or for preparing or keeping worts diftiUing; or wa(h.

and alfo with	Provided	alfo,	That	this	aft	(hall	not	extend	to	fofluft

refpetk to fuch the faid mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any diftiller di(fillers as or maker of low wines or fpirits, who pra&ifes the trade of a miller, and who was poflefled of and worked any mill or mills for the grjndingfcpf wheat, on or before the firft day of Oftober^ one thoufand (even hundred and feventy, for or upop account of any quantity of wheat or wheat flour which (ball at any time, during the continuance of this aft, be found in pny fuch mill or mills.; any thing herein contained to the contrary ijojwith-(landing.

XXI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* That in cafe any officer or officers of excite, or .any other per-fon or perfons, (hall, at any time or.times, have, caufe to fuf-* . .	pect

are Millers, Set.

In cafe of information, upon oath, before two

1770.] Anna undecimp Gbqrgii HI. c. 1.,	9

pcd that any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of commiffioners ive quarters, (hall be laid or kept in any fuch ftorehoufe* ware- of cxcifc' toufe, grainery, or other place or places as aforefaid, belonging 10 any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, contrary to the	•	T

•rue imcnt and meaning of this aft; then, and in every fuch cafe, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers, or other perfon >r perfons, before the commiffioners of excife for the time being	•

reipedively, or any two or more of them, or before one or more .	.

dice or juftices of the peace refiding near the place where fuch 0r aj ujfceof ifficer or officers, or other pcrfonor perfons, (hall fufpecft the peace, war- * ime to be laid and kept, fetting forth the ground of his or their rant to bc uipicion; it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid comr poterlngthe aaiffiouers, or juftice or juftices of the peace refpeeflively, before officer, Sec. to whom fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, (hall enter all (tore-make oath as aforefaid (if he or they (hall judge it reafonable) houfes, &c. ^ by fpecial warrant under his or their refpetfive hands and Teals* to authorife and impower fuch officer or officers, or other pjerfoo	*

or perloos authorifed as aforefaid, by day qr by oigM (but j'f id :hc night, then in the prefence of a conftable or other lawful officer of the peace) to enter into all and every ftorehoufo, ware-houfe, grainery, or other place or places, where he or they (hall fufpe& that any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of and feize all five quarters as aforefaid, (hall be laid or kept, belonging to any wheat and fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, and to feize, take,?.our and carry away, all fuch wheat and wheat flour as he or they qUartc^

(hall fo had, over and above the faid quantity of five quarters,	’

together with all the lacks, bags, or other things, wherein the to fame (hall be contained; and fuch diftiller or maker of low wines 51. per quar*. or fpirits, or the perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or poffeffioo ter for all a-fuch what or wheat flour, belonging to fuch diftiller, (hall be hove that found, (hall, for every fuch offence, refpe&ively, forfeit and pay <laa,Ulty» the faid penalty of five pounds for every quarter exceeding th.e hid quantity of five quarters; and the (aid officer or officers, and	^

other perfon or perfons, is or are hereby Impowercd by fo£h warrant, together with fuch other perfon or perfons as he or thdy (hall take to his or their affiftance, to enter fuch ftorehoufes, warehoufes, graifteries, and other place or places, ?nd break open the doors thereof, in cafe they be not opened on demagd.

XXII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Recovery and That all penalties and forfeitures by this a<5t impofed, and for application of the recovery and application whereof no other provifion is here- th* Pcna,.t,cs in before made, (hall be fued for and recovered by a&ion of debt, ™res °'^re bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of re- not or her wife cord i tiWeftminJier% or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and directed, that therefpedhve courts before whom the fame (hall be recover- Penalties li ed may and are hereby authorifed (if they (hall think fk) to ml- aWc to bc ,n** tigate all or any of the pecuniary penalties herein before infli<ft-cd, to any fum not lefs than one fovirth part of the fum herein refpeffively mentioned ; and that one moiety of all fuch penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, (hall be to the ufe of his Ma-jefty, his heirs, apd fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or •	’	*	them

io	Ahno undecimo Georgii III. c. i, 2,3.	[1770.

them who (hall fue for the fame, or give information of, or dif-cover the offence.

Limitation of a XXIII. Provided always. That all fuits, profecutions, or < frits, and in- informations, for offences committed againft this aft, (hall be formations for commenced and made within the fpace of .fix calendar months ga^thiVaft. a^ter	is	committed,	and not otherways \ any thing here-

*	‘ in contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Limitation of XXIV. And be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaid, *&kms.	That if any aftion or fuit fhall be commenced againft any per-

•	Ion or perfon$, for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, fuck aftion or fuit (hall be commenced within the fpace of four calendar months next after the offence (hall be committed ; ano if fuch aftion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecured in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defend-

GtneraUfTue. ants in any fuch aftion or fuit may plead the general iflbe, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft: and if it fhall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants . and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or di(continue his aftion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared ; or if judgement fhall be given upon any verdift or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover Treble Cofts. treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law : and if fuch aftion or fuit be commenced or profecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court, before whom fuch action or fuit (hall be brought, fhall allow the defender to plead this aft on his defencej and, if the purfuer (hall not infift on his aftion, or if judgement (hall be given againft fuch purfuer, the defender (hall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any fuch aftion or fuit.

Continuation XXV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, of the aft. That this aft (hall continue until the twentieth day after the commencement of the next feflion of parliament, may be abrid- XXVI. Provided neverthelefs, that the fa id continuation ged, &c.	may be abridged or (hortened, and this aft o#r any part thereof

may be altered and varied, by any other aft or afts to be made in this prefent feflion of parliament.

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the lervice ot the year one thouland feven hundred and feventy-one.

CAP. III.

An act for the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Majesty's jhips of war, and on board merchant jbips, and other trading Jhips and veffels.

FO R the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his jejiy’sJhips of war, and on board merchant	and other

ing Jhips and vejfels; be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent 3	.	majefty.

II

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. C.3.;

majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and. temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembiol, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the parting of this ad, until the firft day of February, one Unt^ ^ tboufand fcven hundred and feventy two, and no longer, (ex- I77%9 tradinr cept in refpeft to fuch merchant (hips, and other trading (hip?, (hips or vef%« orvcffds, which (hall be on their voyage before the faid firft fell may be day of Ftbruary, one thoufand feveh hundred and feventy-two, Jfav,.gat^ by „ who (hall be, and are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of menf*1 returning home, navigated in the manner as herein after is provided), it (hall and may be lawful for any merchant (hip, or other trading (hip, or veflel, to be navigated by foreign feamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his MajestyY natural or naturalized fubjefts,! (b as the number of fuch foreign fo as their feamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths of the mariners number do at any one time employed to navigate fuch merchant (hip, or ***** J other trading (hip, or veflel j and that one fourth at le*ft, of the mariners^cm* the mariners or feamen fo employed be at all times natives, or ployed, his Majesty’s naturalized fubjefts of Great Britain\ fudden death and hazard, and cafualties or war, and the feas, faved and excepted) $ one aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majefty King Charles the Second, intit'uled, An ad far the encouraging and increajing of/hipping and navigation, or any other ftatute or law to the* contrary notwithftanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained (hall This aft not extend to take away, or reftrain the effect of any fuch royal pro- torciraio th* damation, as his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, are impow- wodL ered to make by virtue of an aft paflfed in the thirteenth year of his mttjoii made late Majefty’s reign, intituled, An afl for the better fupply of by virtue of mariner.5 and feamen to fervt in bis Majefty's /hips of war,' and on “ *iGco. U, Imi merchant Jbips ana other trading Jhips, and privateers.

CAP. IV.v

An aS to amend fo much of an aft, made in the ninth year df his prefent Majefty's reign, intituled, An aft to amend, and render more effeftual, An aft made in the twenty-firft year of the reign of King James the Firft, intituled.

An afl for the general quiet of the fubjefls, againft all pretences of concealment wbatfoever> as relates to the profe-cuttng his Majesty's right, title, or claim, to any mejfuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the prxctnfi, diftriB, or liberty of the Savoy, in the county of Middle-fex, or to any the appurtenances to the fame therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an afl of parliament made in the ninth year preamble.

of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to a- Afto.Geo.III. mend, and render more effeftual, an aft made in the twenty- s*

M year of the reign of King James the Firft, intituled, An aft fo At general quiet of the fubjefls, againft all pretences of conceal-

mm

12

fliall not be pie^udipul to any rlanh Wich the crown then bad to mef-foagcf, &c. within the Savoy.

"Nothing herein contained to *ffe& claufe 9 Geo. |il. whereby ’grantees of tne crown vnay profecute their claims.

£nno undecimo Georgii III. c. 5,6,7.	[1770?

went wbatfmxr, it is enadcd, That nothing in the laid ad con- ! taincd (hall extend, pr be prejudicial, to any right, title, or claim, which his Majesty then had to any. m?fluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the precind, diftrid, or liberty, commonly called, Toe Savoyx in the county of Middtefex* or to any the manors, metTuages, advowfons, buddings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and appurtenances, being the eftate and pofleffion of thedate hospital of The Saxwj, or of the matter and chaplains of the faid hqipitgl, fo as fuch right, title, or claim, be profccuted with effect, by bill, plaint, information, or other fuit or proceeding, in fame of his Majesty’s courts of record at lVejlminjUrx within the (pace of two years, from the firft day of January, one tboufrnd (even hundred and figty-nine.

II.	And vibexeas it is necefary that tb<t time mentioned in the faid proyijhqjboifld be enlarged j now therefore, for amending the fame in that particular, be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritoal and temporal, and commons in this prefeat parliament aifembled, and by the authority of the fame. That nothing in the faid act contained (hall extend, Qr be prejudical to any right, title, or claim, which his Majesty then had, or now hath to any the pre-mifes therein and herein before mentioned, fo ?s fuch right, title, or claim be profecuted by bill, plaint, information, or other fuit or proceeding, in fome of his Majesty’s courts of record at hVefi-minjlerx within the fpace of two years, from the firft day of January x one thonfand feven hundred and feveaty-one s any thing therein contained to the contrary no|witfrftanding.

III.	Provided always. That nothing in this adt contained (ball in any refpert extend to affelt or influence the conftruc-tion of the claufe contained in the faid recited a&, whereby a liberty is given to grantees of the crown, tp profecute with effect their claims within a certain time therein .mentioned*

. C A P. V.

•An ail for granting an aid to hi* Majefty by a land rax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and feventy-one. Four jbtUmgs m the pouud.

CAP. VI.

cAn a& for punifhing mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army apd their quart vf*

CAP. VII.

An a& for the rcgulatianef bis M*je$y*s maiine forces, while on hare.

CAP.

177°.] Announdecimo Georgh III. 0.8,9,16.

.C A P. YIIL An a8 to continue for -u further time an aft made in tie tiybtb year of bis prefent Majeftfs reigns intituled> An \ ad ro continue and amend ah aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled; An aft • for importation of falted beef perky bacdn, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time $ and for allowing the importation of falted beef porky bacony and buttery from the Britifh dominions in America, for a limited time

WHERE A Stfj aft was made in ibe fifth year of his prefent Preamble.

Majefty's rttgtiy mtituUdy An act tor importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Irelcndy for a limited Ad5Geo.III., time: old whereas an aft was made in the eighth year of his prefent Mejefifs reign, to continue and amend the faid fir ft-mentioned aft;	sGeo

endy;r allowing the importation of falted beef porky bacon > and butter from tbe Britifh dominions in America, for a limited time: and whereas by two afJs made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty 9 the faid loft mentioned aft was continued until amJ tie firfi day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy* one: andioGeoJIt end whereas it is expedient that the importation of all the /aid goods and commodities Jhould be allowed for a longer time; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it taay be enafted ; and be it enaft- . ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, ih this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid aft made in the eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft to continue and amend enaft made in the fifth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefiyy in-titukdy An act for importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireldnd% for a limited time5 and for allowing the importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the Britifh dominions in AtnericOy for a limited time, (hall continue, further eonti-and be in full force and efFeft, until the firft day of March% one nued till thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two.	March 1.1771,

CAP. IX.

An id for the better paving, repairing, clean fing, lighting, and watching tbe ftreets and other publick pillages within the City of Wincheftei ; and alfo within tbe feverak parifhes of Saint Bartholomew Hide, Saint John's in the Soke, Saint Peter's Cheefehikl, Saint Swithin and Saint Nfichad in the Weft Soke, in the fuburbs of the feid city ; and for preventing Nuifances and Annoyances therein $ and for widening and rendering tbe fame more commodious.

C A P. X.

An act for carrying Info execution an agreement made between Peter Barrell. elquire, Surveyor general of his Majesty's lands, and tbe truf-tecs of Morden college, in tbe county of Kent, for enabling his Majesty bis heirs and focceftbrs, to grant leafes of Maktenftone hill, in the parifli of Ealt Gieenwich, in the county of Kent, to the faid trdftees, upon the terms mentioned in the faid agreement; and for empowering the laid truftees to increase tbe falarics and penfions of the tieafurer, chaplain, and poor merchants, in the lard cotftgt.

CAP.

Preamble.

AdioCw.UI.

which was to continue in force till March 14* *77»»

farther continued till March 34, *77J.

Preamble.

Aimo undecimo Georgii III. c. 11—16.	[ 1770.

CAP. XI.

An ail for further continuing two ails made in the fixtb and ninth years of bis Majejty's reign, for punijhing mutiny and defer tioHy and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, in his Majefifs dominions in America.

WHEREAS by an ait pajfed in the tenth year of his prefent Majefly's reign*, intitled, An alt to continue an a St made in the laft fcffion of parliament, intituled. An ait for amending

and further continuing an a6t of the fixth year of his prefent Mayef-ty's reign, intituled, An aft to amend and render more effectual, in his Majefly’s dominions in America, an aft parted in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An ait for puniflnng mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; which ait was to continue and be in force in all bis Majtjlys dominions in America, from the twenty fourth day of March, one thoufani fcven hundred and feventy-one, until the twenty-fourth day of March, one tboufand fiven hundred and feventy-two : and whereas it has been found necejfary that the faid ait Jhould be continued fer a further time: May it therefore pleafe your MajeAy^bat it may be eroded ; and be it enafted by the king’s molt excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, that the faid aft fhall be, and the fame is hereby continued until the twenty-fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three.

CAP. XII.

An a£l for better paving the ftreets, fquares, lanes, courts, alleys, ways* and other publick pauages, in that part of Goodman's Fields, which lies in the parifii of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwife'Whitechapel in the county of Middlefex, and alfo Red Lion ftreet and White Lion ftreet, lying contiguous to the faid fields, and for removing and preventing nuilances, annoyances, and obftrudions therein.

CAP. XIII.

An aft to explain a claufe in an ad of the lad feflion of parliament, for better fupplying the city of Worcefter, and the liberties thereof, with water \ and for better paving and lighting the faid city \ and for removing and preventing all obftrudions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XIV.

An ad for better regulating the poor within the city of Oxford.

CAP, XV,

Ail ad for, the better paving that part of the high ftreet in the parifh of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwife Whitechapel, which liesin the county of Middlefex, and for removing obftrudions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XVI.

AnaR	to tnable bis Majefly to licence Playboufe in the

town of Liverpoole, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

WHEREAS a liienfedplayboufe in the town of Liverpoole, in tbe county palatine of Lancafter, would be of convenience to the faid town-. May it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be eaatted; and be it enabled by the king's moil excellent Majefty,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. g. 17;	15

jetty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal; and commons,, in this prAent parliament af-femb\ed,and by the authority of the fame,.That fo much of an aft of parliament, made in the tenth year of his late Majefty’s Part of a€t reign, intituled. An aft to explain and amend fo much of an aft made10 960, Iir* in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An a<5t	'

for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, fturdy beg- players, gars, and vagrants,' into one adt of parliament; and for the more effe&ual punifhing fuch rogues, vagabonds, fturdy beggars, and vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be fern, as relates to common players of interludes; wherebv all perfons are difeharged to reprefent any entertainment or the ftage whatever, in virtue of letters patent from his Majesty, or by licence of the lord chamberlain of his Majesty’s household for the time being, except within the liberties of Wejiminfter* or where his Majesty is refiding for the time being, be, and the fame is hereby repealed, with refpedt to the laid town of Liver- repealed. fodi: and that it (hall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, to grant letters patent for eftablifhing a theatre or playhoufc within the faid town of Liverpoole 5 which (lull be intitled to all the privileges, and fubjedted to all the regulations, to which any theatre or playhoufe in Great Britain is mtitled and fubjedted.

CAP. XVII.

An aft to explain and amend fo much of an aft of the fixtb year of bis prefent Majefty, for paving the town and borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, as relates to the commjftoners of fewer s \ and for regulating the manner of taxing churches* and other publick buildings, within the limits of the faid aft.

WHEREAS by an aft pafted in the ftxth year of the reign of bis Preamble.

prefent Majefty King George the Third, intituled, An adt Aa6.Geo.III for paving the ftreets and lanes within the town and borough of * huthwark, and certain places adjacent, in the county of Surrey, and for cleanfing, lighting, and watching the fame, and alfo the courts, yards, alleys, and paflages adjoining thereto, and for pre-venting annoyances therein ; it is, amongft other things enadt-cd, That when and fo often as there (hall be occafion to make new or additional grates over any fewer or fewers within the faid ftreets or lanes, or either of them, or to repair or alter any of the old grates belonging to the commiffioners of fewers in the laid ftreets or lanes, or either of them, the fame (hall be made new, repaired, or altered, by and at the expence of the faid commiffioners of fewers: And it is alfo enadted, That when and fo often as any fewer or drain, which is or (hall be under the direftion of the commiilioners of fewers, and which (hall be fituate in, or communicating with the faid ftreets or lanes, or cither of them, (hall require to be made new, repaired, altered, deanied, or emptied, then, and in every fuch cafe, the (aid commiffioncrs of fewers (hall, within fix days after notice given

to.

i6	Anno	undccimo	Georgii«III. C. 17.	[1770,

to, or left for thei| furveyor for the time being, at his laft 01 iifual place of abode, by the faid commifGoncrs appointed to put r	the faid aft in execution, or any five or more of them, or by the

,	furveyor or other perfon atithorifed by them, make new, effec-

tually repair, clean, or empty fuch fewer of drain, as the cafe may require; and in default thereof it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners appointed by the faid aft, or any five or more of them* or their lurveypr or furveyors for the time being, to caufe fuch fewer or drain to be made new, repaired, altered, clean fed, or emptied, as the cafe may require, or fo much thereof as (hall remain unfinifhed : the charges and exigences whereof (hall be paid by the commiffioners for .putting the faid aft in execution, who (nail be reimburfed the fame by the fclerk of treafufet for the time being to the faid commiffion-ers of fewers; and in cafe the faid clerk or treafurer to the faid *	commiffioners	of	fewers	(hall	negleft	or refufe to pay what (hall

have been fo paid and difbu.fcd, within ten days next after notice thereof (hall be left at the dwelling-houfe, or laft place of abode, of fitch clerk or treafurer, and figned by the clerk to the commiffioners for putting the faid aft in execution, annexed to the bill containing an account of fuch charges and expences, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid lad-mentioned com-<	miflioners, or any five or more of them, , and they are hereby

authorifed and impowered to bring, or caufe to be brought, any aftion or aftipns in the name of their clerk for the time being, agaiitd fuch clerk or treafurer of tbt com miflioners of fewers for the time being, for the recovery of fitch fum or fums of money a$ they (hall have fo expended for the purpofes aforefaid : and whereas the commiffioners for putting the faid aft in execution Monies dif- for the eaftern divifion, have charged the faid commiffioners of “Jr lewers, with the fum of feven hundred and five pounds, fifteen forp^viftg^8 (hillings,and nine-pence hal(penny,and thecommifliohers for the * Weftern divifion have charged the faid commiffioners with the fum of three hundred and ten pounds, eight (hillings, and five-pence, amounting in the whole to the fum of one tboufand and fix teen pounds, four (hillings, and two-pence halfpenny, for the charges and expences of making new grates over the (ewers within the faid ftreets or lanes, repairing and altering old grates therein, and of making new, repairing, altering, cleanling, and emptying feveral fewers or drams within the faid ftreets or lanes, under the authority and in purfaance of the directions of and the ac- ^anc* have brought,or	to be brought, an aftion

tions brought *t law againft the clerk for the time being to the faid comtnif-t hereon. fioners of fewers for recovering part of the faid monies, and which Doubts con- aftion is ftill depending : and whereas doubts have ariten whe-cerning the ther the faid commiffioners of fewers arc by their commiffion commiffioners authorifed or Empowered to raife monies for the purpofes men-of fewers. tioned in the faid recited aft: now, to the end that the faid com-Intent of the nuAioners for putting the faid recited aft. in execution may be a&.	reimburfed the monies fo by them charged to have been expend-

ed as aforefaid, together with the oofts and charges which have

ac-

lyjo,) Anno undecimo Georgu III. c. 17.	17

accrued in and about the aforefaid aftion, and that the cleric for the time being to the laid commiflioners of fewers may be faved harmlefs and indemnified therefrom, and .that the faid commiflioners of fewers may be duly authorifed and impowered to rai^e monies for the purppfes aforefaid: May it pleafe your Majelly that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by ahd with the advice ana confent of rfce lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, ana by the authority of the fame. That ~ from and after the palling of this aft, it (hall and may be law-ful (0 and for the commiflioners of fewers, for the limits ex- to enquire by lending from E*Jl Mouldfey in the county of Surrey* to Raven/- a jury what borne in the county of Kent* or any fix or more of them, three own<£» ?*c# whereof are to be of the quorum* and they are hereby authorif- J^from the ed and required to enquire, by the oaths of twelve or more ho- fewers within neft and lawful men, within the counties of Surrey and Kent re- Southwark, fpeftively, what perfoh or perfons hath or have, or holdeth or aad to affefs bold any mefiTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments with-	of

in the faid limits, or hath, or may have any benefit or hurt, this aft. lofs, or di&dvantage, by any manner of means, from the fewers or drains within the faid limits; and all thofe perfons, and every of them, to tax, aflefs, charge, diftrain, and punilh, after ' the quantity of their mefluages, lands, tenements, rents, and hereditaments, and the rate of every perfon’s portion, tenure, and profit, for and towards the difcharge and fatisfaftion of the monies which have been fo expended by the faid commiflioners, for putting the laid before-recited aft of the fixth year of his prefent Majcfty into execution as aforefaid, and of the cods and charges which have accrued in and about the profecution and defence of the aftion aforefaid, and of the neceflary cods and charges incidental to the enquiry and afleflinent hereby direftcd to be made, and alfo of the cods and charges expended and laid out in or by reafon of obtaining and palling this prefent aft of parliament, by fuch ways and means, and in fuch manner and form, as to the faid compiiflioncrs of fewers, or any fix or more of them, three whfreof (hall be of the quorum* (hall fcem meet; to be done and ordained according to and in purfuance of {^e powcnof the feveral powers and authorities veded in them by their com- their commif-

m.flion, or by virtue of an aft of parliament made and pafled in fioo. the twenty-third year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intiuled, The, bill of fewers* or any other aft or afts of parliament made and now in force relating to the power and authority of the faid commiflioners of fewers, or for the pur-pole of executing their commiflion.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Application from and out of the.monies to be raifed and collefted by the of the monies enquiry and afleffment as aforefaid, the faid commiflioners of fewers, or any fix or more them, three whereof (hall be of the fusrum* (hall, in the firft place, pay and fatisfy unto the faid commiflioners in each diviuon for putting the faid recited aft in execution, or any five or more of them the monies fo refpeftive-Vol.XXIX.	B	If

’ Anno undeclmo Georgii 111. c. 17J	£1770^

1y expended by them as aforefaid j and in the nfext place, the cods and charges before mentioned, and in cafe there (hall be any furphis remaining after fuch payments, the fame (hall bo from time to time paid and applied by the faid com mi f-iioners of fewers, in and towards the general charges 4nd ex* pences of executing their commiflion.

Directions to HE And be it furtherenaCted by the authority aforefaid. That commiflioners in cafe the commiflioners for putting the faid recited aft in exe* for paving in cution, or any five or more of them, (hall at any time or times, tions of the* ^rom anc* a^cr ***« Pa®n6 this aCt, think it neceflary, or have hewers. occafion to make any new or additional grates over any fewer or fewers, within the Greets or lanes, or places comprised and mentioned in the faid recited aCl, or any of them, or to repair or alter any of the old grates therein, or to make new, repair,

,	alter, cleanfe, or empty any fewer or drain, which is or (hall be

under the direction or the commiflioners of fewers, fituate in, or communicating with the faid Greets, lanes, and places afore* faid, or any of them; then the faid commiflioners for putting the faid recited aCt in execution-, dr any five or more of them, or their furveyor or furveyors for the time being, within their tefpeCtive divisions, or other perfon or perfons authorifed by them, (hall, and they are hereby directed and required to give or leave notice in writing, unto and for the clerk for the time being to the faid commiflioners bf fewers, at his ufual or laft place of abode, of their intention to have any fuch new or additional grates, made or placed over any fewer or fewers within the limits aforefaid, or to have any fuch reparation or alteration of the old grates therein, or to have any fuch fewer or drain The clerk to made new, repaired, altered, cleanfed, or emptied, as the cafe may fu mmon them ^. an(j c fay clerJc is hereby dire&ed and required, immediate-on )y a^cr delivery of any and every fuch notice as aforefaid, notice. to fummon fix or more of the faid commiflioners of fewers, who “(hall be inhabiting or dwelling in or near the borough of Southwark, three whereof (hall be or the quorum, to furvey the grates, fewers, and drains, mentioned and fpecified in fuch notice, within ten days next after the receipt thereof; and they the faid * commiflioners are hereby required and directed to furvey the ’m"?ftwero fame> within the time before limited, and after fuch furvey (hall directed tt> he had and made, to caufe fuch grates, fewers, and drains to furvey the be forthwith made new, corrected, repaired, amended, altered, fame, and to deanfed, emptied, or reformed, as the cafe (hall require, and fcwer»^and8* t^ie oat^s °f a JUI7 t0 ^n^u*re what perfon or perfons are or drains’to be *ought to contribute to the charges and expences thereof in each reformed, and divifion, and to tax, aflefs, charge, diftrain, and punifti, all to enquire by and every fuch perfon and perfons, for the redrefs and reforma-'ouU|it tobe t*on thereof* fuch ways and means, and in fuch manner and contributory form, 38 to the faid commiflioners (hall feem fit to be done and to the ex-	ordained, according to and in purfuance of the feveral powers

pence. See.	and authorities veiled in them the faid commiflioners by their

commiflion, or by virtue of the faid aCt of parliament of the twenty-third year of the late King Hairy the Eighth, or any \	w	i	othei

*;;*>.j	Anno umfecrmo:G£okGU ,iIL e. tfi /19

other ad or ads of parliament made and pow in force relating to the power and authority of the faid commiffioners of fewers, or for the purpofe of executing their commiffion.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho- Where two rity aforefaid, That two .parts in three (the whole into three parts in three equal parts being to be divided) of the monies to be raifed and ?lon!?J£e cofleded by the enquiry and atfeflinent aforefaid, (hall be, and the fame is. hereby dircded to be raifed and collected upon the owners and. occupiers of all the mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fituate and being within the levels or di-finds, commonly called or known by the name or.names of Bridgebeufe Slain, Gran Bank Mill Stream, Battle Bridge Mill Stream* Saint John of Jerufalem Sluice, Bare Sluice, Boars-head Sluice, Black Lyon Sluice, and Whitewall Sluice in the county of Surrey, aod which are lying, being, or adjoining to any part or partsof any other fluice, common, fewer, or.dream, running in or through any of the Greets, Janes or places comprifed iir the did recited ad of the fixrh year of his prefent Majeftv; and that the other or remaining third part of the faid monies mall be, aod die lame is hereby; direded to be raifed ^apd collided upon the owner and occupiers of mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fituatc, lying, and being in all the other levels ordiftrids within the limits, under the cognizance and jurif-didioa of the faid commiffioners of fewers, and not otherwife, or in any other manner.

V. And be it further. enaded by the authority aforefaid* that CommHBon-; in cafe the faid commiffioners of fewers (hall negled or refufe to er810 ca*fe caufe any fuch grate, fewer, or drain to be made new, porreded,	^

repaired, amended, altered, cleanfed, or emptied, as tbe cafe repaired»

(hall require, for the. (pace of fourteen days after the delivery of every fuch notice as aforefaid, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for any five or more of the faid commiffioners, who are or (hall be authorifed to put the faid recited, ad of tbe ftxth year of his prefent Majefty in execution to caufe every fuch grate, fewer, and drain, whereof fuch notice (hall.be given or left as aforefaid, to be made new,correded, repaired, amended, altered, cleanfed, emptied, and reformed, as tbe cafe may require, or fo much thereof as (hall be negleded to be finifhad by the faid commiffioners of fewers, the charges and expences whereof (hall be paid by the commiffioners authorifed to put the faid laft-mcntioned ad in execution, who (hall .be.reioiburfcd tbe fame by the clerk or expenditor genera! for the time being to the fajd commiffioners of fewers$ and in cafe the faid clerk pr expenditor to the faid commiffioners of fewers (hall negled or re-^ fufc to pay what (hall have been fo paid and dtfburied, within three months next after notice thereof (hall be left at the dwell-ing-houfe or laft place of abode of fuch clerk or expenditor,

(which notice (hall be in writing, and figned by the clerk to the commiffioners authorifed to put tbe faid lad-mentioned ad in Execution, and annexed to a bill containing an account of fuch charges and expences) it (hall and may be lawful for any five or

b z	more

zo	Anno	undecimo GeoRGII III. c. 17.	[1770;

• more of the faid lad-mentioned commiffioners, and they are hereby authorifed and impowered to bring, or caufe to be brought, any adtion or actions, in the name of their clerk for the time being, againft fuch clerk or expenditor of the faid Commiffioners of fewers for the time being, and to recover upon any fuch adtion or actions, all and every of fuch fum and fums of money as (hall have been expended by the commiffioners for putting the faid lad-mentioned adl in execution, for the pur* pofes aforefaid ;’in which action or adtions no effoin, protection* or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed, and to keep VI. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, that n^ieTtobe t*ie ^ commiffioners of fewers mall, and they are hereby di-coliefted by reded and required, from and immediately after the paffing of afielTmenti. this adt, to keep, for the future, (Separate and diftindt accounts of all monies to be raifed or collected by virtue of any rates or afleffincnt which (hall be made or allowed by the faid com-xniffioners, in each and every level or didridt within the limits

*	aforefaid; and that fuch monies (hall be, from time to time,

*	paid, applied, di(burfed, and expended by the faid commiflioners* in, and towards the new-making, altering, amending, repairing, cleanfmg, and reforming the feveral fluices, fewers, drains, and grates, within each and every fuch fuch level or didridt wherein the faid monies (hall be railed or colledted, at the rateable or proportionable part of fuch level or didridt, for and towards the general charges and expences attending the execution of the mid commiffion, and not otherwife; and. that fuch feparatc accounts (hall and may be infpe&ed by any perfon or perfons charged to the payment of any fuch rate or afleffinent who (hall be intitled to have copies of fuch accounts, or any part thereof, upon payment of fix-pence for every one hundred words contained therein.

Commiffioners VII. And whereas fome doubts have arifen, whether the faid snak*ne«r° commiffioners of fewers are authorifed or impowered to make additional	any new or additional grates over any fewer or (ewers, or to

grates.	repair or alter anpof the old grates therein, or to cad, cleanic,

make new, repair, and alter the common fewers within their jurifdidtion at the cods and charges of their commiffion: it is therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, that the faid com-(	miffioners of fewers (hall be, and they are hereby authorifed and

impowered for the future, to make new or additional grates over any fewer or fewers, and to repair and alter any of the old grates therein, and to cad, deanfe, make new, repair, and alter all and every of the common fewers, fituate and being in the fe-veral levels or diftridts, within the limits aforefaid, as the cafe may require, and from time to time to aflefs and levy the charges and expences thereof, by an afieffinent on all the owners and occupiers of all or any mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the fame levels or diftridts, as to them (hall feem meet to be done j the right or claim of any fuch owners or occupiers now fet up, or hereafter to be fet up, by prefeription or otherwife, for making new or additional grates over any fuch

fewer

21

1770.] Anpo undecimo Georgii III. c. i~?

fewer or fcwers, or for repairing or altering any of the old grates therein, or for calling, cleanfing, repairing, or altering the fame common fewers, at their own private colts or charges; or any law, uiage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding: and Commiflioners whereas by the faid recited aft it is enacted, that it fliall be law-affcfs par,fll ful for the faid commiffioners, at their diferetion, and they arechurc e,< hereby required, from time to time, to rate and aflefs, for the purposes of the faid aft, all pari fh churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting- houfes, fchools, warehoufes, hofpitals, prifons, and all other publick buildings whatfoever, and all dead walls and void fpaces of ground, fituate and being within the faid ftreets and other places, at a rate to be fettled by the faid commiflioners, not exceeding fix-pence for every fquare yard belonging to every fuchparifh church, church yards, chapel, meeting-houfe, fchool, warehoufe, hofpital, prifon, and other publick building whatfoever, dead wall and void fpace of ground: and whereas the faid commiflioners have, under the authority of the faid aft, rated and afleffed fome churches, church-yards, publick buildings, dead walls, and void fpaces of ground, within thevfaid ftreets and plaees by the fquare yard, for the whole content thereof, ,	'

and others only for the content of the llreet or ground lying before the lame ; be it therefore further enabled by the authority Commiflioners aforefaid, that the commiflioners appointed, and hereafter to be appointed to appointed, to put the faid recited aft in execution fliall, from and after the palling of this aft, and they are hereby required, tion* from time to time, to rate and aflefs, for the purpofes of the faid recited aft, all parilh churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting-houfes, fchools, hofpitals, prifons, and all other pubr lick buildings whatfoever, and all dead walls and void fpaces of ground, fituate and being within any of the faid ftreets and other places, in an equal manner by the fquare yard, not exceeding the rate of fixpcnce for every fquare yard, lying between the faid fences and the middle of the carriage-way lying before fuch parilh churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting-houfes, fchools, hofpitals, prifons, publick buildings, dead walls, and void fpaces of ground, and not otherwife: provided that no owner or proprietor, owners or proprietors of any fuch publick buildings as aforefaid, (hall be liable to pave or repair the pave-ments Wore fuch publick buildings reipeftively; any thing in the faid former aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, that Commiflioners Herbert Thomas and Richard RuJJel efquires; Beriah Hills* names.

William Biley, Jofeph Collyer, Richard Bodmany Amos Angles,,

William Mafon% John Davisy Francis Holmes, Henry Whitt el^

William Brownings Nathaniel Nichols y John Varnham, Richard Carpenter Smithy Richard Tomleyy Richard Norfolk, Richard Toye%

George Laney William Baldwin Junior, Daniel Morgan, James W<iibamy Wiliam Holmery Tborold Lowdclly Jofeph Bratty Richard Mllesy Richard Bermet Gentlemen, (hall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed commiffioners for putting in execution the bid recited aft of the fixth year of his prefem Majefty, for b 3	paving

Anno uhdecimo GeorgifIII. c. i8.	[1770I

paVing the ftreets and lanes within the town and borough of Southwark, and parts adjacent, in the faid county of Surry, to* gether with the reft of the commiflioners nominated and appointed by the fame aft; and (hall be and are hereby au-thorifed and impowered to execute all and every the powers thereby, or by this prefent aft, granted and allowed, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if they had been nominated and appointed in the faid* recited aft.

Limitation of IX. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that if any xftuuu. fuit or aftion (hall be brought or profecoted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done, or to be done, in purfuance or under the authority of this prefent aft, every fuch aftion or fuit (hall be commenced within fix months next after the fa£t committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid and brought in the county where the caufe of aftion (hall arife, and not elfc-where; and the defendant or defendants, in fuch aftion or fuit, pejMrsl iflue. may P^a£l the general i(Tue, not guilty, and give this prefent act ana the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had there* upon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft : and if the fame (halJ appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch aftion or fuit (hall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall belaid in anyother county or placej that then and in fuch cafe or cafes, the jury (hall find a verdift for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their aftion or aftions, or if a verdift (hall pafs a-Treble cofts. gain ft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants mall have treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in any other cafes by law.

X. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, that this aft (hall be taken and allowed in all courts of juftice, as a publick aft, and all judges, juftices, and others, are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. XVIII. fin afl to indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify tbemfelves for offices and employments, and to indemnify juftices of the peace and others who have omitted to re-gifter their qualifications, within the time limited by law ; and for giving further time for thofe purpofes.

WHEREAS divers perfons, who, on account of their offices, places, employments or profffions, or any other caufe or occa-ft on, ought to have taken and fubjcribed the oaths, or the affurance rcfpefiively appointed to be by fuch perfons taken and fubfcribed in and have omitted by an aft made in the firjl year of the reign of his late mofejly King to take the George the Firjl, of glorious memory, intituled. An act for the ed'b^sft01^urliler fecurity of his Majesty’s perfon and government, and 1 GeoA. the fucceflion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Aft 13 Car.*. Sophia, being proteftantsj and for extinguMhing the hopes of

the

publick aft.

Preamble. Perfons who

1770.} Anno uadecimo Georgii III. c.;8U	4j

the pretended prince of Wales* and his open and fecret abettors; or to have qualified themjelves according to an aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second* inti- Aft t$ £ar.s* tided* Aa aft for the well-governing and regulating corporations; er to have qualified themjelves according to another aft, made it tie twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled* An ad for preventing the dangers which may happed from popi/b recufents, by receiving the facrament of the Lorfs Jtpper* according to the ufage of the church of England, and making codficbfcribing the declaration againft tranfubfiantiation therein men-timely or according to another aft, made in the thirteenth year of Aft 13 Car.** tie reign of King Charles the Second* intituled* An act for the snore effeftual preferving the King’s perfon and government, by diftbling papifts from fitting in either houfe of parliament; cr according to another aft, made in the eighteenth year of the reign Aft xS.Geo.s. of his late majefty King George the Second, of glorious memory, in* iituledy An aft to amend and render more effeftual an aft pafled in the fifth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An cfl for the further qualification of juflices of the peace; or according , « u another aft made in the thirtieth year of bis faid late Majejhfs Geo. u reign, intituled, An act for the better ordering of the militia 3 forces in the feveral counties of that part of Great Britain called England; have, through ignorance of the law, abj'ence, or feme unavoidable accident, omitted to take and fubferibe the fold oaths and cffurance, or otberwife to qualify themfelves as aforefatd, within fucb tirnty and in fuch manner, as in and by the faid afts refpeftively, or b) ony other aft of parliament in that behalf made and providedy is required9 whereby they may be in danger of incurring divers penalties end inabilities: for quieting the minds of his MajeJIy's fubjefts, and for preventing any inconveniences that might otberwife happen by means of fucb omijjhns 3 be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and qualifying be-every perfon and perfons who (hall, on or before the twenty- *0Tt Nov* eighth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and fe- *77U venty-one, take and fubferibe the faid oaths and aflfurance refpeftively, in fuch cafes wherein by law the faid oaths and af-furance ought to have been taken or fubferibed, in fuch manner and form, and in fuch place and places, as are appointed in and by the laid aft made in the firft year of the reign of his (aid late majefty King George the Firft, or by any other ift or afts of parliament in that behalf made and provided 5 and :!fo receive the (acrament of the Lord’s fupper according to the ufage of the church of England, and make and fubferibe the aid declaration againft tranfubfiantiation, in fuch cafes wherein he faid (acrament ought to have been received, and the faid !ec!aration ought to have been made and fubferibed ; or take »nd fubferibe the oath direfted by the faid aft in the eighteenth car of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, a fuch cafes wherein the faid oath ought to have been taken

B 4	and

*4	Anno	undedmo	GpdRGii	ill.	c.iflJ	[1770.

and fubfcribcd, in fuch manner as by the faid ad is di reded ; indemnified <hall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged, a gam it for- from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and dif-feitures. abilities, incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reafon of any former ncgled or omiflion of taking or fubferibing the faid oaths or aflurance, or receiving the facrament, or making or fubferibing the faid declaration refpcdively, according to the above-mentioned ads, or any of them, or any other aft or a£ts; is and are, and (hall be fully and adually recapacitated, and reftored to the lame ftate and condition as fuch perfon or perfons were before fuch negled or omiflion, and (hall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or them-felvcs, according to the above-mentioned ads, and every of them; and that all ads done, or to be done, by any fuch perfon or perfons, or by authority derived from him or them, are,

'	and (hall be, of the fame force and validity as the fame or any

of them would have been, if fuch perfon or perfons had taken the faid oaths or aflurance, and received the facrament of the Lord's fupper, and made and fubferibed the faid declaration, or taken and fubferibed the faid oath refpedively, according to the direction of the faid ads, and every of them; and that fuch perfon or perfons qualifying themfelvcs in manner, and within the time appointed by this ad, (hall be, to all intents and pur-pofes, as effedual, as if fuch perfon or perfons had refpedively taken the faid oaths and aflurance, and received the facrament, and made and fubferibed the faid declaration, and taken and ‘ fubferibed the faid oath, within the time, and in the manner appointed by the feveral ads before mentioned.

Not to extend II* Provided always, That this ad, or any thing herein con-to rettore per- tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftore tons to any or intitle any perfon or perfons to any office or employment, b^udeement* benefice, matter or thing, whatfoever, already adually avoided *	*	9 by judgement of any of his Majesty’s courts of record, already

filled up or enjoyed by any other perfon ; but fuch office, employment, benefice, matter or thing, fo avoided or filled up, and enjoyed, (hall be, and remain in and to the perfon or perfons who is or are now intitled to the fame, as if this ad had never been made.

Nor toindem- HI. Provided alfo. That this ad, or anything herein con-nity ptrfons tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to indem-for penalties nify any perfon againft whom final judgement (hall have been incqrred. given, in any adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, for any penalty incurred, by having negleded to qualify himfclf within the time limited by law.

CAP,

1770.] Anno uncfecimo Georgii III. C.20.	25

,	CAP.	XIX.

An «& for mending certain of the mile-ways leading to Oxford ; for ifiakiigacommodious entrance through the parifli of Saint Clement; for rtboildiog or repairing Magdalen Bridge $ for making commodious .	.

road 1 from the faief bridge, through the univeriity and city, and the moves leading thereto; for cleanBng and lighting the ftreets, lanes,% and places, within the (aid univeriity and city, and the fuburbs there-of, and the faid parifh of Saint Clement; for removing nuifances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future5 for im-powering colleges and corporations to alienate their eftates there; for removing, holding, and regulating markets within the (aid city; and for other porpofes.

CAP. XX.

An net to enable lunaticks intitled to renew leafes, their . guardians and committees, to accept of furrenders of old leafes, and grant new ones.

WHEREAS ly the laws now in force, lunaticks, or their Pfr?^r guardians or committees, have not any power or authority, upon a jurrtnder of any leafe of lands* tenements, or hereditaments,

J;r the life or lives of one or more perfon or perjons, or for terms of jeon abfolute or determinable* on the death of one or more per-Jcn cr per Jons, to make a fure or effectual renewal of fucb leafe or Itofes, which is frequently to the detriment offucb lunaticks end their families, and always to the prejudice of the perfon or perfons intitled ts fucb renewal: be it therefore enafted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual .and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alfetnbled* and by the authority of the fame. That from From and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven *J|l77,t Lu-hundred and feventy-one, in all cafes where any lunatick is or naticks, their Ihill be intitled* or has right to renew any leafe or leafes made guardians or granted, or to be made or granted, for the life or lives of one or more perfon or perfons, or for any term or number of years, abfolute or determinable on the death of one or more perfon or perfons, or otherwife, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch lunatick, or his or her guardian or guardians, committee or committees, of his eftate, in his, her, or their name or names, by the direction of the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper or lords comtniffioners of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being* fignified by an order made on hearing all parties concerned, upon petition, in a fummary way, from time to time, to accept of a furrender	aCceot of

or furrenders of fuch leafe or leafes; and to make and execute furrender«, to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick* or corporate or col- and make new legiate, aggregate or foie, a new leafe or leafes of the premifes leafes* comprifed in fuch leafe or leafes fo to be furrendered by virtue of this aft, for and during ifoch number of lives, or for fuch term or terms of years, determinable upon fuch number of lives, or for fuch term or terms of years abfolute, as was or were mentioned or contained in fuel; leafe or leafes fo furrendered*

%6	Anno unctecimo Geo*GII lit C.aj*—'%£	f 177^

dered, at the making thereof, or otherwife, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper or lords com-tnifitoners of the great feal of Gnat Britain rot the time being, by any fuch order, fo to be obtained as aforefaid, (hall direct. Leafes foexe- II. And be it farther enabled and declared by the authority cuted declared aforefaid, That all and every fuch leafe or leafes, fo to be made ^ua|nd or executed as aforefaid, (hall be, and be deemed as good and valid, and effe&ual	in the law,	to all intents and	purpofes, as

if fuch lunatick was	at the time	of making or executing there-

of, of fane mind, and had executed the fame in his or her own proper perfon; any thing in this aft, or any former law, to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftanding.

Premiums HI. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the autho-paid on re-	rity aforefaid, That	all fines, premiums, foregifts,	and fums of

viewing leafes	money, which (hall	or may be	had, received, or	paid for, or

di»ael)#to eo on account	renewing	of	any	fuch leafe or leafes as a-

to the guar- forefaid, (hall (after a deduction of all neceflary incident dians of tuna-charges and expences) be paid to the guardian or guardians, committee or committees, of the faid lunatick, and be applied and difpofed of for the benefit of fuch lunatick, in fuch manner as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, pr the lord keeper or lords commiflioners of the great feal of Greet Britain, (hall On death of diredt: but, upon the death ol* fuch lunatick or lunaticks, all lunaticks, mo- fuch fum and (urns of money as (hall arife by fuch fines, pre-®cy	miums, or foregifts, or fo much as (hall remain unapplied for

te^ontideied ^>enefit fuch lunatick or lunaticks, at his, her, or their real eftate, un- death, (hall, as between the reprefentatives of the real and per* lefs fuch luna- fonal eftates of all fuch lunaticks, be confidered as real eftate, ticks (hall be unlefs fuch lunatick or lunaticks (hall be tenant for life only \ tenant for life an(j t^e fame (hall ^ confidcrcd as perfonal eftate.

CAP. XXI.

An act for paving Wapping Street, in the county of Middlefex, and the feveral ftreers and paflages leading into the fame j and for removing all encroachments and obftruftiom therefrom, and preventing tbe like for tbe future $ and for opening a paflaqe from Hermitage Street into Nightingale Lane j and paving fuch paftage, and for the caft GJe of Nightingale Lane.

CAP. XXII. din all to amend and render more effectual feveral acts made relating to paving, cand lighting tbe /quarts, Jlreets,	lanes, and other places within	tbe city and liberty

of Weft min fter, and parts adjacent.

preamble.	7 HEREAS an a£t of parliament was made in the jtar

Aft * Geo. 3.	* V of the reign of his p For paving, cleanfing,

cap. *1. and lighting the fquares, ftreets, and lanes, within the city aod liberty of fVeJiminjler, the parilhes of Giles in tbe , Saint George the	Martyr, Saint Bloomsbury, thofe parts

of the parifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, which lie in the county of Middlefexj the feveral liberties of the Rolls and Savcy, and

that

770.] Anno undeclmo GedSLCH llL c.22:	2f

hat part of the duchy of Latuqfter which lies in the county of *

Mlidlefex, and for preventing annoyances therein, and for other mrpofes therein mentioned ; andfeveral other ads Wire made in be third\ fourth, fifth, andJixtb years of bis faid prefent Mojofly, fa omening the firjl-mentioned ad, or for enabling the commifftoners thereby appointed more effectually to carry the purpofes of the jaid ads into execution, and great progrefs bath been made in the works by the (aid oils directed to be performed; but the commifftoners are unable csmplete the fame without further aid: and whereas it is apprehended that it would forward the good purpofes of the faid ads, and	*

>/ a great eofe to the prefent commifftoners, if an additional number of

mmijjionerswere to bk elected and appointed by each parijb, precind,

mi place, toad with the prefent commifftoners: and alfo, if a certain

umber of the inhabitants within each parijb, precind, and place,

me to be eleded and appointed as committees to affijl in carrying the

rid offs into execution, within their refpedive parijhes, prefinds,

ni paces: and whereas fome further powers and authorities are

vcffary to be given, and Jome further regulations made, in order to

ftft the purpofes oforefaid: May it therefore pleafeyour Majefty,

hat it may be enadted; and be it enabled by th#e King’s moft

excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the

ords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-

lament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That the Veftiymenand

reftrymen of the feveral parifhes of Saint fames. Saint Margaret, inhabitant*

hint John the Evangelifi, Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint George,

Hanover Square, and Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the city onaj commif-md liberty of Wefiminfier, and of the parifhes of Saint Giles in the Goners within Fields, and Saint George, Bloomsbury, in the county of Middlefex,and their refpec-he inhabitants who have a right to aflemble in veftry, or other JJhoarT^be jublick meetings of the feveral parifhes of Saint Anne, within joined with the the liberty of JVeflminfier aforefaid, and of Saint Clement Danes, prefent com* tnd Saint Mary le Strand, as well within as without the liberties miflioncr*. uf the faid city and .the precind* of the Savoy, and of the parifhes rf Saint Andrew, Holborn, above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, and of the liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rats, in the faid county of Middlefex, (except fuch part of ibe laft-mentioned liberty as has been paved, lighted, and deanfed by virtue of an adt of parliament, intituled. An ad for the tetter paving, cleanfpig and enlightening the city ^/London, and tie liberties thereof, and for preventing obftrudions and annoyances toitlin the fame, and for other jmrpofes therein mentioned; and for repelling an ad made in the fixth year of his prefent Mcjeflys reign, f:r thefe purpofes; fhall, and they are hereby rcfpedlively im-' powered and required to meet and aflemble in the veftry-rooms, or other ufual places of meeting, for tranfadting the publiclc bufmefs of fuch parirties, precindts, and places, upon the fe-cirid Thurfday after the paffing of this adt, or within eight days afterwards, between the hours of ten in the morning and two in the afternoon, and to eledb and appoint an additional number of commiflioners for carrying the faid adts, and this adt, into execution, as herein after mentioned; (that is to fay,)

three

28 i	Announdectmo	GeoRGH III. C.22J	TI77°*

three perfons for the parifh of Amf Margaret* JVefimmJler 5 three perfons for the parifh of JMw the EvangtHft; three perfons for the parifh of Saint Martin in the Fields; three perfons for the parifh of Saint George* Han&ver Square5 three perfons for the parifh of Saint James; three perfons for the parifh of Saint Anne\ three perfons for the parifh of Saint Paul, Caveat Garden; three perfons for the parifh of Saint Clement Danes* and fo much of the duchy of Lantajler as lies in the faid parifh of Saint Clement Danes; three perfons for the parifh of Saint Mary It Strand, and fo much of the duchy of Lancajler as lies in the faid parifh of Saint Mary le Strand; three perfons for the parifh of Saint Giles in the Fields ; three perfons for the parifh of Saint George* Bloomjbury; three perfons for fuch part ot the parifh of Saint Andrew* Holborn, as lies in the liberty above the bars; and three perfons for the liberty of Saffron HiU, Hatton Garden* and Ely Rents \ three perfons for the parifh of Saint George the Martyr; and one perfon for the precindt of the Savoy; which laid perfons, fo to be eledted and appointed as aforefaid, (hall be, and are hereby joined with the commifConers appoint-r ed or eledted, or to be eledted by virtue of the faid adt of the fecond year of his prefent Majcfty, for putting the faid feveral before-mentioned adts, and this adt, in execution, and (hall be veiled with the like powers and authorities, in all refpedts what-foever, as thofe commiflioners are veiled with.

II. Provided always. That no perfon (hall be capable of being eledted or appointed a commiflioner by virtue of this adl, or of adting as fuch, who (hall not be a houfeholder and resident within fuch part of the parifh, precindt or place, for which he (hall be eledted or appointed, as (hall be within the limits of the faid former adts and this adt; and when any of the commif-fjoners to be eledted or appointed by virtue of this adt (hall die, refign, refufe to adt, or (hall ceale to be houfeholders and refidents as aftrefaid; that then, and as often as either of the faid cafes (hall happen, the faid veftrymen refpedtively, or o-ther inhabitants having a right to aflemble in veftry, or publick meetings where there is no feledt veftry, in and for fuch pa-riftics, precindts and places, (hall, from time to time, eledt and appoint one other commiflioner, in the place of every commif-fioner fo dying, refigning, or refufing to adt, or being incapable of adting.

Veftrymen III. And, for the better eflfedting the purpofes of the faid fe-and inhabi- veral adts and this adt, be it further enadted, That the veftry-committee U * men> or ol*ier inhabitants having a right to aflemble as afore-menToaffiftin faid, within the feveral parifhes, precindts, or places aforefaid, the execution (hall aflemble in the veftry-rooms, or other places of meeting as afore-mentioned, upon the fecond Thurfday after the palling this adt, or within eight days then after; and alfo on the fecond Tburfday in the month of February, annually afterwards, between the hours of ten in the morning and two in the afternoon, and (hall elect and appoint any number of perfons, being houfeholders, reiident in fuch parifh, precindt or place.

Additional com million-ere to be houfeholders refident within theirparifh

ot this adt.

ty70.]	Anno undecimo Georgii III, c.21. *	*9

not exceeding twenty-one, nor lefs than feven; and the perfons fo elected and appointed (hall be, and are hereby conftituted a committee for the better carrying the feveral purpofes of the laid ads, and this ad, into execution,' within their refpedive pari(hes, precinds and places, and for fuperintending and in-fpeding all or any of the works carrying on or performed by virtue of the laid former ads and this ad, within their* refpec-tWe pariflies, precinds and places, and for examining the feveral bills relative thereto, and for certifying to the commiflion-ers fuch bills and other allowances for payment as they (hall find to be fair and juft, or objeding to the payment of fuch as lhall be found otherwife (the falaries allowed by th$ commif-lioncrs to their officers, and the contingent expences .of the commiffion only excepted) on which certificates for payment, but not without, (except as aforefaid) the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, (hall, from time to time, when they have approved of fuch bills, order the fame to be paid.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That no perfon eleded and 00*1*4^0* appointed a commiflioner by virtue of this ad, (hall be capable oTcoramif-of ading as fuch, unlefs he (hall be, in his own right, in the fiouers. adtual pofleffion or receipt of rents and profits of lands, tenements or hereditaments, either freehold or copyhold; of the

clear yearly value of three hundred pounds, or pofleflfed of or intitled unto a perfonal eftate to the amount or value of ten thoufand pounds, or be heir apparent of a peer or lord of parliament 5 and that no perfon eleded or appointed a committeeman by virtue of this ad, (hall be capable of ading as fuch, unlefs he (hall be then refident and an houfeholder in the faid parifh or place, and feifed and pofleflfed of a real or perfonal e-ftate, or real and perfonal eftates together, of the value of two thoufand pounds.

V.	Provided always, and be it enadcd. That no perfon al- Commiflion-

ready appointed, or hereafter to be eleded a commiflioner by era (hall not virtue or all or any of the before-recited ads, or of this ad,!*conccrned lhall be capable of ading as fuch, who (hall hold any office of|^^y^a' profit, or have any (hare, or be any way interefted or concerned	*

in any contract or work to be done in or about the execution of any of the powers of the faid former acts, or of this act, nor (hall any perfon to be elected a committee-man as aforefaid be capable of acting as a committee-man, who (hall hold any office of profit, or have any (hare, or be any way interefted or concerned in, any contract or work to be cone by virtue or in I purfuance of this prefent actj but every fu£h commiflioner and committee-man (hall, in any or either of fuch cafes, be thenceforth for ever disqualified to act as a commiflioner, or committee-man ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding: and in cafe any fuch perfon not being qualified, or Commiflion-fo disqualified as aforefaid, for a commiflioner, mnll neverthe- cr» ailing ' lefs prefume to act as a commiflioner in the execution of the wbb?ut bein* faid former acts, or this act, every fuch perfon (hall, for cvery?orfc\t cooi ; offence* forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, to c 5	■

any



30	Anno	undccimo Georou HI. c.a2.'	£1770;

any perfon or perfons who will fue for the fiune; and in cafe any fuch perfon not being qualified, or fo difqualified as afore-laid, for a committee-man, frail nevertheless prefume to a£t as a committee-man, every fuch perfon frail, for every offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to any peribn or perfons who will fue for the fame, fuch refpedlive forfeitures to be recovered in any of hisMajefty’s courts of record, by adion of debt or on the cafe, or by bill, fuit, or information, wherein no efioin, prote&ion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance frail be allowed; and every fuch perfon fo profecut-ed frail prove he is qualified as aforefaid, or otherwife fhall pay the faid refpe&ive penalties, upon proof given of his having ailed as a commiflioner or committee-man, as the cafe may be, in the execution of the laid ads, or of this ad.

Except the VI. ^nd be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, maftoof the That the right honourable the mailer of th o.Rplh tor the rime rolls and being, and the dean ofWtftminfltr for the time being, lhall be commiflioners for putting the laid former alls and this ad in execution, and that their being fuch lhall be a fufficient qualification to them; any thing in the faid former ads, or this ad, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Committees VII. And be it further euaded, That the faid committees may meet and frail meet in the veftry-rooms, or other places of meeting as adjourn. aforementioned, within fourteen days after they frail have been chofen as aforefaid, and may adjourn from time to time, and meet there, or at any other place or places within the laid parities, precinds, or places refpedively, as often as they (hail Duty of com- think fit; and they, or any five or more of them, frail have xnittee-men. authority, and are hereby impowered to fee that all contrails heretofore made and entered into for any works to be done within their refpective parities, precincts, and places, are welt and duly performed and executed according to the terms and conditions of all fuch contracts; and they are alfo to examine into, and to hear all complaints which lhall be made to, or brought before them, by any of the inhabitants or any other perfon or perfons, againft any contractor or contractors, by examination of witnefles upon oath, (which oath the commit* tee, or any three or moreof them, are hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifter;) and the faid refpective committees, or any three or more of them, frail furvey the works, or enquire into the matters which are the fubjectof the complaint, and report the fame, and the examinations fo taken, to the faid commifiioners*at their next or fecond meeting after fuch complaint made and furvey taken, or enquiry made; and upon fuch report being made to the faid commiflioners, they the faid commiflioners frail and are hereby required, from time to time, to impofe a fine or fines upon every fuch contractor for nonperformance of his contract, as they are authorised and impowered by the faid former acts, any or either of them, to do, according to the nature and degree of the offence; and if it lhall happen that there frail not appear three or

more

/

*77°1* Anno undetimo GcoRCil 11L c. 22:	q*

more of fuch committee-men at any meeting which (hall be appointed to be had or held, then, and in fuch cafe the clerk to fuch committees refpeftively (hall, and is hereby required, to fummoa the whole committee to meet at the place where the laft meeting was appointed, within eight days then next following; and fuch committees (hall, at all their meetings, bear their own expences; but no aft of any fuch committee (hall be valid, un-lefe made or done at fome meeting to be held m purfuance of this aft, at which meeting not lefo than three, five or more committee-men, as required by this aft, (hall be prefect; and all the powers and authorities by this act granted to or veiled in fuch committees, (hall and may, from time to time, be exer-cifed by the major part of the committee-men who (hill attend at any publick meeting to be holden as hrrein before-mentioned, the number of fuch committee-men .prefent at fuch meeting not being lefs than three or five, a$ required by this act ; and all the orders and proceedings of the major part of fuch committee-men fo affembled (hall have the fame force and effect as if done or made by all the committee-men for the time being.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be Committees lawful to and for the faid refpeftive committees, not lefs than *nay appoint five committee-men being prefent at any meeting, or meetings, ofiiccr*» to be held in purfuance of this aft, to appoint a clerk, and alfo to appoint one or more fupervifor or fupervifors, colleftor or collectors, infpeftor or infpeftors, and (hall take fuch fecurity for the due execution of fuch of their refpeftive offices, as the (aid refpeftive committees (hall think proper, and may likewife, from time to time, remove all fuch clerks, fupervifors, collectors or infpeftors, and appoint others in the room of fuch of them as (hall be fo removed, or that (hall die, and appoint fuch Maries and other allowances to them, for and in confideration of bis and their trouble in executing his or their office and offices refpeftively, and alfo fuch allowances to fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall be aiding and affiffing in and about the execution of this aft, as the faid refpeftive committees (hall think reafonable; all which falaries and allowances (hall be paid, from rime to time, as the fame (hall become due and payable in manner berein-after direfted; and every fuch committee may discontinue and not fill up the vacancy to be occafioned by the death or removal of any fupervifor or infpeftor, whenever any of the faid committees refpeftively (hall think fuch officer unne-ceffary for them; but if any perfon fo appointed clerk, fupervifor, colleftor or infpeftor, (hall exaft, take or accept any fee or reward whatsoever, other than fuch falaries and allowances as (hall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the refpeftive committees for oc on account of any thing done or to be done by virtue of this aft, or on any account whatfoever relative to putting the faid afts, or this aft, in execution, or (hall be any-ways concerned in intereft in any bargain made, or to be made, relative who (hall not to this aft, every fuch perfon fo offending in any fuch cafe, (hall be concerned be incapable of ever ferving under this aft, and (hall, over and j^®001*****

above.



Proceedings

tered in books.

Anno undeclmo Georgii III. c.22^	[*77°*

above, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefiy’s courts of record, within fix calendar months next after the offence committed; in which fuit no effoin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed: provided always, that the *n-fpe&or or infpedtors (hall be elected annually, and that the fala-ry of each fuch infpector (hall be allowed and confirmed by the Commiffioners, or any five or more of them, at any of their meetings ; and that the office of fupervifor in each of the faid pari(hes, precinCts, and places, (hall be difeontinued when and as foori as all the faid (quarts, ftreets, lanes, and places in each and every fuch parilh, precinCt, and place refpcCtively, (hall be new-paved purfuant to this aCt.

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afordaid. That ofthecommit- all the aCts, orders, and proceedings of the faid committees

be en- {hall, from time to time, be entered in books to be kept for thofc purpofes by the clerks to the (aid committees, and (hall be figned by the chairman of each refpcClive committee, at their next meeting; and all fuch orders (b figned (hall be deemed and taken to be original orders, and (hall and may be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatfoever; but no aCt or order of any of the committees (hall be valid, unlefs done or made at fome meeting to be held in purfuance of this aCt; and all fuch books and proceedings of the faid refpeCtive committees (hail and may be perufed and infpeCted, at all feaibnable times, by the faid commiffioners, or by their clerk for the time being, or by fuch other perfon or perfons as the faid commiffioners (hall appoint for that purpofe, who may alfo take copies thereof, or extracts therefrom, without fee or reward.

X.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid commiffioners, ers may order or any five or more of them, (hall have authority, and are here-wbat ltreets by impowered, from time to time, to order and direct in what &c anihow* manncr» an<* w^at materials, all or any of the fquares, signifying the Greets, lanes, and places within the refpefiive parUhes and li-fame to the berties aforefaid, (hall be new-paved or repaired, and what committees, number of lamps (hall be put up and kept lighted therein, and

how the fame (hall be placed, and how often the fame fquares, ftreets, lanes, and places, (hall be cleanfed, (having refpeft to the abilities of the inhabitants of the places to be fo paved, lighted, and cleanfed, and the monies which by virtue of the powers of this a<ft can be raifed therein), and (hall fignify fuch their orders and directions in writing to the faid committees refpec-tively, by caufing a copy or copies of every fuch order and direction to be delivered to or left for the clerk of each refpeCtive committee, who (hall and is hereby required to lay the fame before every fuch committee at the next meeting.

XI.	And be it further enaCted, That every committee, as foon as conveniently may be, and, at fartheft, within one calendar month, after any fuch order or direction (hall be laid before them, (hall caufe notice to be given by advertifement in

fom?

Commiflion-

Committees aro to adver-ti(e for contractors i

2

1770.] Anno undedmo GeorGII III. C. ii. *

feme or one of the publick newspapers, fix Several days at the lead, that fuch committee will meet at a time and place to be exprefied in fuch advertisement, at the diftaoce of. fourteen davs or more from the time of the firft publication of fuch advertile-ment, to receive propofals from any perfon or perfons willing to contrail for paving or repairing, lighting, and clcapfing- the *	•

particular fquares, drects, lanes or other places fo ordered $n4	-	>

directed by the (aid commilltoncrs to be paved or repaired, light-	‘

ed, and clcanfed, agreeable to fuch orders and directions j and	^

the faid committeees refpeHively (not lefs than five committee-, and to enter * men being preient) (hall and may, and they are hereby impow- »to contra# ered, to make any contrail or contrails in writing with any fit ™rPa™8i perfon or perfons, for repairing, or for paving and keeping in repair, lighting, and deanfing sill or any fuqh fquares, dreets, lanes, or places, fo ordered and direHcd to be repaired, paved, lighted and deanfed, every fuch contrail to fpecify the ieveral works to be done, the prices to be paid for the fame, and the time or times when or within which the faid works are to be compleated, and the forfeitures or penalties to be borne or differed for the non performance thereof \ and being figned' by five or more committee-men, and by the perfoo or perfons contracting to perforin fuch works, (hall, together with a true copy of every fuch contra#, attefted by the derk, and alfo with the original propofals and copies of all minutes and other proceedings of the committee relative thereto, be tranfmitted to and laid before the commifiioners at their next meeting; which contra# or contracts being by them, or any five or more of them, at that or fome other fubfequent meeting, within one month then next, confirmed by fome proper fubfeription at the foot thereof, or to be indorfed thereon, and figned by five or more of the faid com-miflioners, if they (hall fo think fit, fuch contra#, and the pro-pofal on which the fame is founded, fhall be returned to the clerk to the refpe#ive committees, within feven days from the time of fuch confirmation; and if fuch contra# or contrails Contracts * fhall be fo confirmed, then, and not otherwife, the fame (hall /hall be bmd-be valid and efie#ual in law, and carried into execution, and »ng until con-the performance thereof (hall and may be enforced by a#ion at firmcdi law, or otherwife, by and in the name or names, and at the , n" fuit of or againft the committee for the time being, and the contractor or contra#ors, his or her executors or adminidrators, according to the tenor and true meaning thereof; but every fuch contra# not fo confirmed within the time lad aforefaid fhall be void, and the parties thereto (hall thenceforth be absolutely difeharged of and from the fame, and every covenant, protnife, and engagement therein contained, both at law and in equity, as if the fame had never been made; and the committee making fuch contra# or contrails fo not coufinned, as foon after as the fame (hall fo become void, and fo toties quo ties, (hall and may again advertife for propofals in manner aforefaid, and make any frefli contra# or contra#s, and tranfmit the fame, with the copy or copies thereof, for confirmation in manner aforefaid, <o-Voir. XXIX.	C	#	gether

34*	Ana&undccimo	Georgii	III.	c.	Z2.	[1770-

gether with all the propofals and proceedings of the committees relative thereto; and fuch contract or contrads (hall and may be confirmed or made void in manner aforefaid, at the difcretion of the-faid commiffioners, in the fame or like manner as before enaded or directed.	I

How ftreets. XUf Afid be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, &c. which lie That wherever it (hall be found that any of the fquarcs, ftreets, es (hal^be:	^ncs<‘or ‘plwes, fubjeded to the powers of this ad, are lying

paved.	m	or more parilhes, prccinds, or liberties, the commifiion-

144	ers for the rime being (hall and may, and are hereby impowered

* ' r ’' to order and dired the whole of any fuch fquarc, facet, lane, or place, to bd paved or repaired, lighted, and cleaafed, by and Uhdtir the diredion of the committee of any or either of the (aid parifhes,* precinds, or liberties, and to order and dired what j fum in grofs (hall be paid by the conunitteeor committees of the other of the faid parifhes, prccinds, or liberties, towards and in refped-of the charges of paving amUetting.up lamp-irons, removing obfaudions, and other incidental expencesand alfo | what annual, quarterly, or other fums (hall be paid by fudt other committee or committees, towards and in refped of the re- ! pairing and keeping in repair, lighting, and deanfing the fiune, ! to the committee by whom or under whole directions, fuch fquare, ftreet, lane, or place, (hall be fo paved or repaired, or kept in repair, lighted, and deanfed ; and that fuch grofs fum (hall-be paid accordingly, by and out of the monies to be raifed by the -additional rate; and fuch annual, quarterly, or other fums, (hall be paid accordingly, by and out of the other rate or affeflment hereby direded to be made and afiefied, for the purposes of repairing, cleanfing, and lighting, by the committee, or committees, by whom the fame (hall be fo directed to be paid. How pay- XIII. Provided always, and it i$ hereby enaded and declar-mentsfor fub-ed, That for and in refped of all fuch pontrads as have been nhcret°f°r€ made and entered into by the commiffioners appoint-made. al °C	vhtue of the faid former ads, to and with any perfon or

perfons, for repairing, lighting, or cleanfing, any of thefquares* fcreets, lanes, and places aforefaid, for any time or term yet fubfifting, and not expired, the committees to be chofen in and for ever)' the parifhes, precinds, and places refpedively, in which the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and places to be repaired, lighted, and cleanfed, in purfuanceof every fuch fubfifting con-trad lies, (hall, and are hereby impowered and required (a true copy of every fuch contrad, figned by the clerk to the (aid com-miffieners, being firft laid before them) to dired, order, and caufe the monies which (hall be colleded by virtue of the rates or afleffments herein and hereby direded to be made (the (aid additional rate and rates only excepted) or fo much thereof as (hall be neceflary and fufficient for that purpofe, to be paid to the treafurer or treafurers of the faid commiffioners, for the enabling the faid commiffioners to apply, .and to be by them applied, in payment and fatisfadion of the future growing payments to become due and payable upon, and by virtue of, (uch fubfifting contracts.

XIV. And

17/0.] Airno undecimo GBOROtx III. c. zt	35

XIV.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforofaid, That When fubfift-when and as often as the time for the doing ail or any, part of ing contract the work or bufinefs to be done, or finding and providing mate- j^ttces may* rials to be-provided, brand in purfuance of fuch now~fubfifting advertife for contract or contracts, majl expire 5 then, and from thenceforth, ff«fe con-

the committee to be chofen in and for the parifh, prccinCt, or tra^s* place, in which the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and places do Jie, which are cocnprifed in, and to be repaired, lighted, or cleanfed, under and*by virtueof fuch contractor contracts, thattaadhnay, by order of the commiffioners, advertise for, and receive.propo-fils, and make any contract or contracts, fubjed to the;controu! and confirmation of the faid commiffioners, either- for repairings cleanfing, and lighting, cftrfornew.paving, cleanfing,.and lighting the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and places comprifed in fuch expired contra^ or coatra&e, theretofore contracted to be repaired, cleanfed, and lighted as aforefaid, in thefame or like manner asthe faid committees reijfoCiivcly are herein beforedireSedandenabted to advertife for propofah, and make original contracts for pawing, or for repairing, lighting, and cleanfing any fuch fquaves, ftreets, and lanes, as have not been hitherto paved, lighted, and deanfed, by virtue of any of the aCts of parliament herein before recited.

XV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afovefacd, All contrails That no contract (hall, at any time, be made or entered into, in to be made any year, by virtue of this aCt, but between the fir ft* day of Jo-

nuary and the firft day of July* except in cafes of death o£ the firft July, contractors, or in cafes of failure of contract; any thing cop-tamed in any of > the before-mentioned aCts to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

XVI.	And be it- further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, The bufinefg That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor or in- of the lurvey-fpedor,* appointed or to be appointed by the faid commiffioners

for the time being, tofurvey, view, and infpeCt, within all and * every the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and places hereby fcbjeCted to the powers of this a<ft, and alfo to and for the fupervifoc or in-fpeCtor, to be appointed by each and every of the feveral•committees refpeCtively, to view and infpeCt, within the feveral and refpeCtive pari (he*, precinCls, and places, in and for which every fuch fupervifor dr mfpedor (hall have been appointed, .as well all and every the works done or begun to be done, as alfo to view the condition of the pavements of the faid feveral fquares, ftreets, lanes, and places not begun or contracted to be done, in purfuance of this aCt; and to and for the faid furveyor to .the commiffioners, to prefent upon oath to the faid commiffioners, and alfo to and for fuch fupervifors or irifpeCtors, appointed by * the feveral committees, to prefent upon oath to the faid committees refpeCtivdy (which oath the faid commiffioners, or three or more of them, and the faid committees refpeCtively, oranv three committee-men, are hereby iirtpowered to atlmuiifter) all defective and bad pavements within the faid fquares, ftreets, lar.es, and phees not paved nor beguii ter be new paved, under

c 2	the

3$	Anno	undttimo	Georg	ti	III.	c.«t.	[1770.

the powers of the laid ads, or this alt; aud thereupon, or upon the reafonable complaint and requeft of any three or more houfe-holders, dwelling in any fquare, ftreet, lane, or place, wherein caufe of complaint (ball be, in writing under their hands, every fuch refpeltive committee ftiall thereupon give notice thereof to the faid commiffioners, in writing, and (hall and may caufe all and every fuch pavements not under contrail, to be well and .fuffidently repaired forthwith, or as (bon as conveniently may be, and trie expence thereof to be defrayed by and out of any monies to arife by any rate or rates hereby directed to be made, for the purpofcs of repairing, deanfing, and lighting} and in cafe fuch pavements fo prefcnted or complained of (hall be un--der contract made by or with any fuch committee to be paved or repaired, and the paving and repairing thereof (hall not be well and (efficiently performed, according to the intent and :meaning of fuch contrail or contrails, or (hall not be finilhcd and compleated at or within the time or times that the fame are -or is agreed to be compleated by the contractor or contractors, the fupervifor or infpedtpr appointed by each committee refpec-tively (hall report the fame to fuch committee at their next meet--ing, and the faid furveyor or inlpedor to the commiffioners for the time being (hall and may report the fame to the (aid commiffioners, at their next or other fubfequent meeting; and fuch committee (hall and may, in the joint names of any two or more of them, bring, inftitute, commence, and profecute an action of debt, in any of his Majesty’s courts of law at	a-

gainft any perfon or perfons fo contracting, and not performing any fuch contrail .or contracts, for any or all the penalty and penalties contained in fuch contract or contrails, within one month next after fuch report made to the faid committee; and if the hud committee (hall not, within one month next after fuch report made to them, bring, inftitute, and commence fuch action; then, and at any time then after, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners for the time being, if they Audi fo think fit, in the joint names of any two or more of them, or in the name of any perfon appointed by them, or any three or more of them, for that purpofe, to bring, inftitute, commence, and profecute an aCtion or actions of debt, againft the contractor or contractors, in fuch court for fuch penalty and penalties, and in fuch manner, as the committees refpedively are herein before directed or enabled to do; and on proof of the .figning the faid contrail or contrails, and nonperformance thereof at the time or times therein for that purpofe mentioned, the plaintiffs, in every fuch aCtion, (hall be intitled to, and (hall recover fuch penalty or penalties, which, when received, (hall be applied for the purpofes of this alt, within the parifh, precinCt, or place in which the caufe of aCtion arofe, and not otherwife or elfewhere.

Streets, tee. XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enalted and belonging to declared. That nothing in this alt, or any of the faid former •nlntmi**' *&* contained, (hall authorife or require the (aid commiffioners,

1770.3 Anno undccimo Georgii IIL c. 22;	37

or committee of any parilh, precinft, or place, to pave, repair, cleanfe, or light the ftreets, lanes, courts, yards, or any other place or places, fituated before or belonging to any royal palace, ground, or building, which now belongs or hereafter (hall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, any thing in this alt, or in any of the former afts contained to the contrary note wirhftanding.

XVIII.	And be it enafted,That nothing in this aft contain- Alfo fquares

ed (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to Golden Square, jj/iand places Lyon Square, or to any other fquare, ftreet, or place, now paved, Jhic“ *** cleanfed, and lighted, under any particular aft of parliament,	ar

XIX.	And whereas there are Jeveral ftreets and places within the ^ certain part united parijbes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelift, of Saint Mar-where the inhabitants are not of ability to raife money fufficient to de- garet and fray the expence of new-paving or repairing, chanting, and light- eSSted^utU* ing fitch Jlreets and places, under the regulations joj this att\ be it the inhahi-therefore enafted and declared. That, it (hall not be lawful for tints are of the faid commiffioners appointed to put this aft in execution, to ability to con* order or direft any of the ftreets or places within the laid pa- tri^e t0:' • rifhes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelift, to be new-

paved or repaired, deanfed, or lighted, except the feveral ftreets and places herein after-mentioned ; (that is to fay) Parliament Street, Darby Street, Downing Street, King Street, Fludyer Street,

Crown Street, Crown Court, Charles Street, New Charles Street,

Duke Street, Delahay Street, Great George Street, Little George Street, Canon Row, Brewers Yard, Dorfet Court, Mdncbejier Buildings, The Fiji Market, New Court, Bridge Street, Little Bridge Street, Unton Street, Saint Margaret Street, Abingdon Street,

Utile Abingdon Street, Mtlbank Street to the Horfe Ferry, Market Street, to the high road near the Bvra/ Ground, Graf Street, Little Queen Street, Princes Court, Pori Profpefl, Long Ditch, Broken Crofs, Graf Sanctuary, Little Sanctuary, Old Tot-Street, Dartmouth Street, Dartmouth Row, Brad the ftreet leading from the Brad	to Queen*s Square, Queen's Square,

Petty France, and James Street, and lueh other ftreets and places, or parts of ftreets and places, as arc already new-paved, cleanfed, and lighted, under the direftion of the commiffioners appointed by the faid former afts; nor (hall any rate or afleffinent be ‘ made by virtue of this aft, for the purpoles of paving, repairing, cleaning, or lighting any part of the faid parithes, other tharj as herein before mentioned, any thing in this aft, or in any former aft, to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding,

XX.	Provided neverthelefs, That if at any time hereafter any Piwifa, ftreets or places within the limits which are exempted from being paved, repaired, lighted, and cleanfed as aforefaid, (hall her come fo advanced in rents as that the inhabitants thereof (hall,

in the opinion of the commiffioners, be of ability to contribute a reafonable fum to the paving, repairing, lighting, and cleaniing the fame, under the authority of this aft, then, and from thence* forth, fuch particular ftreets and places (hall be fubjeft to be paved, repaired, lighted, and cleanfed, ip fuch xpann?r* and by

f 3	faph


Such parts of

the faid parches fo exempted to remain under

Inhabitants liable to be charged for paving, &c. by this a&, exempted from former

Adno undecimo Georgii III. C. 22.	[1770.

•Aieh ^ays and means, as the feveral tqUaffej, ftreets, lanes, and other places, which ore under the dire&ion of the laid eemmif-Goners or committee-men, can Or may be paved, repaired, lighted, and cleanfed.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed. That all the Greets and places within any of the faid parifhes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the EvangeM, not fubje<5t to be paved, repaired, cleanfed, Or lighted as aforefaid, [hall (till remain fubje6t to the powers

former arts of «nd previfions of filch former ads of parliament, as do now, or parliament, did'before the making of this a£t, extend to fuch other Greets and places, any thing contained in this prefent a(51 to the contrary hereof in any-wife nOtwithGanding.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every the inhabitants, owners and occupiers, of all and every or any lands, grounds, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, wharfs, coach-houfes. Rabies, cellars, vaults, buildings, tenements, or hereditaments, in all and every the fquares, Greets, lanes, and places hereby directed to be paved, or to be repaired, lighted, and cleanfed, fhall, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and feventy one, be abfolutely exonerated, difeharged, and indemnified from and againft the execution and Service of the office of fcavenger, in and for tbe feveral parifhes, precin&s, and places, wherein fuch fquares. Greets, lanes, and plates are fituate and lying, and of and from the hanging out lights in fuch fquares. Greets, hues, and places, and all pre-fenrments and returns of any annoyance jurors, conGables, or father officers, (other than and except the infpedtors hereby di-re<5ted to be appointed,) for and in refpetft of dangerous or defective pavements, defaults of lighting, and all annoyances ip, obftruCtions of, and encroachments upon, all or any of the faid fquares, Greers, lanes, and places, and all pains, penalties, duties, and fervices, for or concerning any fuch annoyances, ob-ftrudtions, incroachments, or dangerous or defective pavements, and defaults of lighting ; and that the feveral acts cf parliament made in the fecond and third years of their late majeGies King William and Queen Maty, of the nineteenth year of his late ma-jeGy King George the Second, and of all and every other act and ucts of parliament whatfoever, fo far as the fame or any or either of them do or does concern any fuch annoyances, obGructions, incroachments, dangerous or defective pavements, and hanging but lights in any of the fquares. Greats, lanes and places, hereby directed to be paved or to be repaired, lighted, and cleanfed ; and ajfo fo much of the before-recited a<G of the third year cf his prefent Majefty, as relates to and impowers the furveyor to the ■faid commiffioners or any other perfon orvperfons to be by them ^appointed for that purpofe, to view the condition of the fquares, 'Greets, and lanes, within the feveral parifhes, precincts, and places, intended to be fubject to, and within the powers of this prefent act, and to prefent on oath all or any defective and bad pavements therein, and to give notice thereof as therein men-Jiohetf, apd the repairing the fame, and the charging the expence

1770.J	Anno undccimo GeoRGii III. c.22.*	gp

pence of fitch reparations on any fuch inhabitants, occupiers or owners of any houfes or other buildings as therein cxpreiTed ; and all pains, penalties, and charges, which fuch inhabitants, occupiers or owners, (hall or may be liable to by force of the faid fevefal a6b of the third and fourth of IVilliam and Mary, and twenty-ninth of George the Second, and of that part and fo much of the third of his faid prefent Majefty, as is herein before recited; and alfo fo much and fuch part of alj, qr every of the herein recited or any other all or alts of parliament, as di- All former refts or vefts the power of paving, repairing, lighting, or cleanf- fo/a^ai ing all or any of the fquares, ftreets, lanes, or places, hereby piaceiunder fubjed to the powers of this all, to be in the commiflioners ap- this alt, pointed by or in purfuance of the before-recited aIts, or any of *** repealed, them, or vefts in them the property of all or any ftones or other materials of or in any of the faid fquares, ftreets, lanes, and places laft mentioned, in the faid commiflioners, (hall be, and are and is hereby repealed.	*

XXIII.	And be it further tna&ed by the authority aforeftid, Old pave-That from and after the patting of this alt, any thing in the ments, and all herein before-recited alts, or any or either of them, contained to the contrary norwithftanding, the property of all and every *^ ilTthe** the pavements m all and every the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and committee, places, within each and every of the parities, precinlts, and places, fobjelted to the powers of this alt, and the lamps, iron, timber, and all other materials and things, which (hail be made ufe of for the purpofes of this alt, and alfo the property of all and every the (tones, polls, and pld materials of every kind, belonging to the rid or prefent pavements, as well of the carri-sge-ways as of the foot-ways, within each and every the faid pa-rilhes, precinlts, and places, (except in fuch ftreets and places as have been paved by virtue of a claufe in the faid alt of the fifth year of his pifcfent Majcfty’s reign, commonly called Vie Optional Claufe), (hall be, and is and are hereby veiled in the committee for the time being, of each and every (uch parilh, precindt, and place refpectively; and the committee of every fuch pari(h, precinct, and place refpectively, or the major part of fuch of them as (hall be aflembled at any of their meetings,

(hall and may, if they (hall fo think fit, authorife and impower any perfect or perfons with whom fuch committee (hall contract in manner herein mentioned and directed, to take all or any fuch old ftones, pofts, or other materials, at a price or prices to be (perilled in any contract or contracts fo to be made, and to makeufe of fuch of the faid ftones or other materials, as (hall, by fuch contract or contracts, be deemed proper and fit for ufe, in or about the new-paving or repairing, or other works contracted to be done within the fame parilh, precinll, and place, fuch price or prices to be allowed to the contractor or contractors for and in payment of the monies to be paid to him or them, or otherwife fuch major part of every fuch committee (hall and may, and are hereby impowered from time to time, to fell and difpofe of any fuch ftones or other old materials, or any part or

c 4	parts.

Aftno bndecimo Georgii III. c.it ', [1770.

parts thereof, to any perfon or perfons who (hall be willing to purchafe the fame, and to apply the monies arifing by fuch Tale in manner herein after mentioned ; and if any perfon or perfons, to whom any fuch (tones or other materials (hall be fold, (hall | refufe or neglect to pay for the fame for the fpace of ten days after the fale thereof, or other time limitted for payment of fuch pur-.chafe-money, it (hall and maybe lawful for the (aid committee, or any three or more of them, to dired and caufe an adtion or actions to be brought and profecuted in the names of any two or more of them, againft any the purchafer or purchafers of any fuch materials, for recovery of the monies due and payable for any fuch materials fo fold, in which adtion or a&ions, no efloin,

EroteSion, or wager of law, br more than one imparlance, (hall e allowed; and fuch major part of every fuch committee (hall and may, and are hereby alfo impowered, from time to time, if they thall fo judge fit and expedient, to hire or take at a rent any piece of ground to carry to, lay, and difpofe of, all or any of the faid (tones or other materials, during fuch time, and until there (hall be occafion to make ufe of, or a fit opportunity to make ufe of, or to fell and difpofe of the fame; and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall, without the confent or authority of fuch major part of fuch committee, take, carry away, or convert to i his, her, or their own ufe or ufes, or (hall fteal any, or any j part of fuch (tones, pofts, or other materials, or any other (tones, lamps, iron, timber, or other materials or things, the property whereof is hereby vetted in the committee for the time being, of any of the parithes, precindts, and places fubjedted to the powers of this adt, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the major part of fuch committee as (hall be affembled at any of their meetings, to bring, or caufe to be brought, any adtion or adtions, in the name or names of any two or more of them, or to prefer or caufe, dircdt or order, the preferring of any indictment or indictments, againft any perfon or perfons who (hall take, or carry away, or (hall fteal any or any part of any fuch materials pr things; and if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully or malicioufly break, deftroy, or otherways damage or fpoil, any of the faid materials or things, or any works done, or begun to be done, in purfuance of this adt, or take up any pavement, under any pretence whatfoever, without the confent of the faid committee, or any three or more of them, (except the cafes of fire, or alarms of fire), every perfon fo offending, and being thereof convidted by the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefles, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county of Middle fexy or for the city and liberty of WeJiminJier^ as the cafe (hall be, (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit any fum not more than forty (hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings; and for the fecond, and every other offence, any fum not exceeding three pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings; to be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of every fuch offender, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of thejuftipe or juftices beforp whom fuch convidtioo (hall bemad?,

'	'	every

177°‘] Anno undecimo Georgii III. C*ai#	41

every fuch forfeiture and every the fum or fums of money to be recovered by or in every or any fuch altion and actions to be brought as aforefaid, and every fum and fums of money to arife by the fale of all or any fuch materials fo fold as aforefaid, when received) (hall be paid into the hands of the banker or bankers, to be chofen and approved of as herein after mentioned, or into the bank of England, to the account of the parifh, precind, or place, in which the offence was committed, or by order of whofe committee the fame was recovered or received ? and the fame, and every part thereof, (hall be iffued, paid, and applied for and towards repairing, lighting, and cleanfing the fquares, flreets, lanes, and places within the laid parifh, precinlt, or place, and in aid of the rates to be made for thofe purpofes; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fo offending and convilted (hall have no goods or chattels whereon any of the forfeitures laft-mentiooed can be levied; then, and in that cafe, it (ball and may be lawful to and for one or more fuch juftice or judices, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to commit fuch offender or offenders convilted to the houfe of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor lefs than ten days, to be expreffed in fuch warrant, to be reckoned from and exclufive of the day of commitment, and not to be difeharged unlefs upon payment of the full fum forfeited, until the expiration of the time fo to be expreffed.

XXIV.	And be it further enalted, that the faid refpe&ive _	|

committees, not lefs than five perfons being prefent, within their refpedive parifhes, precinds, and places, (hall, and they are ally, and make hereby authorised and impowered to meet, and (hall meet, in the rates for the veftry-rootns, or other ufual places afore-mentioned, upon the rp*[C4 of fecond TburJUay in Junt next, and alfo upon the fecond Thurfday1 c a * in Jvm in every year afterwards, and at any other time or times, as often as occafion (hall require; and they, or the major part of them (hall, make one or more rate or rates, afleffment or affeflinents, upon all and every perfon and perfons who do or (hall inhabit hold, ufe, occupy, pofiefs, or enjoy any land, ground, houfe, (hop, wharf, warehoufe, coach-houfe, (table, cellar, vault, building, tenement or hereditament whatfoever, within fuch parts of the faid refpe&ive parifhes, precjnlts, and places, (the occupiers of land, ground, houfes, (hops, wharfs, yrarehoufes, coach-houfcs, (tables, cellars, vaults, buildings, tenements or hereditaments, in fuch fquares, (Irccts, lanes, and places as have been paved under and by virtue of the faid optional claufe only excepted) for the purpofes of repairing, cleanfing and lighting the feveral fquares, fireets, lanes, and o>ther places, within the faid refpeltive pari(hes, precinlts, and places, as are not by any or either of the faid former alls exempted from the jurifdiltion of the commiffioners, and for defraying the expence of removing all annoyances and obftrultions therefrom, and all other the neceffary purpofes of the faid former alts, and this ad, (except as to new-paving,) fo as no fuch rate or rates, aOcflinent or afleffments, within any fquare, (hall exceed in the

whole

Houfes hereafter to be built, how to be rated.

ommitteei may make an additional late of 6 d. if nectflary.

Anno undecimo GeoRgii III. c. 22.

Whole the fum of one (hilling and three-pence in the pound ; and within any ftreet, lane, or other place, the fum of one (hilling in the pound, in any one year, according to foch proportion of the yearly rent or value as the fame was a (felled to the rates for the relief of the poor, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, within the faid refpedive parifhes, precincts, and places.

XXV.	Provided always, that all houfes, or other buildings, which (hall hereafter be erefted or built within the limits afore-faid, (hall be rated and aflefled for the purpofes of this adt, in the fame manner and proportions as other houfes or buildings (hall be then afleffed.

XXVI.	Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, that from and after the faid twenty-fifth day of Mercby tfie faid refpedivecommitees, not lefs than feven perfons being pre-fent, within their refpedttve parifhes, precincts, and places, (hall, and they are hereby authorifed and impowered, annually, or oftener, as occafion (nail require, to make a further rate or afleflT-ment in manner aforefaid, not exceeding fixpence in the pound in any one year, within all fuch fquares, ftrects, lanes, and other places, or fuch parts thereof, as (hall, at the time of making any fuch rate, be paved by virtue of the faid former adts, and this adt, or any of them, (except fuch ftrects, lanes, and places, as have been paved under and by virtue of the faid elaufe, called the optional claufe,) and fo in like manner within all other the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and places within the limits of the faid former adte, as foon as the pavements thereof refpedtively, or any part thereof, (hall be compleated, fo far as the pavements fo compleated (hall extend.

Commiflionera XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, may borrow that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the committees within money on the the refpective parifhes, preejndts, and places, not lefs than feven perfons being prefent, and they are herfeby impowered, from time to time, when they (hall judge it neceflary, to borrow and take up at intereft fuch fum or fums of money as any perfon or perfons (hall be willing to lend and advance upon the credit of five-fixth parts* of the faid additional rate or afleflment; and by any writing or writings upon vellum or parchment, fignfcd by the faid committees refpedtively, not lefs than feven perfons to affign the faid five-fixth parts of the faid additional rate or afieflT-ment, to any perfon or perfons who (hall advance and lend fuch money thereon, as a fecurity or fecurities for the feveral fums fo borrowed with legal or lower inrereft fot the fame, which intereft (hall be payable' and paid half yearly upon certificates of the committees, and by order of the commiffioners, in the fame or like manner as other monies and payments are herein after directed to be paid and made, out of the monies to arife by or from the faid additional rate or afleflment; and the remaining fixth part (hall be depofited in the bank of England, as a finking fund, for the purpofes of paying off the monies borrowed, or for future new-paving, as the committee (hall think fit.

XXVIII.	And

credit of the rate.

r77°*l Armo uridecimo GfefcRGli III. c 22.	43

X X Vf II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Money re* , that fuch f^orfumsof money, whenforeceivedrbythefaid com- ceived by the mittees, (hall beby them depofited in the bank of England, and	to

placed to the account^ the parrithy precind, or place, by whofe j£e bank* m committee the' fame was borrowed or raifed, and iirwhich it is to be applied, in the name of the tomnkffioners for the new-paving^	•

cteanfing, and lighting the city and liberty of Weftminftcr, and places adjacent, and (hall be iflfued and applied by the fard com-rniflioners, or any five or more of them, for the new-paving any fquare, ftreet, lane, or place, fabjedfeed to the powers of this ad, in manner herein after mentioned, and not otherwife.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, that there (hall be entered For entering in a book or books, to be for that purpofe provided and kept by fecuritiet ia the clerk or clerks td the faid committees, all fecuritiesfor monies boolu*

fo borrowed, and all alignments or transfers thereof, expreffing, in words at length, the names, furnames, additions, places of a-bode, and other defcriptions, of all fuch perfons as (hail, ftom time to time, be intituled to fuch Securities, and the fums received upon fuch fecurities to which book or books the perfons intituled thereto, or imerefted therein, (hall,at all feafonable times, have accefs, with free liberty to infpedthe fame, without fee or reward: and if any fum or fums of money (hall at any time remain from the laid rate or afleflinent, over and above what (hall be foffi-cient to pay the intereft hereby charged thereupon, then fuch fum or fnms of money (hall be applied for or towardspavingotber partis of every tbe pa ri(h, precinct, or place wherein the fame was raifed, and when thewholc of fuch parifh, prednd, or place (hall be paved, then, and not before, all the remainder of fitch furplus (hall be applied for or towards paying off theprincipal fo borrowed as afore-faid and for that purpofe (hall remain in the bank of England, until the fame (hall amount to the fum of five hundred pounds, or one full and equal eighth-part of the whole monies borrowed on the fecerity of the faid additional rate or aflefiment, which fum (hall be applied for and towards the payment of the money lent and advanced on fuch additional ratej and no preference, either in the payment of intereft or principal, (hall be given to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, on accdunt of the priority of advancing any fuch fum or fums, but that each perfon (hall be a creditor in equal degree, according to the dim or fums fo by him, her, or them lent and advanced as aforefaid,

XXX.	And, to the end fuch furplus-money laft mentioned SurpUitof

may be (b applied for or towards difchargihg'or reducing the	aP*

principal monies to be borrowed as aforefaid, be it further e- miTthe debts* nadted, that when, and as often as there (hall remain in the bank,n® c

of England, of the monies depofited or paid in as aforefaid, a fur-plus of the faid additional rate laid or aflefled on any of the faid parifhes, precin6t$, or places, to the amount of five hundred pounds, or one-eighth part of the whole prihcipal ‘monies borrowed as aforefaid, the comrfriflioners are hereby impowered, and on requeft to them for that purpofe made and fignifieid by writing, figned by the major part of not left than feven of the com-

6	piitce

4+

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. ii. [1770.'

mitee of the parilh, precinct, or place, to which fuch furplus belongs, or from whence it arofe, may and (hall caufe notice in writing to be given to or left for each of the creditors or lenders of all the mortgage monies to be fo difcharged or reduced, or their perfonal reprefentatives or affigns, at his, her, or their laft or ufual place of abode, of the commifiioners, intention to apply fuch furplus-money in difcharge, or part difcharge, as the cafe (hall be, of fuch mortgage monies at the expit ation of three months next after the date of fuch notice; and every fuch creditor or lender, his, her, or their reprefentatives. or affigns, having had fuch notice given to or left for him, her, or them, (hall be obliged to accept his or her (hare or proportion thereof at the expiration of the time to be exprefled in fuch notice, or in failure of acceptance thereof, all intereli of fuch (hare (hall from thenceforth ceafe and not be payable.

Creditors may XXXI And it is hereby further enaded, That it (hall and afligrt their fe- may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons intitled to any cunuei. Qf the fecurities aforefaid, and his, her, or their executors, ad-miniftrators, or affigns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her, or their hand or hands relpedively, to affign or transfer fuch fecurities, by indorfement on the back thereof, or o-therwife, to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and witnelled by two witnefles, and fo toties quoties; and fuch alignments and transfers, after they (hall be refpedively entered in the book or books of the faid committees in manner aforefaid, (hall intitle the perfon or perfons to whom they (hall be refpedively made, and his, her, and their refpedive executors, adpiiniftrators, and affigns, to the benefit of the fecurity or fecurities fo affign-ed, or transferred and entered.

Houfe* fitua- XXXII. provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the au-ted beyond thority aforefaid. That no rate or afleffinent (hall be made or iSfrom" collected by virtue of this a£t upon any land, houfe, tenement, rates,	or hereditament, fituate on the outfide of any turnpike-gate, as

the fame is now fixed, whereat toll is, by the faid recited act, pafled in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, authorised to be taken, or in any road or place not repaired or lighted by virtue of the faid former ads, or this ad, or fuch other places as in the opinion of the refpedive committees, not lefs than three perfons, (hall not be within the true intent and meaning of this ad.

Fir ft rate to	XXXIII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

commence 15 faid. That the firft rate or rates, afleffinent or afleffinents, di-March 1771. reded to be made as aforefaid, (hall commence from the twenty-fifth day cf Marth, one thoufand feven hundred and feven-ty-one; and every future rate or rates, afleffinent or afleffinents, (nail commence from the time that the laft preceding rate or rates, afleflment or aflTeflTraents ended, and not otherwife, and the monies therein and thereby charged and aflefled (hall be pay-able and recoverable quarterly, in manner herein after direded. h^Tes ftialfb XXJXIV. And be it further enaded that where any of the aftefTed. * *** lands, hopfes, (hops, warehopfes, wharfs, coach-houfes, ftables,

"	cplUrs,

177°*] Anno uridecimo Georgii III. c. 22*	45

cellars, vaults, buildings, tenements, or hereditaments, within the refpeCtive parifhes and places aforefaid, (hall, at the time of making any of the faid rates or afleflments* be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied* then, and in all fuch cafes, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid refpeCtive committees to rate and aflefs fuch pretftifes at one half of the rates or afTefTments herein before granted, during fuch time only as fuch premifes after making any fuch rate or rates, afleflment or afTefTments refpeCtively*

(hall be empty, untenanted or unoccupied$ and one half only of fuch rate or afleflment (hall be charged on fuch premifes re* fpe&ively for and during fo long time as the fame (hall be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied and in any of the cafes afore* faid, the (aid rates or afleflments, and all arrears due thereon re-fpe&ively, (hall be paid by the owners, proprietors or ieflbrs, or by the firft or any other tenants or occupiers thereof; and fuch tenants or occupiers (hall and may, and is and are hereby re-* fpedively autborifed to deduCt and detain the fame out of their rent, ana the landlords or owners of fuch premifes is and are hereby required to allow fuch deductions and payments upon receipt of the reiidue of their refpeCtive rents; and the faid refpeCtive tenants or occupiers (hall be and are hereby acquitted and dif-charged of and from fo much of their refpeCtive rents as the rates or afleflments, and all arrears due thereon, and fo paid by them refpeCtively, (hall amount unto.

XXXV.	And whereas there are many houfes, buildings, Under-te-

lands, grounds, tenements, hereditaments, and premifes within n»nts, &c. the limits aforefaid, which are taken on leafes for years or o-	10 ^0

therwife, and by the leflees or tenants, and alfo by landlords or ™ ** owners thereof, are let out in parts or feparate apartments to under-tenants, and other houfes and premifes let ready furnifti-

ed to lodgers ; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid, that the feveral leflors, landlords, owners, or proprietors, of all fuch houfes, buildings, lands, grounds, tenements, or hereditaments, fo let out, or which (hall hereafter be let out in parts or feparate apartments, or ready furni(hed to a lodger or lodgers,

(hall refpeCtively be deemed and taken as the occupier thereof, and (hall be liable and fubjeCt to the payment of the rates or af-fcflments directed by this aCt to be iflade, raifed, and levied, according to the yearly rent or value of fuch premifes.

XXXVI.	And, for the more eafy recovery of fuch rates or how thofe afleflments refpeCtively, be it further enaCted by the authority rates (hall be aforefaid, that each and every perfon fo renting or occupying recovered, any fuch part or feparate apartment as aforefaid, (hall be liable

and compellable to the payment of the faid rates or afleflments, and all arrears due thereon, to be recovered in manner herein after directed ; and the refpeCtive occupiers, who (hall pay fuch rates or afleflments, or any arrears due thereon, or from whom the fame (hall be recovered in purfuance of this aCt, (hall and may deduCt the fame from and out of the next rent, or any o-ther rent due and payable from him, her, or them to fuch re-fpe&ivc leflor or landlord, owner or proprietor; and the receipt 4	for

4*

Rates for honfes of am-bafladort, &c. to he paid by landlords, &c.

How publick buildings and dead walls lb all be aflefT-ed.

How rates and affciT-ments in ge«

Anno undecimo GsoRQir IIL c. 22.	[1770,

for fuch .payment (hall bo a foffitient difcharge for all and every fuch tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers* to his, her, or their landlord, for fo much money as he, (ho, or they (hall pay, or (hall be levied on the goods- and chattels of him, her, or them refpeltively, by virtuo of this alt.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, that every rate, tax, or afleffment, which* ihall be made, laid, or affcffed by virtue* of this alt, for or in refpeft of any houfes, buildings, lands, grounds, tenements* hereditaments, premifes, which any ambatiador or refidentj agent, or other puUkk minifter of any foreign prince or date, or the fervant of any foch ambaflador, refident, agent, or publick tainifter, or other perfon not liable by law to pay fuch rate or atife Ament, now doth, or hereafter (hall inhabit, (hall be paid by the landlords, leflbrs, owners or proprietors*, of all fuch houfes* buildings, lands, grounds, tenements, hereditaments, or premifes respectively, who (hall be liable and compellable to the payment thereof, and the* fame (hall be recovered in manner herein alter dire&ed.

XXXVIII.	And forafmuch as it is reafbnable that all publick buildings, dead walls, and void fpaces of ground (houfd be rated and affeffed for the purpofes of this alt; be it* therefore further enalted by the authority aforefaid, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid committees within their refpedive parities, precin&s, or places, and they are hereby required from time to time, to rate and aflefs all parifli-churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting-houfes, fchools, inns of court and chancery, halls, fo-cieties, markets, warchoufes, wharfs, void fpaces of ground, and all other publick buildings, what foever, fituate, (landing, lying, and being within their refpective parities, preeialls, or places, at a rate not exceeding Gxpence in any one yearfor every fquare yard of pavement paved or repaired, cleanfed, and lighted, under and by virtue of this all, or any other, the faid former ads belonging to fuch parifh-cliurch, church-yard, chapel, meeting-houfe, in?n of court and chancery, fchool, hall, fociety, marker, warehouse, wharf, dead wall, void fpace of ground, and other publick buildings refpeltfyely whatfoever, and which are not charged by virtue of this all by the pound rate, or otherwife, which rate or rates, affeffment or afleffments, to be laid upon fuch parilh-churches, chapels, and church-yards, (hall be paid by the refpellive church or chapel-wardens; and the rate or rates, affeffment or afleffments, to be laid upon fuch meeting-houfes, fchools, inns of court and chancery, halls, focieties, markets, warehouses, wharfs, dead walls, void fpaces of ground, and publick buildings, (hall be paid by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof refpeltively 5 all which rates or afleffments (hall be recovered and applied as the other rates hereby made payable are to be recovered and applied.

XXXIX.	And, for the better and more effe&ual recovering the faid refpeHive rates and afleffments, be it further enalled by the authority aforefaid, that in cafe any inhabitant, occupier,

.	owner,

177°'] Anno undecimo Gkorgii III; c. 22.	47

owner, or proprietor, or the leflee of any land, ground, houfe, , - „.

(hop, warehoufe, wharf, coach-houfe, liable, cellar, vault, build- reco?c*«l.

ing, tenement, or hereditament, within the limits aforefaid, (and

liable to pay any rate or afiefiment by virtue of this aCt) (hall

refufe or r^egled to pay the money rated and a defied upon him,

her, or them refpedively, and all arrears due thereon, it (hall

and may be lawful to and for the refpeClive colle&ors of the faid

rates or afiefiments to colled and levy fuch rates or afiefiments,

by warrant under the hands and feals of any two of his Majef-

ty’s juft ices of the peace for the faid county of Aftddlefex, or city

and liberty of JVeJlminjUr, as the cafe (hall be, and all arrears

due thereon, by difirels and fale of the goods and chattels of

the party-fo negleCling or refufing to pay the fame, which (hall

be found either within the faid parilh, precinCt, or place, or elfe-

where; and if within five days next after fuch diftrefs (hall be

made, the faid refpeClive rates or afiefiments, and all arrears due

thereon, (hall not be paid, together with the reafooable charges

of taking and keeping the fame, the faid refpeClive collectors

(hall caufe the faid goods and chattels to be fold, or fuch part

thereof as (hall be fufficient to pay the faid rates or afiefiments, *

together with all arrears due thereon, and the reafenable charges

of making fuch diftref3 and fale, returning the overplus, and

the goods and chattels remaining (if any be) to the perfon or

perfons wbofe goods and chattels (hall be fo diftrained and fold.

XL. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Collector* to that the refpeClive collectors of the faid rates and afiefiments, account foe within the faid refpeClive parifhes, precinCls, or places, (hall,rat€#-once in every week, or oftener if the refpeClive committees (hall fo dire#, pay all the money which they (hall, from time to time, colleCl and receive, into the bank of England, or to fuch banker or bankers as the faid committees, refpeClively, with the approbation of the faid commifiioners, or any five or more of them,

(ball direCl, (except only fo much and fuch parts thereof as are herein direCled to be paid to the commifiioners, or their treafu-rer, for payment of the monies agreed to be, by the faid com-midi oners, paid upon and purfuant to any and every the contracts by them heretofore made and now fubfifting, for repairing* lighting, and cleanfing any of the fquares, llreets, lanes, and places aforefaid.

XLI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, colleaor tt> that the faid collector (hall, as often as thereunto required by acCount o* any of the faid committees, not lefs than three perfons refpec- oath, lively, make up true and perfcCl accounts of all money by fuch collectors refpeClively received and paid in purfuance of this aCt, and deliver all fuch accounts to the refpeClive committees, and verify the fame upon oath, (which oath any three committee* men are hereby impowered to adeninifter,) and every fuch col* le&or refufing or neglc&ipg to make up and render fuch account to the committee requiring the fame as aforefaid, and to verify the fame upon oath 4s aforefaid, or to pay over all fuch monies as (hall be remaining in his hands, (hall and may, by

warrant

Anfco uncfecimo G EortGii HI. c.	[1770.

warrant under the hands and feats of two of his Majesty’s juf-tices of the peace for the city and liberty of 1Veftmtrtjler% or for the faid county of MiddUfex> as the cafe (hall be, upon complaint to them made by any three or more of the faid committee-men, and proof thereof by the oaths of two or more credible witnefles, (which oath the faid juftices are hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifter) be committed to the cofnmon gaol of the laid city ahd liberty, or of the faid county, as the cafe (hall be, there to remain without bail or mainprizc, until he the faid collector (hall have made a fair and true account, and until fu'ch money as upon fuch account (hall appear to be remaining in his hands (hall be paid over by fuch collector, or his furety or fureties, to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be, by fuch three or more committee-men making fuch complaint appointed to receive the fame ; but the commitment of fuch collector to gaol, (hall not acquit or difcharge any furety or fureties, fecurity or fecurities, that (hall or may have been taken by or given to any committee, for the due and faithful execution of the office of colle&or or payment of monies, to be by fuch collector received by virtue of his faid office, or any adfion, fait, or procefs, commenced or to be commenced, for recovery of any monies fo received.

If committees XLII. And be it further enadted and declared by the autho-negledt to rity aforefaid, that if the committee for any or either of the pa-theo* he*com- r^cs* precinCs, or places included in this aft, (hall omit or miffionemnsy negleft to make any rate or afleflment herein before authorifed do it.	and directed to be made, and to raife the money by this act di-

rected in manner before mentioned, within fuch parifli, precinct, or place refpedtively, for the fpace of three calendar months, then the commiffioners for putting the faid former acts, and this act, in execution, may and (hall make fuch rates or afleffincnts, which ought to have been made by any fuch committee as aforefaid, and caufe the fame to be collected, and recovered and money raifed thereupon, in fuch manner as the faid committees might or ought to have done, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Perfons hav- XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

(VomthTcom ^at **	^or	anY	Pcr^on	or	perfons,	having an order

miflioners or ~ un^cr the hands of the commiffioners, or any two or more of committees to them, or of three or more committee-men of each refpective infpeft poor’s parifli, precinct, or place, for that purpofe, to infpect and rake rates.	copies	or extracts of any books or rates made for raifing money

for relief and maintenance of the poor within any parifli, precinct, or place, comprifed in this act; which infpe&ion, copies, and extracts, the perfon or perfons having the cuftody of fuch books or rates reflectively are hereby required to permit and fuf-fer to be made, without fee or reward, by fuch perfon or perfons appointed as aforefaid, upon his or their producing fuch order ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons, having the cuftody of any book or rate, (hall negleft or refufe fo to do within two days after fuch order (hall be fo produced, and (hewn to him or them, or a copy thereof left at his or their laft moft ufual place of abode, he or

49

*77°'J Anno undecimo Georgu Ilf. 0.22.

they (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, for the fecood offence the fum of three pounds, and for the third and every other offence the fum of five pounds, to be levied and recovered in like manner as penalties and forfeitures are, by the faid aft of the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, to be levied and recovered, and (hall be applied by the committees for the purpofes of this aft, within the refpeftive pari(h, precinft, or place, in which every fuch forfeiture (hall be incurred.

XLIV. And be it further enafted, that from and after the faid So much of twenty-fifth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and fe- formcr a^s venty-one, fo much of the before-mentioned aft, made in the theTommif-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and of all or any fionm to other of the before-mentioned afts as authorifes or impowers make rates, the faid commiflioners to make any rate or rates, affeffment or a fie Aments, upon any lands, houfes, (hops, wharfs, warehoufes, cellars, or any other tenements or hereditaments, within the feveral parifhes aforefaid, or to appoint colleftors of all or any fuch rate or rates, affeffment or afleffments, and alfo as authorifes and impowers any colleftor or colleftors, by them, or any of them, appointed, or employed, to colleft or levy any rate or rates, affeffment or afleffments whatsoever, within any of the parifhes, precincts, and places aforefaid, (except as herein is excepted) (hall be, and is hereby repealed.

XLV. Provided always, that the colleftor or colleftors to the Colleftors ap-faid commifftoncrs (lull and may, neverthelefs, continue to col- pointed by the left and levy all arrears of any rate or rates, afleffment or afieff- c°miniflion-menrs, already rated or affeffed by virtue of the faid recited afts, tiiiuTto col”ft or any of them, by fuch and the fame ways and means, and in arrears of for-fuch and the fame manner, as they could or might have done naer rates, in cafe this aft had not been made ; and that the money to a-hfe by fuch arrears (hall, from time to time, be paid, applied, and difpofed of, for difeharging all debts, charges, and expences, incurred by the commiflioners before, and until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, for ' the purpofes of the faid former afts ; and if any furplus (hall then after arife, the fame (hall be applied to the fame ufes and purpofes as the monies hereby direfted to be rated and affeffed within fuch parilhes, precinfts, and places refpeftively, arc herein direfted to be applied and difpoled of, and to no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever.

XLVI. Provided always, and it hereby enafted and declared. How arrears that all and every the arrears and growing payments of all and of fcavengtra every the rate and rates heretofore made for railing money	1	**

for or towards paying the charges and expences of any fcaven-co	*

gcr or fcavpngers, for fwceping and cleaning the fireets, lanes, and paffages, and for carrying away the dirt, foil, and a(hes, a-rifing, or to arife, or to be made within any of the parifhes, precinfts and places fubjefted to the powers cf tins aft, which now are or hereafier (hall be or become due or payable until, and at or upon, the twenty-fifth day of March^ one thouiand levcn hundred and feventy one, (hall and may be colleftcd and levied Vol. XXIX.	D	by

crs.

Atino undecimo Georgii III. c. 22.	[1770.

by fuch perfon and perfons, and in fuch manner, and by fuch ways and means, and (hall and may be applied and difpofed of to fuch ufes and purpofes as the fame might or could have been collected or applied'and difpofed of in cate this adl had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftandine.

filtered of XLVII And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, money and all that all and every the payments of intereft of monies borrowed, ments^hail anc* Payments to be made upon and for all and every con-be^certified by tra& a°d contra61s herein and hereby diredted to be made, and the commit-1 all falaries, payments, arid allowances, charges and expences tees to the whatfoever, to be made and given for any thing to be done or coirnniHion- contracted for, by each and every the faid committees to be chofen as aforefaid, (hall be firft certified to the faid commiflion-ers by each of the faid committees refpedfivcly, by writing under the hands of three or more of the committee-men, and delivered to the faid commiflioners, or their clerk, at the next or or fome other fubfequent meeting of the faid commiflioners, with the feveral bills of particulars relating thereto, and thereupon the faid commiflioners (not having any juft and reafonable caufe to the contrary) (hall, and are hereby diredted and required, within twenty-one days after the delivery of every fuch certificate, to make an order for payment of the fum and Turns of money to be fpecified in fuch certificate, and (ign a draught or order on the proper cafhier or	officer of the bank of England,

for payment thereof at fight;	every fuch order to be figned by

three or more of the faid commiflioners.

XLVIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, that if for and upon any fum or (urns of money which fhaJl become due and payable for intereft of monies to be bor-mitrcwf unlcfs rowed as aforefaid, or for or on account of any contract or con-fome juft caufe tracts to be made by any of the faid committees, and confirmed to the con- by the faid commiflioners as	aforefaid, or for any incidental

trary#	charges and expences relating to the putting in execution any of

the powers of this adt, or to or for any falaries, or other payments or allowances to be made and given purfuant to this adt, fuch certificate for payment thereof being fo made and delivered as aforefaid, the faid commiflioners (not having and declaring fome juft and reafonable caufe to the contrary) (hall not, within twenty-one days next after the delivery of fuch certificate, make and fign an order for payment of the monies to be fpecified or exprelted in fuch certificates, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons to whom the monies in and by fuch certificate are expreflcd.to be due or payable, to commence, maintain, and profecute an action or actions in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJlminfltr, againft any two or more of the faid commiflioners, but not againft the committee, cr any of them; and in fuch action no elfoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

Commiflion- XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and ta ill all not declared, that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be con-

' 2	timed

Perfons may recover money certified by the com-

1770.J	Anno undecitno Geokgii III. C.22.	51

(trued to extend, to charge the faid commifiioners with, or for be charged any monies to be paid to any perfon or perfons, upon thecer- with more tificate or certificates of the committee of any of the parishes, moncy precinds, or places, fubje£led to the powers of this atf, more than^hey«hall than and beyond the amount of what (hall have been paid into have received and remaining in the bank of England, in the name of the com- from fuch pa-mifljoncrs, by and on the account of the committee or commit-tees of the particular parifh, preempt, or place, for which the monies mentioned in fuch certificate or certificates, (hall be payable, any thing herein contained 10 the contrary notwith-ftanding.

L. And be it further enaded, that the faid commifiioners The commit (hall, and are hereby required, from time to time, to caufe fcpa- fioaers Dull rate and diftind accounts to be kept of all monies paid into the bank of England, or to the treaforer to the faid commifiioners, mp^y receiv-by the collectors of each refpeClive paritb, precindt, or place, ed from ?ach fubjeCted to the ppwers of this a ft, and of all other monies depo- parifo. fited or paid into the bank of England, in the names and in the manner aforefeid, on the account of every fuch parilh, precindt, or place, and how and to what particular ufes the fame have been applied; and fuch accounts (hall be made up one in every year, and a true copy or copies thereof, figncd by the clerk to the faid commifiioners, (hall be tranfcnittcd to the veftry clerk of each refpeCtive parifi), precinCt, or place, between Cbrijlmas and Ladyday* in every year, to be by him laid before the veftry at 4heir next veftry meeting, and all the monies raifed, collected, borrowed, and received, within the faid parifhes, precindh, and places refpedtivcly, (hall, from time to time, be laid out and expended for the purpofes of the (aid recited a&s9 and this alt, within each refpeClive parUh, precinCt, or place where fuch monies ihall be raifed, collected, borrowed, or received, and not elfe-where, except as is herein before directed, and except alfo the fabrics of the proper officers of the faid commifiioners, and the contingent expences of the faid commiffion.

LI. And be it further enadted, that the faid committees re- Committees fpedttvely (hall, and are hereby required, at Ladyday, and Aft* to tranfmit thatlmas in every year, or within one month then next follow-ing, to tranfmit to the faid commifiioners, abftradb, or extradts, year Oietrue figncd by their clerks refpedHvely, containing the true amount amount of «U or all monies by the faid committees rcfpcdlively rated and af- monies rated feffed, end at how much in the pound and of the amount of fo catil much of all and eveiv fuch rates as (hall appear to them, to be par collected and received, and in arrear and unreceived, and of all monies borrowed on the fecurities of every the faid additional rates.

LII. And in order to the ascertaining and paying the fcveral Salaries of the proportions of every the falaries of the officers of the commifli- commiffioners oners, and other contingent expences of the commifiion, be it enadied, that the (aid commifiioners (ball, and they are hereby 0f the com-'hre&ed, annually, or oftener by writing figned by their clerk, to miffion, how fignify and inform ail and every the fevtral cototoitttesto he 10 be p"**

2> 2	chofen

Saint Margaret and Saint John to be one parifh for the leveral purpofcs of the a£t j '

s^nd the committee men for thofe pa-fifh* sue jointly to make rates.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22!	[1770.

chofen as aforefaid, of the right and true proportion to be paid by each of the faid parishes, precinds, and places refpedively, to make good the faid falarics and contingent expences, in pro* portion and according to the amount of all the monies to be raifed by the rates to be made by virtue of this ad, for repairing, lighting, and cleaning ; fuch writing to be delivered to, or leit for the refpe&ive clerks to each and every the faid committees, and by fuch clerks laid before the refpe&ive committees at their next meeting, after the fame (hall be fo delivered or left; and thereupon each and every of the leveral committees refpedively, within fourteen days next after every fuch writing (hall be fo laid before them, (hall, and are hereby required to caufe their certificate or allowance in writing,* figned by three or more of them, to be tranfmitted to the commifitoners, or their clerk, (ignifying the confent of the faid committee, that the commiflSoners may make an order or draught to or upon the bank of England, or banker to be appointed as aforefaid, as the cife (hall be, for payment of the refpective proportion or (hare fo afeertained out of the monies arifen by the rates as laft aforefaid ; and fuch (hare or proportion fo certified may be paid by virtue of fuch certificate or allowance, and order, fo made and figned, and not 0-therwife.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, that, for the feveral purpofcs of this act, the parities of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelifl (hall, in all refpects be confider-ed as one parifh only, and that three-fifths, as near as may be, of the committee-men to be chofen and appointed for the faid u-nited parifhes, (hall be inhabitants refiding within the faid parifh of Saint Margaret; and the remaining part of them (hall be inhabitants refiding within the faid parifh of Saint John the Evan-gelifi \ and that the committee-men fo chofen for the faid united parifhes (hall be confidered as one committee only, who are to meet and act in conjunction for the faid united parifhes; and that all meetings of the faid committee-men (hall, from time to time, be held in the veftry-room of the faid parifh of Saint Max-garet, and at no other place.

LIV. And be it further enacted that all the faid committeemen to be chofen and appointed for the faid united parifhes (hall, and they are hereby authorifed and required from time to time, to make all fuch contracts as (hall be directed to be made by the faid commiflioners for the purpofes of this act, within the fa.d united parifhes, and alfo all rates and afleflments which (hall be neceffary to be made within the faid united parifhes, for paving, repairing, lighting, and deanfing thefquares, ftreets, lanes, and other places therein, and all other the neceffary purpofes of the faid former acts, or of this act; and the faid committee-men (hall have full power and authority to do and perform all other matters and things, which any other committee-men are by this act authorifed to do and perform, within any of the parifhes and places within the limirs»of this act; and the faid rates and afTe(Tments, when railed orlevied, together with all monies which

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.22.	53

the faid united parifhes may hereafter be intitled to, for the bet* ter carrying on and compleating the feveral works to be done by virtue of this a&, (hall be added together, and made one common (lock or fund, and be iflued and applied for the benefit of the faid united parifhes, as the faid committee-men, at any of their meetings to be held as aforefaid, (hall, from time to time, think fit to order and direct; and the faid committee-men art hereby author!fed and required in the appointment of their officers, to cotofider the faid united parifhes as one parifh only, for the purpofes of this a<5t, any thing in this adt contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

LV. And for the better and more ejfequally carrying the faid for- How com-mer aflsy and this a£ly into execution, within the faid pat i/bes of miflioner* and Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomfbury, it is hereby enadted and declared. That for and notwithftanding any chofen tor thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, the commimon- Saint Giles a*d ers and committee-men to be eledted or chofen in and for the Saint George faid refpedhve parifhes, (hall, at all times hereafter, be eledted Bloomlbury. or chofen by the refpedtive veftry-men of the faid parifhes, at diftindt meetings to be held in their feparate veftry-rooms; and the committees, when ele&ed or chofen as aforefaid, (hall, from time to time, aftcmble and meet together in the veftry-room of the faid parifh of Saint Giles in the Fields, to and for the purpofes of making all and every the faid rates or afTefTments, and for every purpofe concerning the repairing, cleanfing, and lighting the feveral fquares, ftreets, lanes, and other places within the faid refpedtive parifhes, and for exercifing all and every other the powers and authorities hereby granted, except as hereinafter is mentioned ; and that with refpedt to the rate or rates, afTefTment or afTefTments, herein before directed to be made, for the purpofes of repairing, cleanfing, and lighting the feveral fquares, ftreets, lanes, and other places within the faid respective parifhes, and for all and every other the purpofes of this act, and the faid former acts, the faid two parifhes fhall be deemed and taken to be one parifh, and the committees thereof fhall act in conjunction, and be confidered as one committee to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, except as herein-after is mentioned.

LVL Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enadted, Rates in Saint That the feveral fums of money to be raifed by the additional Giles and or further rate or rates, aflefiment or afTefTments, within each ^tcel^ of the faid parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Georgethefepa-Bloomfbury% fhall be placed to the feparate account of the pari.th rate account in which the fame fhall be colledied or received, to and for the of each parifh. ufes for which the fame was fo rated or afiefTed; and each of the faid refpedtive committees (hall have full power and authority, at meetings to be held at their refpedtive veftry-rooms, to aflign fo much of the faid additional rate or rates, affeflment or afieflments, as fhall be laid, rated, or afiefTed within their feparate parifh, as a fecurity or fecurities for the feveral fum or fums to be by them refpedtively borrowed or taken up at intereft

d 3	by

Anno undecimo Georgii 111. C.22.	[1770.

by virtue of the powers hereby granted, and according to the directions herein-before contained, which faid fum or fums, and all other monies which the faid refpeftive parifhes (hall or tnsy raife, collect, or receive by virtue of the faid additional rate or rates, afleflment or afleflments, (hall be depolited in the bank of England^ and placed to the feparate and diftinft account of the refpeftive parifh whereon the fame was, were, or (ball he borrowed, rated, or aflefled; and after payment of the intereft of the money to be fo borrowed, the refidue of the money a-rifing by the faid additional rate or rates, afleflment or al (Teff-snents, (hall be, by the faid refpeftive committees, at meetings , to be held at their refpeftive vcftry-rooms, feparately, diftinftly, and without the interpofition of each other, applied in and a-bout the new-paving any part or part9 of their faid refpeftive parifh, according to the powers and directions of this aft. •

60 much of LVII. Provided always, and be it enafted and declared. That the parifh of for the feveral purpofes of this aft, fo much of the parifh of Hofkwrn^^ Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies above the bars, in the county of aboveThe	Middlefex, and the parifh of Saint George the Martyr, in the faid

bars, and county, (hall, in all refpefts, be confidered as one parifh only; Saint^George and that the committee-men to be chofen and appointed for fuch part of the faid parifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies a-bove the bars, (hall be inhabitants reflding within that part of the faid parifh, and the committee-men to be chofen and appointed for the parifh of Saint George the Martyr, (hall be inhabitants refiding within the faid parilh of Saint George the Martyr, and that the faid committee-men fo to be chofen as aforefaid (hall be confidered as one committee only, and (hall meet, and at all times hereafter aft, in conjunction for fo much of the faid parifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies above the bars, and for the faid parifh of Saint George the Martyr, and that all meetings of the faid committee-men mall, from time to time, be held at the workhoufe belonging to fuch part of the faid parifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as Res above the bars, and at no other place.

LVIII. And be it further enafted. That all the faid committeemen to be chofen and appointed for the faid united parifhes (hall,, and they are hereby authorifed and required, from time to time, to make all fuch contracts as (hall be directed to be made by the faid commifiioners for the purpofes of this aft, within the faid united parifhes, and alfo all rates and afiefTments which (hall be neceflary to be made within the faid united parifhes, for paving, repairing, lighting, and cleanfing the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and other places therein, and all other the necef* fary purpofes of the faid former afts, or of this aftj and the faid committee-men (hall have full power and authority to do and perform all the matters and things, which any other committee-men are by this aft authorifed to do and perform, within any of the parifhes and places within the limits of this aft; and the faid rates and aflefiments, when railed or levied, together with all monies which the faid united parifhes mav hereafter be entitled to, for the better carrying on and competing

me

to be united for the purport of this aft.

How the Com mi tree-men within parifhes (hail make their fates.

55

*77°*] Anno undccimo Georgii III. c. 22;

the revera! works to be done by virtue of this alt, (hall be add-cd together and made one common ftock or fund, and be ifTued and applied for the benefit of the faid united parities, as the faid committee-men, at any of their meetings to be held as a-forefaid, (hall, from time to time, think fit to order and dire#; and the faid committee-men are hereby authorifed and required, in the appointment of their officers, to confider the faid united parilhes as one parilh only, for the purposes of this alt; any thing in this alt contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enalted. That no- This alt not thing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend,	to

to any fquare, ftreet or place, which has been paved, cleanfed, ^e^t,onAl and lighted, under the claufes in the faid alt made in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, impowering the inhabitants of any particular fquare, (treet, or place, to raife a fum fufficient to new-pave the fame, and enabling the commiffioners to affign the rates and afleffinents made upon fuch fquare, (treet, or place, as a fecurity for the repayment of fuch money with intereft 5 but that all fuch fquares, (treets, and places, (hall continue under the direltion of the faid former alt, in the fame manner as if this alt had not been made.

LX. And whereas tbe liberty of the rolls is included xvithtn the The liberty provifions of tbe faid former afls, and ought to be included in this afl, of the rolls • be it therefore further enalted by the authority aforefaid, That deluded, the commiffioners appointed and elelted, or to be appointed and defied by virtue of the faid former alts, any or either of them, and of this aft, (hall, over and above the powers given by the faid former afls, have full power and authority to pave and repair, light, and deanfe the (treets, lanes, and places, within the faia liberty of the rolls, and to make, collelt, and recover the like rates or afteflments, and to put this alt in execution therein, as fully and effeltually as the fame can be done by the commiffioners or committees appointed to put this alt in execution withio the feveral parifhes, precinlts, and places included in this alt* and the laid liberty of the rolls (hall bear a due proportion with the faid parifhes, of the expences to be provided for by this atf.

LXI. And whereas the Jlreet of plate called Heming’s Row, in The fouth fide tbt faid porifh ^Saint Martin in the Fields, is a great thorough- to b/ * forty tbe pajfage through part whereof having been hitherto narrow, paved. inconvenient and dangerous, by means of a wall and fome buildings, belonging to tbe faid parijhy which have lately been pulled down in orier to tbe building a new houfe for the reception and maintenance of the poor of the faid parifhy which new houfe bath been fit back from where the faid wall flood at the iijlance of ten feet, or thereabouts; end in order to the widening the faid Jlreet called Fleming’s Row, and rendering the fame commodious for the future, it hath been pro-fofedy on the behalf of the vicar, churchwardens, and inhabitants of tbe faid parijb in vejlry affcmbledy that the faid ground, and other tbe ground belonging to tbem> being two hundred ani five feet long*

D 4	and

Churchwarden* exempted from contributing.

JProvifo.

The pods m /rhurcn paf-

Anno undccimo Georgii III. c.22.	t,77°*

end ten feet wide, or thereabouts, now lying near to, and appearing to be part of the faid Jireet, JbalU for ever hereafter be part of the faid Jireet; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the palling this aft, the ground laft mentioned (hall thenceforth for ever lie open to and be deemed and taken to be part of the faid ftreet, and (hall be paved or repaired, lighted, and deanfed as fuch, under and by virtue of the powers of this aft; and that the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the faid parifh (hall thenceforth for ever be exempted and difeharged from all expences of repairing, paving, lighting, and deanfing the faid ftreet or place called Homing s Row, and of and from all and every rate and rates hereafter to be made in purfuance of any of the faid recited afts, or this aft, for and in refpeft of the faid ftreet or place called Homing9s Row.

LXII. Provided neverthelefs. That nothing herein contained (hall exempt any other perfon or perfons w horn foe ver from the payment of all or any of the rate or rates to be made as laft a-forefaid, for and in refpeft of any part or parts of the faid ftreet called Htming’s Row.

LX11I. And whereas at the north and fouth ends of a certain paf-Jage or place in the faid parifh of Saint James, leading out of Picca-

«or the polls

and porttrt block nrar fcayilc J&pw.

nor thofe in

betaken t0t>C *nt0 Jermyn Street, commonly called or known by the name of awayj	Church	Paflage,	there	are	pojls Jet up to prevent the admiffon or

pojftng of carriages (one fide of the faid paffage being part of the cemetery or burial ground belonging to the faid parifh) ; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this act contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to aurhorife pr impower the faid commiflioners or committees, or either of them, or any other perfon or perfons by them employed, to take up or remove all or any of the pofts which now are or hereafter may be fet up either at the north or fouth end of the faid paflage, by order of the veftry of the faid parifh of Saint James; but that the fame (hall, at all times hereafter, be and remain in fuch manner as the faid veftry (hall direct, provided the fame do not pbftruct paflfengers on foot.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this act contained (hall extend, or be conftrued tp extend, to impower the faid commiflioners or committees, or either ot them, or any other perfor. or perfons by them employed, to takedown or remove the porters block, or to t ke up or remove the pofts belonging thereto, or any the pofts now (landing and being at or near a place called Vtgo Lane, leading from the top of Sackvile Street to Savile Row.

LXV. And be it further enacted. That nothing in this act, K»n*> Sqi:arp or any or either of the faid former acts contained, (hall extend ourtPairagc. to aulhorife or impower the faid commiflioners, or the committee of the parifh of Saint Anne within the liberty of IVeJlminfler, or any of them, or any perfon or perfens by them employed, to t^ke up or remove the pofts which are now {landing at the north end of a paflnge leading from the weft end of King's Square Qourt to Chapel Street, in the faid parifh of Saint Aune, or w hich

may

:

1770 ] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.22.	57

may hereafter be there fet up, fo as the fame do not obftruct or prevent perfons paffing on foot through the faid paflage; any thing in this act, or any or either of the faid former acts, contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

LXVI. And whereas by reafon of the great concourfe of coaches^ j>wo com. and other carriages in Maddox-Street and Mill Street, within the miflionert fari/b of Saint George, Hanover Square, upon Sundays, and great may put up holidays, it frequently happens that the inhabitants and parijbioners are very much difturbed and interrupted in the time of divine fer- time* inMad-vke; be it further enacted. That the faidcommiflioners, or any doxStreet and two or more of them, may order and direct any bars or chains Mill Street, to be erected and placed acrofs the faid ftreets called Maddox Street and Mill Street, during the time of divine fervice, and for the fpace of one hour before and one hour after, or may take any other method for preventing the pafling and repafGng of coaches, during fuch time as they fhall think fit and proper.

LXV1I. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Commiffion* That the faid commiflioners fhall have, and they are hereby era veiled with veiled with, ai! the powers and authorities for removing nuifances, power to re-annoyances, and obftructions, and otherwife regulating the fe-moveannoy-veral fquares, ftreets, lanes, and places, within the limits of the notCpaved. ** faid recited acts, which have not been alrehdy new-paved or com pleated by virtue of the faid acts, as by the faid act, pafled in the fecond year of his prefent Majefty, they are veiled with, in the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and places, that have been new- * paved or compleated under their direction.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Toprevent faip, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall come with taking away any cart or carts, or begin to empty any boghoufe or boghoufes, ®,Kht foi* hut or to take away any night foil from any houfe or houfes within ^iThoui^" the limits aforefaid, before the hour of twelve of the clock at night, or (hall continue to take away thd fame after the hour of fix in the morning, from Michaelmas to Lady-day, or after the hour of five of the clock from Lady-day to Michaelmas, or if any perfon fhall put or caft, or caufe to be put or caft, out of any cart, tub, or otherwife, in or near any of the fquares, ftreets, lanes, courts, yards, mews, alleys, paflages, and places within the limits aforefaid, or within half a mile thereof, any fuch night foil, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any conftable, beadle, or watchman, (and they are hereby ftrictly required and d.rectcd fo to do) or any other perfon or perfons whatsoever, to apprehend and carry him or them guilty of either of the faid offences to fuch watch-houfe as they fhall think mod convenient, there to be kept, and from thence conduced as foon as conveniently may be, before fome juflice of the peace for the faid county or city, and liberty of IVeflminflcr, as the cafe fhall he, who, upon oath made of fuch offence or offences as aforefaid, (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered and required to adminifter) fhall and may commit fuch perfon or perfons, guilty of any of the faid offences, to the houfe of correction for the faid county or city, and liberty of fVeflmitiftir9 for any time

not

58	Anno undcdmo Georgii III. C.t2.	[1770,

not exceeding three months, nor lefs than ten days, there to be kept so hard labour: and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiGiooers, at any meeting to be held in purfuance of this ad, to order any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings, nor lefs than five (hillings, to be paid to the perfon who (hall deted, apprehend and convey before any fuch juftice or jufticcs of the peace, any fuch perfon or perfons guilty as afoirfaid, to be paid our of the rates to be raifed by virtue of this ad.

Contingent LXIX. And* for as much as it may fomtims happen* that at expences in* well the jaid commijfioners as the faid committees may he necejfmlj currcd how to ang unavoidably put unto* hear andfuffer feme tofts* charges* and ex* be defrayed. pincn% provided for by any of toe faid former atls or tbit ad* in and about the enforcing the performance of contrails* and other-wife ; be it further enaded. That it (hail and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, by virtue of any certificate or allowance of the committee of the parilh, precind, or place, wherein or in refped of which any fuch cod?, charges, or cx-pences (hall have been incurred, (the faid committee, or five or more of them, at any of their publick meetings, being the majority of the committee-men then met) to be figned as afore-faid, to make an order or draught on the bank of England* or banker as aforefaid, for payment of all or any fuch cods, charges, and expences, by and out of the monies depofited or paid into the bank, or to the banker, on the account of fuch refpefiive parifh, precind, or place.

Charges of ob* LXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, taming this That the cotnmiffioners appointed by and in purfuance of all or an^ *be before-recited acts, by and out °» any monies in cations to pa'r* tbe hands of their treafurer (other than and except fuch monies liament in the as have arifen from or by means of the faid daufe,) common-lait fcHion, Jy called the optional daufe, (hall and may defray and fatisfy the charges and expences by them incurred in and about the obtaining and palling this act; and that every the feveral committees to be chofen purfuant to the directions of this act, by and out of the fird monies to be by them feverally and refpcc-tively a defied and raifed, within their feveral and refptctive parilhes, precincts, and places, (hall and may defray and fatisfy the (hare or proportion of every the faid parilhes, precincts, and places, of the charges and expences which fuch parilhes, precincts, and places refpectively have borne, fuftained, or been put unto in or about their feveral and refpective applications to the honourable houfe of commons, touching this prefent act, and alfo touching any bill or bills, which, in the lad feflion of parliament, was or were brought into the faid houfe by any or either of the faid feveral parilhes, precincts, and places, to the intent to enable certain commiffioners to be appointed in and for fuch parilhes Separately, and exdufively of all others, to pave, light and cleanfe their own parilhes only.

LXXI. And be it further enacted. That no nomination, appointment, information, order, judgement, conviction, warrant, mortgage, or alignment, transfer or other fecurityfor

the

how to be paid.

Proceedings not to be charged with 4Ui)ip duty.

59

1770] Anno undecimo Gcougii 111. c.22.

the borrowing of money, or other writing whatsoever, under the hand and Seal, or hands and feals of, or only figned by any committee or committees, comtniffioner or commiffioners, for putting the faid former acts, or any of them, or this act, in execution, or by any juftice or juftices of the peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concerning, or in execution of any of the powers or authorities thereby or hereby veiled in facn committee or committees, commiffioner or com-miffioners, or juftice or juftices of the peace, or any of them, or transferor aflignment of any of the fecurities aforefaid, made by any per Ion or perfons, fhall be charged or chargeable with any (lamp duty whatfoever.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority Apoeal mag aforefaid. That if any perion or perfons (hall think himfelf, her- be made, felf, or themfelves aggrieved by any rate or rates, afielTment or afleffments, made in purfuance of this act, every fuch perfon or perfons may, and (hall firft apply for relief to the committee of the parith, precinct, or liberty wherein the caufe of complaint is foppofed to have arifen, at the firft or fecond meeting of the faid committee, next after demand made of fuch rate or rates, afieflenenrt or aflefiments 5 and the faid committees re-fpeftively are hereby authorised and impowered, if they (hall fee caufe (b tq do, to give fuch relief, or make fuch other order in the premifes as to them (hall Seem meet; and in cafe the party or parties fo applying for relief (hall not be fatisfied with the order and determination of the faid committee, he, (he, or they (hall and may apply and appeal for relief to the com million-ers at their firft or Second meeting next after fuch determination of the faid committee in the premifes, giving to the faid committee, or their clerk, fix days notice of fuch appeal; and the faid commilfioners fhall and may, and are hereby enabled and impowered thereupon, to hear, determine, and make fuch order therein, as to them (hall feem meet; and if the party or parties appealing (hall he diflatisfied with the order and determination of the faid commiffioners, yet neverthelcfs he, (he, or they (hall be obliged to pay the rate or afieffinent complained of* according to the order of the faid commiffioners in the premifes, and (hall and may thereafter, and not before, appeal to the quarter feffion of the peace to be holden in and for the faid county of AftddUfex% or city and liberty of fVefiminfter% as the cafe (hall be, within three months next after nich determination of the faid commiffioners, fuch appellant firft giving, or caufing to be given, fix days notice at leaft, in writing, of his or her in* tention to bring fuch appeal, and of the matter thereof, to f be clerk to fuch committee, and within four days next after fuch notice entering into recognisance before fome juftice of the peace for fuch county, or city, and liberty of lVeftmfaflcr% with two fufficient fureties conditioned to try fuch appeal, and to a-bide the order of, and to pay fuch cofts as (hall be awarded by the juftices at fuch 'quarter (eflion ; and the (aid juftices, at fuch quarter fcfiion, upon due proof of foch notice being given as a-

fore-

Diftrefs not deemed unlawful

Proceedings not to be qoafbed for want of form.

Plaintiff (hall not recover, il fofBcient a -mends tendered.

Limitation of actions.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22.	[1770.

fore faid, and of the entering into fuch recognizance, (hall hear and determine the caufes and matters of fuch appeal in a fum-mary way, and award fuch cofts to the parties appealing, or appealed againft, as they the faid juftiees (hall think proper; and the determination of fuch juftiees at their quarter feflion, fhall be final, binding, and conclufive.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-laid, That where any diftrefs (hall be made for any fum or fums of money to be levied by virtue of this a<ft, the diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaflers, on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the party or parties be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaflers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining; but the perfon or per-fons aggrieved by fuch irregularity, may recover full faiisfadtion for the (pedal damage only, in any adtion on the cafe.

LXXIV. And be it further enadted by the authority afore -faid. That no rate or rates, affeflment or afleflments, or any proceeding to be bad, touching any order made, or any other matter ' or thing to be done or tranfadted in or relating to any fuch complaint or appeal, or any order or determination thereon, (hall be quafhed or vacated for want of form, or be removed into any of his Majesty’s courts of record at tVeflminfter by certiorari, or by any other writ or procefs whatfoever \ any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXV. Provided always. That no plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall recover in any a&ion for any fuch irregularity, trefpafs, or other proceedings, if tender of fufficient amends (nail be made by or on the behalf of the party or parties who (hall have committed, or caufed to be committed, every or any fuch irregularity, trefpafs, or wrongful proceeding, before fuch adtion brought; and in cafe no fuch tender fhall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants, in any adtion, by leave of the court where fuch adtion (hall depend, at any time before ifliie joined, to pay into court fuch fum of moneyas he or they fhall fee fir, whereupon fuch proceedings or order and judgement fhall be had, made, or given, in and by fuch court, as in other adtions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LXXVI. And be it further enadted by the authority afore-laid. That no adtion or fuit fhall be commenced againft any commiflioner or commiflioners, or any other perfon or perfons adting under them, or againft any committee-man or committee-men, or other perfon or perfons adting under any of the faid committees, for any thing done in purfuance of this ad*, until after the expiration of twenty-one days next after notice thereof fhall be given in writing to the clerk of the faid commiflioners, or clerk to the faid committee, as the cafe (hall be, or after fufficient fatisfadtion, or tender thereof, hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after fix calendar months next after

1	the

6i

1770.} Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.23,—24J

the fadfc committed, for which fuch a&ion or a&ions, fuit or fuits, (hall be brought; and every fuch aition (hall be brought, laid, and tried in the county of Middlefex, and not elfewhere5 and that the defendant or defendants, and every of them, in every fuch a&ion and fuit, may plead the general iflue, and give General iflue. , the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial or trials to be had thereupon; and that the matter or thing for which fuch a&ion or fuit (hall be fo brought, was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ail 5 and if the faid matter or thing (hall appear	*

to have been fo done, or if it (hall appear that fuch aition or fuit was brought before the expiration of twenty-one days after notice thereof given as aforefaid, or that fufficient fatisfa&ion was made or tendered as aforefaid, or if fuch ailion or fuit was not commenced within the time before limited for that purpofe, or (hall be laid in any county or place other than the faidv county of Middlefex, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants therein and if a verdidt or verdidls (hall be found for fuch defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs,in fuch action or fuit, (hall become nonfuited,or futfer a difcontinuance of fuchadtion or fuit, or if upon any demurrer in fuch adiion or fuit, judgement (hall be given for the defendant or defendants, then, Treble cofts. and in either of the cafes aforefaid, fuch defendant or defendants (hall bave treble cods, and (hall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their cofts, in any other cafes by law*	Publick	a£L

LXXVII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That this a& (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and all other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the dame, or giving the fame in evidence.

CAP. XXIII.

An ad for paving and regulating Rofemary Lane, from the pariih of Saint Botolph, Aidgate, to Cable Street; alfo the faid Cable Street, the foot-path in Back Lane, part of the precindfc of Well Clofe. the Areet leading from Nightingale Lane to Katditf Croft, Butcher How, and Brook Street, and the leveral ftreets, lanes, and paflages opening into the fame; and for removing all obltru&ions and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for licenjing an additional number of hackney coachety and applying the monies arifing thereby.

Mod gracious fovereign,

WHEREAS it is found convenient that a greater number of Preamble.

hackney coaches than are allowed by an aft made in the ninth jtar ef the reign of her late mojefty Sheen Anne, intituled, An act Ail 9® Ann*, for licenfing and regulating hackney coaches and chairs; and for charging certain new duties on (lampt vellum, parchment, and paper; and orr cards and dice; and on the exportation of rock fait for Ireland; and for fecuring thereby and by a weekly payment out of the pod office, and by fevcral duties on hides

and

6t	Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.24.	[1	770

tnd skins, a yearly fund of one hundred eighty-fix thoufand fix hundred and feventy pounds, for thirty-two years, to be applied to the fatisfaction of fuch orders as are therein mention* ed, to the contributors of any fum not exceeding two millions, to be railed for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions; Jbould be licenjtd to be employed within the cities y London and Weftininfter, and within the weekly bills of mortality 2 may it therefore pleafeyovr Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s tnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-Comnrflxon- t^ority of the fame. That the commiflioners for licenlfing and crs may u regulating hackney coaches for the time being, or the major cence, over part of them, (hall have power and authority, and are hereby rhe number impowered and required, under their hands and Teals, or the hero?hackney ham*s an<* ^*1$ of the major part of them, over and above the coaches, not number of eight hundred hackney coaches, authorifed to be li-cxceedingioo, cenfed by the faid act, to licence, in like manner, at any time tobeemployed or times, from and after the pafling of this act, any additional number of hackney coaches, not exceeding two hundred, to and liberties ** employed for hire within the cities and limits aforefaid. To of London and that the number of ail the faid hackney coaches licenced, or Weftmimler, to be licenfcd, by virtue of the faid former and this prefent act, (hall not at any one time exceed one thoufand; and that, upon every one of the faid licences, to be granted in purfuance of this act, there (hall be referved and made payable unto his at 51. per Majefty, his heirs and fuoceflors, the like weekly Aim of five week, pay- (hillings of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid from the able from the commencement of every fuch licence, during the continuance thereof refpectively, in like manner, and with like penalties covenants, conditions, and provifoes, therein to be inferred tor the more effectual payment thereof, as in other licences granted in purfuance of the before-mentioned act; and that the fame hackney coaches, and the perfons to be licenfcd to drive or keep the fame, (hall, in refpect thereof, have the fame rates and benefits, and be fubject and liable to all the fathe orders, rules, regulations, bye-laws, penalties, matters, and things, as are or were lawfully preferibed in relation to any perfons li-cenfed to keep or drive hackney coaches; and the renters of fuch licenfcs, and drivers of fuch coaches, before the making of this prefent act: and that all perfons who (hall prefumc to drive or let to hire by the hour or day, or otherwife, any hackney coach or coach' horfes, or to carry any perfon or perfons for hire in any hackney coach, within the cities of London and fPrJt* mer penalties.	or ^ fabvrfa Qf the fame, or within any of the pa-

rishes or places comprifed within the weekly bills of mortality, without fuch leave or licenfe as aforefaid, (hall be liable to all fuch forfeitures and penalties as he, (he, or they would have incurred for fo doing, if this act had not been made.

MonWsrifing H. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority a-by the addi- fore (aid, That all the monies to arife by rents of the (aid additional

commencement of iuch licence.

Drivers of coaches without licence, liable to for-

t7ro.J Anno undecimo Georgii III. C.2*

tional number of hackney coaches, to be licenfed in purfuance tional number of this act, (hall be fubject and applicable tojhe like ufes and purpofes, and under the like penalties, as the other rents upon Venrt hackney coaches are applicable and appropriated by parliament, were appro-

III.	Provided always and it is hereby enacted by the autho- piiated. riry aforefaid. That out of the monies to arife by rents of hack- Commiflioa-ncy coaches, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any three or m lhc more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafu-

rer for the time being, to reward the faid commiffioners for li* peaces for’lt-ccnfing and regulating hackney coaches, and the clerks, offi- cenfing, and cers, and others that (hall and may be employed by and un* ofher inci-der them for their labour and pains, and to dilcharge fuch in* dcnU* cidcnt expences as (hall neccflarily attend the execution of this act, in fuch manner as any three or more of the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafu rer for the time being,

(hall, from time to time, think tit and reaionable in that behalf; any thing in this4 act, or any other law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforeiaid, Perfons Aied That if any action or fuit (hall be commenced againft any per- may the fon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this act, the Scncral defendant or defendants, in any fuch action or fuii, may plead

the general ifliie, and give this act, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this act; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, a verdict (hall be recorded for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfoited, or difeontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover double cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants °°ubIc hath or have in other cafes by law, for recovery of his or their cofts.

CAP. XXV.

An act for raiftng a certain fum of money, by Joans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one tboufand [even hundred and feventy-one.

Moft gracious fovereign,

WE, your Majejiy s mojl dutiful and loyal fubje£ts> the commons prcambjc if Great Britain, in parliament ajfembled^ towards raiftng the ntujjary fupplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majejiy in this fejfion of parliament, have refolved to give and grant unto jsur Majejiy toe fum herein after mentioned; and do therefore mojl humbly befeech your Majejiy, that it may be enabled', and be it e-na<fted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commif-

fioners

64	Anno	undecimo	GeoRGII	III.	C.25.	[1770*

Commiflion- fioncrs of his Majcfty’s treafury, now or for the time being, or mot thctrea- any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time fury to raife being, at any time or times before the fifth day of January, one loans o^ex. thoufand fcven hundred and feventy-two, to caufe or direct any chequer bills, loans to be taken or received at his Majesty’s exchequer, from bctorcjanuary any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies S» *77* i politick or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds; in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by an ad of this prefent feffion of parliament, (intituled. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand froen hundred and feventy-om ,) are enaded and preferibed, concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in purfuance of the faid ad.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the claufes, provjfoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the faid laft-mentioned ad, relating to the loans or exchequer bills authorifed to be made by the fame ad, (except fuch claufes as do charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame a<d, and except fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the faid ad, and alio except as is herein-after mentioned) (hall be applied and extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this ad, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame loans or exchequer bills had .been orginaliy authorifed by the faid laft mentioned ad, or as if the laid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enad-ed in the body of this ad.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no exchequer bill or bills to be made

ceived again out virtue of this ad, (hall, after the fame hath or have in payment of been iffued at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time beany taxes; fore the fixth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, received or taken, or pafs or be current, to any receiver or colledor in Great Britain, of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax whatfoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs, or fucccflors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any fuch receiver or colledor, or from any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwife or on any other account than for the difeharge and cancelling of fuch bills, in cafe the fame (hall be in due courfe or order of pay-norexebang- ment, before the faid fixth day of April\ nor (hall any fuch reed beforeApril ceiver or colledor exchange, at any time before the faid fixth 69 »77»* day of April, for any money, of fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which (hall Adionnotto have been iffued as aforefaid bv virtue of this ad; nor (hall j lie for fuch any adion be maintained againft any fuch receiver or colledor refufal. %	for	|

in manner as by the malt ad of this feflion is preferibed, with refped to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorifed to be taken or made.

The claufes in the laid ad relating to loans or bills.

extended to this ad.

Exchequer bills fo lifted not to be re-

6S

1770.] Anno undedmo Georgit III. c. 25;

for neglcfting or refitting to exchange any fuch bill or bills for ready money, before the faid fixth day of April \ anything in the faid aft made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled.

An aft fir continuing and granting to his Majejiy certain duties upon malty mum9 cyder, and perry y for the fervice of the year one tbou~ fond feven hundred and feventy-one% or this aft, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Money Co

all fach loans or exchequer bills, together with the intereft, pre- raifed to be mium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fame, r*Pa,d out of fhall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall i£men*ary' be repaid or borne by or out of the firft aids or fupplies which aid« *	*

ihall be granted in the next fei&onof parliament: and in cafe and if none be fufficient aids or fupplies, for that purpofe, ihall not be granted granted before before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fe- Ju,y 5»>77»» venty-two, then all tne £aid loans or exchequer bills, with the finf-intereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending \ng fund.

the faAe, ihall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies as, at any time or times at or after the faid fifth day of July, ihall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fiirplufies, exceffes, overplus monies, and other revenues com* poling the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any aft or afts of parliament in that behalf$) and fuch monies of the (aid finking fund ihall and may be iffued and applied, as ibon as the fame can be regularly ftated and af-certained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difcharg-> ing, fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them ihall be paid off, cancelled, and difcharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referred in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpec-tive proprietors thereof.

V.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority afore- Monies Co faid, That 'whatever monies ihall be fo iffued out of the faid fur- iflued1 tobe re- * plufles, exceffes, overplus monies, or other revenues compofing

the finking fund, ihall, from time to time, be replaced byandpiieSa p* out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it declared and further enafted by the authority a- Bank of Eng- . forefaid. That it ihall and may be lawful for the governor an^ ^dtoVd vance company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Ma« thc ^ fUm jefty, in like manner* at the receipt of the exchequer, upon on the credit the credit of loan granted by this aft, any fum of 1ums of mo- oi this aft, ney, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million eight

hundred thoufand pounds, any thing in an aft made in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of King Wiliam and Queen Marjy intituled. An act for granting to their Majejlies feveral rates end duties upon tonnage of Jbips and vejfels, and upon beer9 aley and Gul. & Mari* other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages, in the notwithftand-fa'id aft mentioned^ to fuch perfons as jball voluntarily advance the lD&* fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds towards carrying on Vol. XXIX.	E	the

66	Anno	undecimo	GeoRGII	III.	c.	26.	[1770*

the vttr againjiFrance, to the contrary thereof in any-wifc not* «ithftanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for further continuing the tolls upon London Bridge, for the purpofes therein mentioned •, and for impewerutg the major, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council offembin certain cafes, to grunt licences to perfons pojfejjed of terms for years, of and in houfes deferibed in an a£t of the feventb year of his prefent Mojefty, to build upon and inclofe part of the ground and foil of the fireetsin the front of their faid houfes.

Preamble. TX/H^EAS by an off made in the feventb year reign of Aa7Ge0.HI* * *	MajeJty,	intituled, An act for compleaticg the

for com pleat-* bridge crofs the river Thames, from Black friars in the oty of ing Black-	London,	to the oppofite fide, in the county of Surry, and the

friars Bridge, avenues thereto on the London fide; for redeeming the tolls on the faid bridge, and on London-bridge; for rebuilding the goal of Newgate, in the faid city; for repairing the Royal Exchange, within the fame; for embanking part of the north fide of die laid river, within certain limits; and for further continuing,

. towards thofe purpofes, the impofition of fixpence per chaldroo, or ton, of coals and culm, imported into the port of the faid city, eftablilhed by an ad of the fifth and fixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary; and alio for carrying on the new pavements in the city and liberties of Weftminfier, and parifhes adjacent, and in the town and borough of Southwark, and .for other purpofes therein mentioned; the (ism of thirty tboufand pounds was granted and directed to be applied to and for the redemption of the preferiptive tolls, to which the pajfage ever London Bridge was then jubjeft, and to and for the purebafe of the leafe thereof; the refidue, after futb purebafe, to be placed out at in-ter eft, upon fucb government or real fecurities, or laid tut in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as to the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the faid city, in common council offembled, Jbould fiem meet, in truft, for or towards the ufes, intents, and purpofes, which the faid tolls, or the rents and fines then payable in re-fpett thereof wire then applicable: end it was thereby enabled, that the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the city of London, fbouli pay to the perfons, and for the ufes therein mentioned, /certain annuities of eight hundred pounds, and four hundred and eighty pounds, redeemable as therein mentioned: and it was thereby further enafled, that all and every the tolls which then were or Jbould be payable by virtue of any ad of parliament, or prefeription, for the pajfage over the faid bridge, or for the pajfage over the then intended bridge at Blackfriars, Jbould have continuance, and be paid and payable to tie faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, until they Jbould, by and out of the neat produce thereof, to arife and accrue from and after the twenty-ninth of September, one tboufand feven hundred ana fe-venty (after deducing the charges of the coUeflion thereof and the■

charges

6;

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 26.

charges which would attend the making and executing the bonds there-by directed to be given for fecuringthe payment of the faid annuities, and the charges of obtaining and paffing the fata aft) receive and be reimburfed all Jucb fum and fums of money as they Jbould have advanced in payment of the faid annuities, or for the redemption thereof together with inter eft for the money fo advanced, at and after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum; but that% from and immediately after fuch reimburfement Jhould have been made and com-pleated, the Jaid tolls Jbould ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable5 any law% Jlatute^ or prefeription to the contrary thereof in auy-wife notwithfianding: and whereas the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, did, on or about the faid twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred aud feventy, treat with the lejfee of the faid tolls upon London Bridge, for the purchafe of bis faid leafe, wherein there were then fifteen years and three quarters to come and unexpired y but found his demand grounded upon the in-creafe of the faid tolls, fence the paffing of the faid aft, fo high, as being dedufted out of the faid fum of thirty thoufand pounds, would not leave fufficient for the purchafe or redemption of the reverfion and inheritance thereof; and whereas it is computed that% in order to re-imburfe the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizJnsy what they are direfted by the faid aft to advance in payment of the faid annuities of eight hundred pounds, and four hundred ^and eighty pounds, or for the redemption thereof with intereft as aforefaid, and the faid charges, which they are by the faid in part recited aft authorifed to deduft* the faid tolls upon both the faid bridges muft have continuance until Lady-day, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-ntne^ of thereabouts; and that the Jaid tolls upon London Bridge, if continued till Lady-day one thoufandfeven hundred and eighty-two, would, together with the faid Jum of thirty thoufand pounds, and the inter ft or produce thereof in the mean time* after making good and complecting fitch reimburfement, be a fufficient fund for purchafeng the then remaining term of the faid leafe of the tolls for the pajjage 0-ver London Bridge, and the reverfion and inheritance thereof; may it therefore pieajeyour Majeftyy upon the petition of thefaid mayor ^ aider-men and commons, in common council ajfembledj that it may be enaft-ed\ and be it enafted by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every the tolls, which are now payable by prefeription, for the paffage over London Bridge, (hall, from and after the time in and by the faid in part Tolls now recited aft limited for the continuance thereof, have further Payab,e continuance, and be paid and payable to the faid mayor and Continued0 commonalty, and citizens, until the twenty-fifth day of March, till March a$, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and no longer; 17%%. any thing in the faid aft contained, or any other law, ufage, or prefeription, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwith-ftanding,

II. And be it further enafted. That the faid mayor and com- The mayor to monalty, and citizens, (hall, as foon as conveniently may J>e caufe the

£ 2	after

68	Anno	undecimo	Georgii III- c.26.	[1770*

^otooo 1. to bea^er the parting of this all, caufe thefaid thirty thoufand pounds inverted in the to be laid out and inverted in the purchafe of fome of the pub* publicktunds, lick funds, or placed out at interert upon government or real fecurities; and, from time to time, until Fuch reimbursement to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforefaid, fhall be compleated, pay and apply the dividends, interert, and proceed thereof, to the purpofes to which the faid tolls are appropriated by the faid in part recited alt. and before MI- And be it further enalted, That the faid mayor and March *5, commonalty, and citizens, (hall, on or before the faid twenty-s7gt,purchafe fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-the remaining two, by? with, or out of the net produce of the funds or fe-leafe of the curil*es in or upon which the faid thirty thoufand pounds (hall lolls,	be then verted or placed; and the interert, dividends, or pro-

ceed thereof, which (hall then have arifen or accrued, from and after fuch reimburfement to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforefaid, purchafe the then remaining term of and in the faid leafe of the tolls, and keep, place, or lay out the refidue thereof at interert upon government or real fecuri-ties, or in the purchafe of the freehold and inheritance of fuch lands, tenements or hereditaments, as to the faid mayor, aider-men and commons, in common council aflembled, (hall feem meet, in trurt, for the ufes, intents, and purpofes, to which the faid tolls were applicable before the parting of the faid in ! . part recited alt.

Ctaufe in a£t IV. And whereas, after reciting that it mighty for the greater 7 Geo. IU. regularity or beauty of the fireetsy ways, or pajfagesy to be improved by virtue of the faid a£ty as of the twenty-ninth year of King George the Second, be proper to build houfesy or parts of boufesy on fome part of the ground and foil of the faid Jlreetsy ways, or paffagesycr on fcm part of the former channel of Bridewell Dock, it is by the fend aft of the feventh year of his prefent Majejly enaftedy That it Jbould and might be lawful to and for the faid mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council affembledy for and in confderation of fuch fum and fums of money, or yearly rent or rentsy to be paid into the receipt of the chamber of the faid city 0/Tondon, as they Jbould think reofon-abley to grant to the owner or owners o f the freehold and inheritance of the houfe or houfes fronting any fuch Jlreety wayy or pajfagey licence or licences, under the common feal of the faid cityy to build upon and inckfe fo much of the ground end Joily in the front of the faid refpeflive houfe cr houfes, as they Jbould think ft to be built upony fir the reafens aforefaid \ and that the ground and foil fo built upony in purfuance of fuch licence or licencesy fnould for every or for and during the time or term to be expreffed in fuch licence or licences r effectively , be annexed to and enjoyed with the adjoining freehold; any lezv vfagey or cuftcm to the contrary notwithflanding : and whereas it has happened and may hoppeny that the owner or owners of the freebsL and inheritance of the houfe or houjes fronting fome of the faid ftreets, tvaysy or pajfagesy cannot be foundy or is cr are unwilling to build, and the tenants of fuch ground, having leafes thereof for long tern if yearsy would be willing to build upon the ground and foil in th

fren

ijyoS\ Anno undccimo Georgii III. c. 26.	6$

front thereof if they might obtain fuch licences, and be fecured in the free enjoyment of the faid ground and fitly during the term for which they reffectively bold their faid houfeSy whereby the regularity and beauty of the faid JlreetSy ways, and paffageSy would be fioner ac-comptijbed; be it further cnaded, That it (hall and may be law- Mayor, Sec. fill to and for the faid mayor, aldermen and commons, in com- raay grant li. mon council aflembled, for fuch confiderations as aforefaid, to ccncr*to te~ grant fuch licence or licences to the tenant or tenants of the tal^confider-* houfe or houfes fronting any of the faid ftreets, ways, or paf- ations. fages, having leafes for long terms, of which there (hall be at lead thirty-five years then to come and unexpired, and that the ground and foil which (hall be built upon by order or in purfu-ance of fuch licence or licences, together with the dwellings and buildings thereon, (hall for ever be annexed to and enjoyed with the houfe or houfes thereunto refpedively adjoining, by the federal perfons intereftcd therein, according to their feveral eftates and interefts in the fame; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That nothing Nothing herein this, or in the laid former ad contained, (hall give to any per- ln* or in the /on or perfons whomfoever, except the owner or owners of the

freehold and inheritance of the laid houfe or houfes, or the (hall give right leflee or leflees thereof, who (hall have fuch terms remaining to any perfoa therein as aforefaid, any right or power to build on the faid to build, ex. ground, lying before the laid houfes refpedively; any thing ccPl owncrs* herein, or in the faid former ad contained, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That all and every fuch fum Sums paid for and fums of money as (hall be paid for any licence or licences, licences, how to be granted by virtue or in purfuance of this ad, (hall be, to be appro-and the fame is and are hereby appropriated to the ufes, in- pmt tents, and purpofes to which the monies and rents payable for

the licences mentioned in the faid in part recited ad, are thereby appropriated, and to or for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatsoever.

VII.	And it is hereby further enaded, That if any adion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance or by virtue of this ad, the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or fuit, and every of them, may

plead the general iflue, and give this ad, and the fpecial mat- General iflue. ter in evidence, at any trial or trials which (hall be had thereupon ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch adion or fuit,

(hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of fuch adion or a&ions, or if judgement (hall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then, and in any of the cafes aforefaid, fuch a defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts, and (hall have xreble colts, fuch remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant 6r defendants may have for his, her, or their cods in any other cafes by law.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority a-publickad. forefaid, That this ad (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to

* 3	be

Anno undedmo Georgii III. c. 27.	[1770.

be a publick a£t, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the (acne.

CAP. XXVII.

An a£l for regulating and improving the fijheries in the river Tweed, and the rivers and Jtreams running into the fame •, and alfo within the mouth or entrance of the jdid river.

WHEREAS falmon, gilfes, falmen trouts, and whittings, and the fpawn or fry thereof are frequently killed, taken, and iejlroyed at improper feofons in the river Tweed, and the rivers end ftreams which run into the fame, and alfo within the mouth or entrance of the faid river, to the great detriment of the owners and occupiers of the fijheries, and lofs to the publick: for remedy where-of and for the improvement of the fijheries in the faid river, may tt pleafe your Majejly that it may be enabled 5 and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prelent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the perronskilling fame. That from and after the twelfth day of May, one thou-fcimon, gilfc, fand fcvcn hundred and feventy-one, if any perfon or perfons falmon trout, (hall take, or kill any falmon, gilfe, falmon trout, or whitling, between of ta^e» ^ill, or deftroy the fpawn, fry, or young brood of any io.*nd Jan.* fuch ti(h, in the faid river Tweed, or in any river, rivulet, so. or between brook, or dream, or in any mill-pool, mill-lead, fluice, or cur, is o’clock on which communicates with the faid river Tweed, or within the a*iidVwo n gbt	mouth or entrance of the faid river Tweed, at any

o**clock on rime or rimes between the tenth day of October and the tenth mondaymom- day of January, or between ten of the clock on Saturday night ing, (hail for- and two of the clock on Monday morning, every fuch perfon feit f®j. and perfons (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten millings for e-***** uc . very fajmon^ gjj^ fa|mon trout, or whitling, fo taken or killed, and alfo the fum of ten (hillings for every parcel or quantity of the fpawn, fry, or young brood of any Aich fifti fo taken, killed, ordeftroyed.

Limits of the H» And whereas difputes may arife touching the limits of the mouth mouth or en- or entrance of the river Tweed, be it therefore further ena&ed, trance of the That, for the purpofes of this a6k, the limits of the mouth or river tweed, entrance of the river Tweed (hall for the future be deemed and ‘taken to be and extend three miles from a pier called S%ueen Elizabeth's Pier, and two miles from a rock called HoodsHead Rock.

Any perfon II [. And be it further enabled, That from and after the faid who mall kill, twelfth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-^eflTmnVny onc* x* any perfon or perfons (hall place, lay, fet, continue, of the fpawn. or draw any net, creel, hamper, engine, or other device what-fry, or young foever in the faid river Tweed, or in any river, rivulet, brook, or brood of fifh, ftream, or in any mill-pool, mill-lead, fluice, or cut, which 1 anyone™ cortimuniCates with ri*e faid river Tweed, or Within the mouth or J *'	eptrance

70

Preamble.

*77°-]	Anna undecuno Georg n III. c.27.	71

entrance thereof, in order to kill or take any fpawn, fry, or ^*11 forfeit

young brood of any falmon, gilfe, falmon trout, or whitling,

or (hall take, kill, or dcftroy, or have in his, her, or their cuf-

tody or poflcffion any fpawn, fry, or young brood of any fuch

fifh as aforefaid, between the firft day of April and the firft day

of Jane, every fuch perfon and perfons (hall forfeit and pay the

fum of ten (hillings, for eveiy parcel of fpawn, fry, or young

brood of any fuch fifh which mall be found in his, her, or their

poflcffion, between the faid firft day of April and the faid firft

day of June.

IV. And be it further enaded, That from and after the faid If any perfon twelfth day of May, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy- (ban beat the one, if any perfon car perfons (hall beat the water, or place or	m

fet any white objed, or any other thing whatfoever in the faid manner pre-river Tweed, or in any river, rivulet, brook, ftream, mill-pool, vent the fifli mill-lead, fluice, or cut, which communicates with the faid river cptenng the Tweedy or in the mouth or entrance of the faid river,'or in, over, jor£it or acrofs the faid river Tweed, or any river, rivulet, brook,ftream, any fum not mill-pod, mill-lead, fluice, or cut, or in the mouth or entrance more than 51. of the (aid river Tweed, in order to prevent the faid fifh from cn- nor thao tering the laid river Tweed, or from going up and down the faid 10S* river, or any river, rivulet, brook, ftream, mill-pool, mill-lead, fluice, of cut aforefaid, or (hall by any other ways, or in any o-ther manner prevent the fifh from entering the faid river, and going up and down the faid rivers and waters before deferibed, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every offence, forfeit anpfum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than ten (hillings. T

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hall Perf°ni may and may be lawful to and for the ownqr or owners of any fifhery taa"j>

in the (aid river Tweed, or for the owner or owners of any their own fifhery in any river which runs into the river Tweed, and for all fiflieric*. and every perfon or perfons having his, her, or their authority, licenfe, or leave fo to do, to angle or fifh with rods and lines at any time or times between the (aid tenth day of January, and the tenth day of O&ober, in any year, for any kind or fort of fi(h in his, her, or their own fifhery or fifheries, notwithftand-ing the fame (hall be let to any perfon or perfons; and alfo to take, carry away, and make ufe of the fifh fo taken; and no fuch owner or perfon, having, fuch authority, licenfe, or leave,

(hail be liable, on acoount of any fuch angling, to any penalty inffided by this ad; any thing herein contained to the contra* ry thereof in any wife notwithftanding.	,

VI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if

any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall, at any time or times fci the for-1" after the faid twelfth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred feiture ms. and fcventy-one, lay or place any dirt or rubbifh in the faid river Tweed below high-water mark, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings for every fuch offence.

VII.	And whereas of late perfons have made a praflife of fijhlng Perfonskillrng

in the mouth or enframe of the river Tweed, by which practice the falmon, 6cc. fifty ore difiurbed and hindered from entering the faid river, be it	tjjC

£ 4	there-

7z	Anno	undecimo	Georgii	III.	c.	27.	[1770.

Tweed, to therefore further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from forfeit to*. and aftcr the faid twelfth day of Afoy, one thou&nd feven hun-°r eac , jrc(j anj fcventy-one, if any perfon or perfons whatfcever (hall, at any time or times, fifh for, take, or Idll any fedmon, gilfe, falmon trout, or whitling, within the mouth or entrance of the faid river Tweedy every foch perfon or ^perfons (hall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings for every falmon, gilfc, fahnen. trout, or whitling fo taken or killed, together with the boats, tackle, nets, engines, and all other devices made ufe of art taking or and buying or killing the fame, and alfo the fifh fo killed or taken; and all in * fuchrfitoV* boats, tackle, nets, engines, and other devices fo forfeited, in^their pof- ^all be cut to pieces, burnt, or otherwise deftroyed; or if any feffion, know- perfon or perfons (hall buy or fell, or offer to fale, or have in ing the fame his, her, or their cuftody or poffetlion, any falmon, gilfc, (alto be fo killed, mon trout^ or whitling, knowing the fame to have been killed or ei ios. or ta^en wjthin the mouth or entrance of the faid river, every perfon offending in any of the cafes aforefaid (hall forfeit the Aim of ten (hillings for every fuch falmon, gilfc, falmon trout, or whitling fo bought, fold, or which (hall be in his, her, or their cuffody or pofTeflion.

Perfons hav- VIII, Provided always. That nothing herein contained fhaH ing afifhg'ht h any*vvays Prejudice or aflfefl the right of the owners or proprie-entrancelof C tors Afherics, or the right of any other perfon or perfons who the river by now are, or at any time hereafter (hall or may be feized, pof-theregula- fefled of, or intitled to, any manors, feigniories, or royalties tions herein witln the mouth or entrance of the faid river Tweedy as the tioned.mCn" ^me herein before deferibed ; but that all and every fuch owners and proprietors, and other perfon or perfons, as lad are mentioned, (hall have and enjoy all fuch right of fifhery within the faid mouth or entrance of the faid river Tweeed as they have hitherto lawfully exercifed or enjoyed, or could or might have lawfully exercifed or enjoyed in cafe this a£t had not been made (fo as luch right be ufed and exercifed at fuch times and ieafons only, under fuch regulations, and fubjedt to fuch penalties and forfeitures as are herein before direded concerning the fiflierics within the faid river Tweedy and within the mouth or entrance thereof); any thing in this a Si contained to the contrary in any-wife notwithftanding.

Penalties, &c. IX. And be ic further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, how to be re- That the penalties or forfeitures for offences againft this afk may applied ^ ^	anc* recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offenders

* goods and chattels, upon proof of the offence or offences before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace within that part of Great Britain called England^ the town of Berwick upon Ttveedy . or the bounds and liberties thereof, or before any juftice or ju-ftices of the peace, or fheriff-depute, within that part of Greet Britain called Scotlandy for the county, (hire, liberty, or place where the offender or offenders (hall be or refide, either by the confefiion of the party or parties, or upon the oath or oaths of one or more witnefs or witneiles, by warrant or warrants under (he hand and fegl ot hands and feals of fuch juftice or juftices

iq

1770*] Anno undecimo Georoii IIL c.27.	73

in that part of Great Britain called England, the town of Berwick upon Tweedy or the bounds and liberties thereof, or by warrant or warrants in due form of law of fuch juftice or juftices, or (herifF-depute, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland,

(all which warrants fuch juftice or juftices, or fheriffs-depute, is and are hereby authorifed and required to grant, and to ad-minifter fuch oath or oaths) \ and the penalties and forfeitures which (hall be fo levied and paid, (hall, from time to time, be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh or place where the offender or offenders (hall beorrefide; and the overplus remaining (if any), after fuch penalties and forfeitures, and all charges attending the levying and recovering thereof, are deduded, (hall on demand be returned to the owner or owners of the goods and chattels fo diftrained; and in cafe fufficient d iff refs (hall not be found, or fuch penalties and forfeitures (hall not be forthwith paid, that then it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices, or (beriff*depute, and he and they is and are hereby re-fpedivdy authorised and empowered to commit every fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol or houfe of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month, as the (aid juftice or juftices, or (heriff-depute, upon confideration of the circumftances, (hall think fit.

X. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Conviftions the conviction or convictions of all and every offender or offen- b? m ** ders againft this aCl, within that part of Great Britain called Englandy the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the bounds and liberties thereof, (hall be certified by the juftice or juftices of the peace, by or before whom the fame (hall be made, to the next general quarter fef&ons of the peace to be held for the county or place where the offender (hall be convicted, and (hall be filed atnongft the records of the faid feftions; and fuch conviction (hall be in the following form of words, or to the like effeCt;

(that is to fay)

A.B. woe, upon the complaint of C. D. convifted before offences. me [or us, as the cafe (hall happen] in purfuance of an aft puffed in the eleventh year of the reign of his maje-jefty King George the Third, for regulating and improving the ftftieries in the river Tweed, and the rivers and dreams running into the fame, and alfo within the mouth or entrance of the faid river. Given under my [or our] hand and fed [or hands and feals, as the cafe (hall happen] the day and year above written.

which faid conviction (hall be good and valid in the law to all intents and purpofes, and (hall not be quafhed, fet afide, or judged void or inefficient for want of form only, and (hall not be liable, to be removed by Certiorari into*hi$ Majfty’s court of

E it remembered, That on tbt

in tbt year

Form of coo* viftion tor

King's

74	Anno	undecimo	Georgii	III.	c.	27.	[	1770.

King's Bench,but (hall be deemed and taken to be final to al intents and purpofes whatfoever.

Ferfont pa- XI. Provided always,That where any offender (hall be puni(h-nilbed for of- ed for any offence by virtue of this act, fuch offender (hall not fwce» by this again be profecuted, nor incur any penalty by virtue of any be liable to be °^,er or ftatute, or be liable to any other punifitment for prosecuted the fame offence; and no perfon (hall incur any penalty, or upon any	fuffer any punifitment for any offence committed againfi this act,

other aft.	unlefs the profecution of the fame (hall be commenced within

fix months after fuch offence committed.

Perfcus ag- XII. And be it enacted by the authority afore (aid. That all j grieved by and every perfon or perfons who (ball think himfelf, herfelf, or i Jj* of any themfelves aggrieved by any judgement of any juftke or juftices appeal t<fthe °f the peace, in any of the cafes afordaid, may appeal to the next quarter juftices of the peace for the county, (hire, liberty, or place, (effiaas. where fuch judgement (hall be given, at their then next general •

Suarter feffions; but no fuch appeal (hall be received, heard, or etermined, unlefs the appellant or appellants (hall firft give, or caufe to be given, fourteen days notice in writing to the juftke or juftices from whofe judgement, fentence, or determination he, (he, or they (hall appeal, of his, her, or their intention to bring (uch appeal, and (nail alfb enter into a recognisance, with two Sufficient Sureties conditioned to try 'fuch appeal; and the (aid juftices at their (aid feffions, upon due proof of fuch notice given as afbrefaid, (hall hear and determine every fuch appeal in a Summary way, and (hall award and order to the party for whom, and in whofe behalf fuch appeal (hall be determined, fuch cofts mid charges as they in their discretion (hall think reafbnable and juft to be paid by the party or parties againft whom Such appeal (hall be determined; and in cafe fuch cofts and charges (hall not be paid within the Space of fix days, the Same (hall and may be levied by diftrefs and Sale of the goods and chattels of the perfon or perfons ordered to pay the Same; and if the perfon or perfons ordered to pay Such cofts (hall happen to remove or go into any county, (hire, liberty, or place, out of the jurildiction of the (aid court where Such appeal (hall be brought or heard, it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace of or for the county, (hire, liberty, or place wherein fuch perfon (hall inhabit or be found, and every Such juftke of the peace is hereby required, upon requeft to him for that purpofe to be made, and a true copy of the order for the payment of Such cofts and charges produced and proved by (bme credible witnefs upon oath (which oath Such juftice is hereby impowered to admini-fter) by warrant in due form of law, to caufe the money mentioned in that order to be levied by diftrefs and Sale of the goods and chattels of the perfon that is ordered and ought to pay the fame; and the determination of the Said juftices, at fuch~quar-ter Seffion, (hall be binding and conclufive to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; and no proceeding to be had touching the conviction of any offender or offenders againft this aCt, or any order made, or other matter or thing to be dons or transited

1770.] Anno undecimo GboRGII 111. c.27.	jg

in or relating to the execution of this alt, (hall be vacated or quafhed for want of form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever: and that all and every perfoit or perlbns who (hall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any judgement of any (heriff-depute in any of the cafes aforefaid, may appeal to the lords of judiciary in the next circuit court of the circuit wherein fuch county or mire (hall lie, ££Vnentof in the way, manner, and form, and under and upon the limi- any (hcriff de-tations and conditions prefcribed by and contained in an alt of pute may ap-parliament, parted in the twentieth year of the reign of his late P**J Majefty, for taking away and abolijbing the bereditable jurifdiftions Jjj * °n * in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for other pur- next circuit poles therein mentioned.	court.

XIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Limitation of That no altion at law (hall be brought or commenced againft *aioni. any perfon or perlbns for any thing done or to be done by virtue of this alt, within that part of Great Britain called England, the town of Berwick upon Tweedy or the bounds and liberties thereof, until after fourteen days notice thereof in writing (hall be given to the perfon or per fans againft whom fuch altion (hall be intended to be fo brought, or left at his or their laft or ufual place of abode, fetting forth the caufe of fuch altion ; and that every altion brought for any thing done or to be done as afore-laid, (hall be brought within the (pace of fix calendar months next after the caufe of complaint (hall arife, and (hall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fait was committed, and not elfewhefe; and the defendant or defendants therein may plead the general ifliie, and give this alt and the fpecial matter General iflue. in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by virtue hereof: and if, on the trial of fuch altion, it (hall appear that the fame was brought before the expiration of fourteen days next after fuch notice (hall have been (o given or left as aforefaid, or after the end of fix calendar months next after the caufe thereof (hall have arifen, or if fuch altion (hall be brought or laid in any other county or place than as afore-laid, or after fufficient tender of amends (hall have been made to the party or parties aggrieved, that then, and in any of the cafes aforefaid, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants therein ; and in ail cafes where any verdilt (hall be found for any defendant or defendants in fuch altion, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difcontinue the fame after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or (hall be nonfuited; or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants in fuch altion (hall have treble Treble coiff. cofts, and have the like remedies for recovering the fame as defendants have for recovering their cofts in other cafes by law.

XIV. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, Pabliek a&. That this alt (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick alt, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other performs whotnfoever, without specially pleading the Umtf

CAP-

76	Anno	undeeimo Geougii III. c.zS:	[1770.

CAP. XXVIII.

An all for punching offences committed by hackney coachmen and chairmen> within certain diJlriSs and places therein mentioned \ and for renewing the regiftry of carts and carriages.

WHEREAS doubts have arifen whether offences committed bj hackney coachmen and chairmen, within certain places, which by reafon of the great increafe and buildings, are now become the fuburbs of the cities of London and Weft minder, are cognizable under an alt, made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majejly Queen Anne, in regard fuch places were not the atiual fuburbs cf either of the faid cities at the time of pajjing the faid at1, and that fomt of them are not comprifed within the weekly bills of mortality: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the Preamble. twenty-fourth day or June, one thoufand feven hundred and A& 9* Anne, fcventy-one, all and every the new fquares, buildings, and 1771 |thepa-* ®rccts>	the feveral parifhes of Saint Mary le Bone; Saint

fifties of St. George, Hanover Square \ Saint George the Martyr, Queen Square-, Mary le Bone, and Saint George, Bloomsbury ; within the county of Middlefex, St George the an(j ajf0 a]i the feveral burying grounds within five miles of the Georee* Han- cltlcs London or W.eftminjler, belonging to any of the parifhes over Square," within the faid cities of London or Weftminfter, or the parifhes Saint George herein-before mentioned, (hall be deemed, conftrued, and ad-Bloomfbury, judged, to be within the cities of London or Weftminfter, or the burying ™ fuburbs thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of grounds with- the faid a&; and that the jurifdi&ion and authorities of the in five miles commiflioners for licenfing hackney coaches and chairs, and of of London juftices of the peace, and all the provifions, penalties, and former deemed1" fe*turcs therein contained, fhall extend, and be deemed, con-to be within ft™ed, and adjudged to extend, to all and every the faid new the limits of fquares, buildings, and ftreets, and alfo to the feveral burying the faid cities, grounds belonging to any of the parifhes within the cities of London or Wejlminfter, or any of the feveral other parifhes herc-in-before particularly mentioned.

Commiffion- II. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall ers to order and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners for licenfing and chf^ue *tnn£f anc* rcgu^at*n£ hackney coaches and chairs to order and diredt n^^oach;" the feveral perfons who take out licences for ufing hackney and every* coaches, that they do provide, for the better accommodation of coachman the publick, cheque firings or wires, to be placed in fuch con-plying with- venient part of every fuch coach as to the faid commiflioners forfeit^s. ** fhall ^em mo^ convenient; and every hackney coachman ply* ing for hire without fuch cheque firing or wire, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence the fum of five (hillings ^ to be levied and recovered in fuch manner as other penalties and forfeitures

77

,/7°0 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.28j

fcitrurcs are, by any law now in being, relating to hackney coaches, directed to be levied and recovered.

III.	And whereas, in purfitance of the directions offever at former All perfons ads for that purpofe, a very confiderable number of carts, cars, drays, pofTcflcd of fifh machines, and other carriages have, from time to time, been en- carts, cars, tered with the faid commifftoners; which faid entries>were, by the late

fire which happened in the hackney coach office, entirely confumed, and nov. 16,1770, a!fo all the booh of entries of fucb numbers were totally dejlrcyed, by to make new means whereof the publick will be deprived of the benefit intended by entries, before the faid feveral afts, unlefs feme provifion be made to compel the own- s?Pt*a9» l77*« ers of fucb carts, cars, drays, fijb machines, and other carriages, which had been entered at the faid office, and were in ufe at the time the faid fire happened, to make entries of fuch numbers as they were then pof-Jeffid of, together with their names and refpeftive places of abode; be it therefore further enacted, that all and every perfon or perfons who was or were poflefled of any cart, car, dray, fifh-machine, or other carriages, on the fixteenth day of November, one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy, being the day on which the laid fire happened, and which had been refpedtively entered with the faid Commiflioners, in purfuance of the faid former alts,

(hall, and they are hereby refpe&ively required to make a new	-

entry of every fuch cart, car, dray, fifh machine, or other carriage, with the faid commiflioners, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feven-ty-one 5 and for that purpofe the owner or owners of fuch cart, car, dray, fifh machine,'or other carriage, (hall make out and deliver, or caufe to be made out and delivered, in writing, to to the faid commiflioners, at the office for licenfing hackney coaches, within the time aforefaid, the true and real number and numbers of every fuch cart, car, dray, fifh machine, or other carriage fo entered as aforefaid, which was or were in ufe, or which might lawfully have been ufed and employed on the faid fixteenth day of November, together with the name and place of abode ot the owner thereof; and thereupon the faid commiflioners fhall, and they are hereby authorised and required, without fee or reward, to make an entry or entries of every fuch cart, car, dray, fifh machine, or other carriage, together with the refpe&ive number thereof, and the name and the place or places of abode of the refpeitive owners thereof, in books to be by them provided for that purpofe.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Perfons aeg-That in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall negle& or refufe to I^c^uch en-make fuch entry or entries as aforefaid, with the faid commif- fhall be* fioners, within the time herein before limited, every fuch per- fubjeft to all fonfonegle&ingorrefufing to make fuch entry or entries, (hall be former penal-deemed and taken to have and be poflefled of no fuch number

or numbers, nor to have made any entry or entries whatfoever, with the faid commiflioners, and fhall be fubje& and liable to to all and every the penalties and forfeitures incurred, by all or any of the feveral a£t$ heretofore made for that purpofe, in the lame manner and to all intents and purpofes, as if no fuch en-

4

7*	Anno tmderimo Georgii III. c.tg. [1770.'

"	try or cotries had been ever made; any thing in any former ait,

or ads, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

In all afHon* y. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any defendanM1’ adion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons, may plf»d the ^ *“7 thing done in purfuance of this a (Si, the defendant or de-general iffue. fendaots, in any fuch adion or fuit, may plead the general ifihe, and givethis ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence^ at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad ; and if it fhall appear fo to have been done, a verdict (hall be recorded for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff fhall be nonfuited, or difeontinue hi sadion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement fhall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer a-Donble coftt pinft.the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover double cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have, in other cafes by law, for recovery of his or their cofts.

CAP. XXIX.

An aft far	confoUdating, and rendering mere

fectual the powers granted by feveral	of

for makings enlargings amending, and cleaning the drains, and fevoers within the city of London, and liberties thereof', and for paving, cleanfing, and lighting the fireets, lanes, fquares,yards, courts, alleys, paffages, and *placesand preventing and removing obfiruftions and annoyances within the fame.

Preamble. \Xf HEREAS by in all of parliament made and paffed in tbe AAiQ*Carol. V v	nineteenth year of the reign of his late Charier

*C0B 1 * tbe Setond, intituled. An ad for rebuilding the city of	it

was,	amongflother	things,exalted. That the number and plates for

dll tommon fewers, drains, and vaults, within tbe city London and liberties thereof, Jbould he defigned and fet tut by fuch and ft many per fans as the mayor, aldermen and commonalty of tbe faid city, in common council affembled, J from time to time, autborife and appoint under their tommon feal, or the major part of them ; to which perfons feveral powers and authorities are thereby given, Jor mating new vaults, drains, or fewers, or for cutting into any drain or fewer already made; and for altering, enlarging, amending, cleanfing, and ftouring of any old vaults, or common fewers: and Aft *»*&tj* whereas by another att made in the twenty-fecond and twenty-third Car. *. years of tbe fame reign, the faid tlaufe, or branch of the Jaid in part recited aft, was made perpetual, and tbe powers and authorities thereby given were direfted to he for ever thereafter put in execution, according to the purport and effeft of the faid former aft, and for defraying the charges thereof, tbe laid perfons ft to be appointed as ferefaid, or any feven or more ofthem, were empowered from time to time, to impofe and levy a reafonable tax or	upon	the	fe-

veral wards within tbe faid city and , in manner therein mentioned.

79

1770.3 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29.

turned, U be affejjei as well open the tenants or occupiers of houfis, fbops, or other tenements or hereditaments, as upon the owners or others, interefted in fucb boufes,	or ground,,	unbuilt, and other

hereditaments whereof there Jbould be no prefent occupier: and where-Zy another aft, made in the feyentb year of her late majejly £>ueen Anne, it was amongf other things onafted, That the faid perfons fo Ad 7* Ann*. to be appointed as aforefaid, Jbould execute, within the Jaid city and liberties,	every the powers and authorities given to or vejied

in any comrnffioners of fewers in any other county or place, by force or virtue of any the laws and ftatutes of this kingdomf or of any com-mJEon to them granted purfuant to the fame, and Jbould be deemed and taken to be commiffioners of fewers, within the limits aforefaid, fub-jeft, nevertbelefs, to the limitations and directions of the faidfirjl in part recited Jlatute: and whereas, by another aft made in the eighth year of bis prefent Majejly's reign, intituled, An ad for the better Aft S* Geo. j. paving, cleaning, and enlightening the city of London and liber* ties thereof, and for preventing obftrudions and annoyances within the fame, and for other purpofes therein mentioned ; and for repealiqfcan ad made in the fixth year of bis prefent Maje-fty’s reign, Wr thofe purpofes ; the foie power and authority of pitching, pairing, cleaning, and enlightening the Jhroets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, pajfages, and places, «//>£/* thefaid city and liberties, or* vefted in the Jaid mayor and commonalty, oai citizens, to bo executed by ftub perfons as by the faid mayor, aldermen, commons, of the faid city, in common council affembled, by virtue and in purfso-ante of the faid in tart recited ad, of the twenty fecond and twenty-third years of his faid majejly King Charles the Second, then were, or thereafter from time to time Jbould be autborifed and appointed to be commsjfioners of the fewers for the faid city and liberties, or by any feven or more of them; which faid perfons, fo from time to time au-thorifed and appointed to be commifftoners of the fewers for the faid city and liberties, were thereby conjlituted commiffioners for carrying the faid ad of the eighth year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly into execution : and whereas the powers given and granted in and by the faid feveral in part recited ads, have been found defedtve and infuf- infafflc;ent to ficient to anjwer the good purpofes thereby intended, and whereas Je- abfaer the tferal of the Jlreets, and places within the faid city and liberties, for purpofes in-want of proper fewers, drains, or vaults, are frequently annoyed, the tended. boufes and buildings therein weakened and rendered of lefs ufe, and the health of bis Majejly*s fubjeds greatly ajfeded: and whereas the rates and ajfejfments which the perf ons fo appointed by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, are by the faid aft of the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, autborifed and empowered to raife and levy, for paving, cleanjing, and lighting the faid city and liberties, will be fufficient, by degrees, alfo'to defray the expence of making new fewers and publick drains and vaults, when wanted, and of enlarging and altering old ones where neceffary, and the expence ofrepairing and cleanfmg all the faid fewers, drains, and vaults, ought to be defrayed by the landlords or proprietors of the houfes and lands within the faid city and liberties: may it therefore plcafe your Majcfty th*t it may be enaded; and be it eroded by the

8o	Aiino	undcdmo	Georgii	III.	C.29.	£1770.

King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con* fern of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, that from and after the paffing this alt, the foie power of ordering, defigning, making, enlarging, widening, deepening, railing, altering, removing, repairing, cleanfing, and fcouring of all common fewers, drains, and vaults; and of paving, cleanfing, and lighting the feveral ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, pafiages, and places, within the laid city of London and liberties thereof, (hall be, and the fame is hereby veiled in the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the faid city, to be executed by fuch perfons as by the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the faid city in common council afiembled, (hall, from time to time, be nominated, and under the common feal of the laid mayor and commonalty and citizens, be appointed for that pur-pofe, which faid perfons fo from time time to be nominated and appointed, (hall be, and they are hereby conftituted commif-fioners for carrying this alt into execution.

The recorder II- Provided always, and it is hereby further enalted, that and common the authority of the faid commifiioners for the time being (hall ferjeant (hall jn no wjfe be fufpended or taken away, favc by the appointment, fioners.011" from time to time, of new commifiioners for the faid city and liberties: provided alfo, that the recorder and common (erjeant of the faid city of London for the time being, (hall be, and they are hereby conftituted and appointed two of the commifiioners for carrying this alt into execution.

The powers III. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further ena&ed and de-to beexercifed clared, that all the powers and authorities, by this alt granted JmhofThi°r to or vc^cc* m	commifiioners, hereby conftituted as a-

commiflion- forefaid, (hall and may, from time to time, be exercifed by the ers.	major part of fuch of them as (hall attend at any publick meet-

ing of the faid commifiioners, to be holden as herein after mentioned, the number of the faid commifiioners, prefent at fuch publick meeting not being lefs than feven, (except for the pur-pofe of adjourning) and all alts, orders, and proceedings of the faid commifiioners prefent at fuch publick meeting, (hall have the lame force and effed as if done or made by all the commifiioners conftituted by this alt.

IV.	And it is hereby further declared and enaded that the Firft pabKck firft publick meeting of the faid commifiioners, to be had by meeting. virtue of and under this alt, (hall be at fuch time and place*

within the faid city and liberties, as the mayor of the faid city (hall think proper to order and appoint: and the faid mayor is hereby direlted to order and appoint fuch firft publick meeting to be held on or before the firft day of June next, and to caufe the faid commifiioners to be fummoned to attend the fame.

V.	And it is hereby further enaded and declared, that it (ball

Power to ad* and may be lawful to and for the major part of the faid commif-journ,	fioners prefent at fuch publick meeting, or at any fubfequent

publick meeting of the faid commifiioners (the number fo attending

8x

1770.] Anno undecimo GeoRGII III. c.29.

tending not being lefs than three) to adjourn fuch publick meeting to any future day and time, and to any place within the faid city and liberties : provided always, that every commiffioner (hall have notice to attend at fuch adjourned publick meeting, by fummons from the clerk to the faid commiffioners for the time being.

VI.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded and declar- Maydr to aped, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the mayor a

of the faid city, for the time being, from time to time, to appointlic m€€tM>£* a publick meeting of the faid commiffioners, at any time and place within the faid city or liberties, which he (hall judge proper for the execution of this ad, notwithftanding any adjournment or nonadjournment of the faid commiffioners; and (hall esufe the faid commiffioners to be fummoned to attend the fame.

VII.	And it is hereby further enaded, that the faid commif- Commiffion-Coners (hall and may, from time to time, at any of their faid €r» appoint publick meetings, eled and appoint one or more clerk or derks, clcr*a*

and one or more furveyor or furveyors, and alfo fuch and fo many other officers as they (hall find neceflary for the due execution of this ad, (fourteen days norice of their intention to proceed to fuch eledion or appointment having been firft printed and publifhed in two or more of the daily news.papers, and no«r rice thereof being alfo exprefled in the fummons for fuch publick meeting;) and the faid commiffioners (hall take fuch fecurity as . they (hall think proper, for the due execution of fuch refpedive offices; and (hall and may, from true to time, remove any of the faid officers at their will and pleafure, and appoint others in the room of fuch as (hall die, or be removed as aforefaid: and the faid commiffioners (hall and may, out of the monies arifing, or to arife by virtue of this ad, appoint and pay fuch falaries, gratuities, and allowances, as they (hall judge reafonaljle, to fuch officers, and to all fuch other perfons as (hall have been, or (hall be employed in, or aiding and affifting about the execution of this ad.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enaded, that if any clerk, fur-clerks, Ssc> veyor, or other officer or fervant, who (hall be employed by the (hall not take laid commiffioners, in the execution of this ad, or any part *cc* thereof, (hall exad, demand, take, or accept any fee, gratuity,

or reward whatsoever (other than fuch falaries, allowances, and rewards, as (hall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the faid commifiioners) for or on account of any thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this ad, or for forbearing to do any thing hereby or by the laid commiffioners directed to be done, on any account whatsoever, relative to the execution or nonexecution of this ad, or (hall any-way be concerned in intereft, in any bargain made, or to be made, by the faid commiffioners, for any of the purpofes intended by this ad, every perfon fo offending hall, from thenceforth for ever, be incapable of being employed under this ad; and (hall, over and above, forfeit and pay the i m of fifty pounds, to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the lame, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record Vol. XXIX,	F	at

Proceedings to be entered.

Perfons not free ot the city may be employed.

Notice of con trafts to be given.

No member o* the common council to be concern

Anno undecimo Georoii III. C.29.	[1770.

at Wejlminfier, or within the laid city, by action of debt, bdi, plaint, or information, to be commenced within fix calendar months next after the offence committed; in which a&ion no fuit, nor protection, efloin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, ihall be allowed.

IX.	And it is hereby further enacted, that all the acts, orders, and proceedings of the faid commifiloners, at their faid publick meetings, from time to time, (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe by the faid commifTioners, and (hail be figned by their clerk for the time being $ and fuch entries (hall be deemed and taken to be the original orders and proceedings of the faid commiflioners; and fuch book or books (hall and may be produced and read in evidence in all courts what-foever.

X.	And it is hereby further enacted, that the faid commif-fioners may, and they are hereby authorifed and impowered, from time to time, to employ under them any fit perfon or per-fons, whether free of the laid city or not, in or about all or any of the works which they (hall caufc to be performed, by virtue or in puriuance of this act, and to contract for the performance of fuch works, or any of them, with any perfon or perfons what-foever, in fuch manner as the faid commiflioners (hall think fit: and that no perfon or perfons who (hall be fo employed or contracted with, nor any perfon or perfons to be fet to work by, or under them, or any of them, (hall for any acSC done, or to be done, in or about any of the works aforefaid, be fubject or liable to any action, indictment, or information, upon the ftatute made in the fifth year of her late Majefty queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft containing divers orders for artificers, labourers, fervants of Luf bandry, and apprentices, or be liable to be fued for any breach of the cuftom of London, or for any penalty inflicted by any byelaw of the faid city.

XI.	Provided always, that previous to the making of any fuch contract, notice (hall be given in fome of the daily news-papers, that the faid commiflioners do intend to make fuch contract, and that all perfons willing to engage therein may make propoials to the faid commiflioners, at a certain time and place, in every fuch notice to be fpecified ; and all contracts made, or to be made, in confequcnce of fuch notice, (hall fpecifv the feveral works to be done, and the price or prices to be paid for the fame, and the time or times when the faid works are to be compleat-ed, together with the penalties to be incurred in cafe of the nonperformance thereof, and the fame (hall be figned by the clerk for the time being of the faid commiflioners, as alfo by the perfon or perfons contracting to perform fuch works relpe&iveJy, and (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe by the faid commiflioners,

XII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enacted, that no perfon being a member of the court of common council of the faid city, (hail be directly or indirectly, interefted, or concerned

\in any contract, which (hall be made or entered into by or on

behalf

1770.] Anno undeoimo GeoUgii III. c.29.	83

behalf of the fifd comnrrifftoners, for or concerning any of the in c<jnj hid works to be carried on or performed in purfuance of this traft. y acr, or for or concerning any materials to be ufed or employed therein, upon pain that every fiich contract (hall be null and void, and that the perfon who, being a member of the faid court,

(hall be fo interefted or concerned therein, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wejlminjler, or in the faid city, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, to be commenced within fix calendar months next after the offence committed, in which action or foit, no protection, effoin, or wager offaw, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed; and every perfon againft whom the faid penalty (half be recovered, (hall tor ever thereafter be difabled from being elected a member of the farrd court of common council.

XIII.	And it is hereby forther enacted, that the faid com- sewers, kc. mifiioners may canfe fuch and fo many new fewers, drains, and to be mad?, vaults, as they (hall think proper to be dug, and made, in, a- and the ftreets longoracrofsany of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, and places, within the faid city and liberties, floncn. and alfo any of the fewers and puhlick drains, and vaults, which noware, or hereafter (hall be, within the faid city and liberties, to be enlarged, widened, deepened, raifed, altered, remove 1, repaired, clean fed, or fcoured, when, and as often as to them (hall feem meet; and alfo may caufe all or any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, and places, to be new paved, or repaired, when, and as often, and in fuch manner, and with fuch materials, as the faid commiflioners fhall think fit; and for any of the faid purpofes may, from time to time, caufe to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into the faid ftreets, or places, or any of them fuch gravel, ftones, bricks, and other materials, as they (hall judge neceffary, and may likewife caufe the ground thereof to be raifed or lowered* the cmiffc of the channel running in, into, or through the fame, to be tairned or altered, and the water pipes which now lie, or hereafter (hall be laid under ground, to be taken up and new laid, in fuch places, manner, and form, as they the faid com-miffioners (hall judge beft; and may caufe fuch pofts, bars, and chains, as they (hall think ufelefs or inconvenient, to be taken sway, or removed ; and likewife, all fteps, bulks, (hew glaffcs,

(hew-boards, balconies, windows, window frames, and ftall boards, encroaching upon or extending over the foot-ways, and alfo all fteps and doors opening or leading from the foot-ways into vaults or cellars to be taken away, removed or altered ; any thing contained in the aft of the nineteenth year of the reign of king Charles the fccond, for rebuilding the city of London, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XIv. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted and Nottoexrfn£ declared, that no new fewer, drain, or vault, fhall be made, nor to ^ drains (hill any common fewer, pubiick drain, or vault, which is already belonging to

f 2	made.

84	Anno	undecimo	Georg	11 111. c. 29,	[1770*

Saint Paul's	enlarged,	widened, deepened, railed, or altered, in any

Cathedral. > manner, by virtue of this aCt, fo as to communicate with, or any ways injure, prejudice, or affeCt any fewer, drains, way-draught, or vault, now belonging to tbe cathedral church of Saint Paul in London, and which is fituate, lying and being in the church-yard, of the faid cathedral church, as well without as within the rails thereof, and which hath been made for the ' ufe or benefit of the faid cathedral, and have been and now are kept in repair by tbe order, and under the direction of the lord archbifhop of Canterbury, the lord biffiop of London* and lord mayor of London for the time being, as truftees for the fabrick of the faid cathedral church, without the confent of the faid truftees, or the major part of them, and of the dean and chapter of the faid cathedral church for the time being, firft had and obtained in writing for that purpofe.

Signs, &c. to XV. And it is hereby further enaCted that the faid cotmnif-or removed b*1 ®oners ^all an<* may cauk aH figns» other emblems ufed to fhecommif- * denote the trade, occupation, or calling of any perfon or perfons, (loner*. fign-pofts, fign-irons, balconies, penthoufes, (hew-boards, fpouts, and gutters, projecting into any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, or places, and all other incroachments, projections, and annoyances whatfoever, within the faid city or liberties, to be taken down and removed, and lhall caufe all figns, or other emblems as aforefaid, (hew-boards and gutters, or fuch parts thereof as they (hall think fit, to be affixed or placed on the fronts of the houfes, (hops, warehoufes, or buildings, whereunto they refpeCtively belong, or were before affixed, and not otherwise; and (hall return, or caufe to be returned, to their refpeCtive owners, fo much of fuch figns or o-ther emblems, fign-pofts, or other pofts, fign-irons, (hew-boars, fpouts, and gutters, as (hall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made ufe of in the alterations directed by this act; and that for the future, all (igns, fign-boards, and gutters, (hall be placed or fixed on the fronts of the houfes, (hops, warehoufes, or buildings, to which they refpeCtively belong, and not other-wife ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time hereafter, hang, place, ereCt, or build, any fign, fign-poft, or other poft, fign-iron, balcony, pent-houfe, (hew - board, fpout, gutter, or o-ther projection, obftruCtion, or annoyance, or caufe the fame to be done, contrary to the direction aforefaid, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, and the further fum of twenty (hillings for every day fuch offence (hall continue.

Cranes to be IKVL Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted, that the1	1	anc*	may	lawful	to	and	for	any	perfon	or perfons to

waieboules, keep any crane or cranes already fixed up againft any warehoufe or warehoufes, within the faid city and liberties thereof, or to affix any crane or cranes to fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, and to make ufe of fuch crane or cranes, fo as fuch crane or cranes be turned and kept clofe to the walls of fuch warehoufe or ware* houfes when not in aCtual ufe -9 any thing in this aCt, or any

former

*770.7 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29.	85

former law, cuAom, or Aatute to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithAanding.

XVII* And, for the more fpeedy removal of fundry nuifan- Wa g ees and obfiru&ions within the faid city and liberties, it is here- not j in by further enadcd, that if after the patting of this adt, any com- the flieet a-mon Aage waggon, or other waggon, or any cart, dray, or other b°ve onc carriage, (hall, for the purpofe 6? loading or unloading the fame,<u>ur" or any part thereof, be fuffered to Aand or continue in any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, palTages, or places, above the fpace of one hour at any one time ; or if any cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, (hall be placed and fuffered to (land athwart or acrofs any fuch llreet, lane, fquare, yard, court, alley, paflage, or place, for the loading or unloading thereof, or for any other purpofe whatfoever; or if any fuch cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, (hall be fuffered to Aand or continue in any part of any fuch Arcets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, or places, longer than is neceffa-ry for the loading or unloading thereof; or if any goods, ma-p tcrials, or things whatfoever, (hall be laid or placed, and left in any fuch Areet, lane, fquare, yard, court, alley, paflage, or place, fo as to obAruft the free paflage thereof; then, and itr every fuch cafe, any one of the faid commiflioners, or any one of their officers, to he by them appointed to remove nuifances, Audi and may feize, or caufe to be feized, the Aage waggon, cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, fo placed or fuffered to Aand or continue, contrary to the true meaning of .this ad, together with the horfe or horfes thereunto belonging, or the goods, ma-tcrials or things, fo laid or placed, and left as aforefaid, and remove the fame, or caufe the fame to be removed, to the common pound of the faid city, commonly called the Gnen Tardy there to be kept and detained until the owner or owners thereof, or his, her, or their known fervant or fervants (hall and do claim the fame, and pay to the perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody the lame (hail then be the fum of twenty (hillings, together with the charges of removing and keeping the fame ; and in cafe the feme (hall not be claimed, and the faid fum of twenty (hillings and charges paid, within the fpace of three days next after fuch feizure, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid comtnif-ftoners, to caufe the fame, or a competent part thereof, to be ap-praifed and fold, for payment of the faid penalty and charges, returning to fuch owner or owners, upon demand, the goods and things not fold, together with the overplus (if any) of the monies arifing by fuch Tale.

XV111. And it is hereby further enadted, that if any perfon Continuance or perfons whatfoever, (hall eredt or build or caufe to be eredled °f hoard* in or built, any poAs, bars, rails, boards, or other things, by way of inclofure, for the purpofe of making mortar, or depofitingpj^^^ bricks, lime, or other materials, for building or repairing any houfe or lioufes, building or buildings, or other works, within the faid city or liberties, in any other manner, or lhall fuffer the lame to remain for any longer, time than (hall be neceffary

f 3	for

.Anno underimo Georgii III: c. 29.	[1770.

for fuch building or repairs, or (hall lay any rubbifh within fuch inclofure, or in any publick ftreet, paflage or place within the faid city or liberties, or caufe the fame to be done, and complaint thereof (hall be made to the faid commiflioners by any *	two houfebolders of the faid city or liberties, and the faid com-

miflioners (hall, upon view, or other due proof of the matter of the laid complaint, find the fame to be true$ then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons erecting and building fuch inclofure, and fuffering the fame to remain longer than (hall be ncceffary as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings; and moreover, it (ball and may be lawful to and tor the faid commiflioncrs, to caufe fuch inclofure or erection to be pulled down and removed, and the materials thereof, as alfo all bricks, mortar, lime, or other valuable things contained within the fame, or thereto belonging, to be depofited in the Green Yard aforefaid, there to be kept and detained until the owner or owners thereof, or his, her, or their known fervant or fervants, lhall and do pay to the perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody the fame (hall be, the charges of pulling down and removing the fame; and in cafe the fame (hall not be claimed, and the faid charges paid, within the fpace of eight days next after fuch feizure thereof, it (halt and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners to order the fame to be appraited and fold, and the money arifing therefrom (halt be applied to the purpofes of this a<ft; and the faid commiflioners are further authorifed to remove fuch rubbifh to fuch place as they (hall think convenient, and every perfon laying fuch rubbifh, or routing or procuring the fame to be laid, within, or on the out-lide, or near to fuch inclofure, or in any publick ftreet, paflage, or place within the faid city or liberties, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings, together with the ex pence of removing the fame.

No lime to be XIX. And is is hereby further enabled, that no perfon or flaked in the perfons .whatfoever (hall flake lime in the foot-way or carriage-ftreets, &c. Way 0f any 0f tjjC fey ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, or places, or in any houfe or houfes within the fame, upon pain that every perfon fo offending (hall, (or every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings. Bricklayers or ' XX. Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall piaiterers may be conftrued to reftrain any bricklayer or plafterer from flaking flake in the	)jme within the yards or cellars of houfes which (hall be new-

houfes new-	building or repairing, or within the yards or cellars belonging

building of	t0 the dwelling-houfe of any fuch bricklayer or plafterer, fo that

repairing.	the fteam of fuch lime be conveyed into and through the chim-

ney of fuch houfe> refpe&ively; and that no lime be flaked in any cellar or yard after the hour of fcvcn of the clock in the morning, from Lady-day to Michaelmas, nor after the hour of eight of the clock in the morning, from Muhaelmas^xoLaiy-dsy; pnd if any lime (hall be flaked contrary to the dire#ions of this a<ft, every perfon fo offending (hall, for each offence, forfeit and pay fhe fum of forty (hillings,

JCXI? And

1770-] Anno undecimo Georg 11 III. c. 29.	87

XXI.	And be it further enafied, that if any perfon or perfons £>amagC being (hall for the future carry, run, drive, roil, or draw or caufe to done to the be carried, run, driven, rolled, or drawn, any bier, or any wheel foot-pave-

or wheels, empty cafk or calks, fledge, wheelbarrow, or other ment* carriage whatioever, or lhall ride, lead, or drive, any horfe, afs, mule, or other cattle, coach, or other carriage whatfoever, along any part of the faid foot-pavements; then, and in any of the faid cales, and fo often as th*y or any of them lhall happen, it lhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, who lhall fee any fuch offence committed, to feize, and alio for any other perfon or perfons to a (lift in feizing fuch offender or offenders, and by the authority of this a£t, and without any other warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them, into the cuftody of a peace officer, in order to be fecured and conveyed before (bine juflice of the peace of the faid city: and the party or parties accufed being brought before him, fuen juf-tice lhall proceed to examine upon oath any witnefs or witnefles who (ball appear or be produced to give information touching fuch offence, (which oath the faid juftice is hereby authorifed offenders to and required to adminifter,) and if the party or parties accufed forfeit, for lhall be convicted of any fuch offence, either by his, her, or offence, their own confefGon, or upon fuch information as aforefaid, he,I08,

(he, or they, fo convifted, lhall forfeit and pay the fuen of ten (hillings for the firft time of offending; the fum of twenty (hillings for the fecond time of offending; and the fum or forty (hillings for the third, and every other time of offending.

XXII.	And it is hereby further enafted, that the faid com- Names of miflioners (hall and may*caufe to be painted, engraved, or de- itreeis, uc. to feribed in (tone, or otherwife, and to be affixed in a conspicuous be fixed : pan of one or more houfe or houfes, building or buildings at

or near each end, corner or entrance, of each of the faid ftreets,

lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages or places the name

by which each refpedtive ftreet, lane, fquare, yard, court, alley,

paflage, or place, is or lhall be properly or ufualiy called

or known; and may alfo caufe every houfe, (hop or ware-

houfc in each of the faid flreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts,

alleys, paflages and places, to be marked or numbered in fuch

manner as they (hall judge mod proper for diftinguifhing the

feme; and if any perfon or perfons lhall wilfully or malicioufly pena|tyonde-

deftroy, pull down, obliterate, or deface, any fuch names, de-ftroying, &c.

feriptions, marks or numbers, or any part thereof, or caufe or the fame.

procure the feme to be done, every perfon fo offending (halt,

for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings.

XXIII.	And it is hereby further ena&ed, that no perfon or Alterations in per ions (hall, without authority from the faid commifltoners, al- the pavement ter, or caufe to be altered, the form of the pavement of any of °* thc

the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, or places, or in any way incroach thereupon, upon pain that every perion fo offending lhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fam of five pounds, over and above the expence of relaying and reinftating the feme, according to the directions of

f 4	the

Bad pave* jiitfora to be repaired.

88	Anno	undecimo	Georgn III. c. 29.	[1770.

the (aid conrtmiflioners; the (aid forfeitures and expences to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in anv of his Majesty’s courts of record at fVijlminflir, in the name of the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the faid city of London, to be commenced within fix calendar months next after the commiflion of fuch offence; in which action or fuit, no protection, efloin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance ' fhall be allowed,

XXIV.	And it is hereby further enabled, that, from and au ter the palling of this aCl, if any two houfekeepers within the faid city and liberties fhall make complaint, in writing, under their hands, to the faid commiffioners, of any defeCt or want of repair in any of the pavements of any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, or places, either before or after the fame (hall have been new-paved or repaired by virtue of this alt; then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid commif-fioners (hall forthwith caufe the pavement To complained of to be infpe&ed by their furveyor; and if the fame (hall, by him, be found defective, and fo reported to be to the (aid commiffioners, unlefs fuch defeCk (hall appear to arife from a defeat in the water-pipes under fuch pavement, they the faid commiffioners fhall forthwith give orders to their contractor or contractors, pa-yior or paviors, to repair the fame; and if the contractor or pavior of the faid commiffioners, to whom fuch order (hall be given,' (hall not, within four days next after receipt thereof, repair the faid defective pavement; then, and in every fuch cafe, the (lid contractor or pavior, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings for every day that the faid defective pavement fhall remain unrepaired, after the expiration of the faid four days.

XXV.	And it is hereby further enacted, that when, and fo

When the wa- often as any pipe or pipes, belonging to any of the water com-brofene how Pan*cs* furnifti any part of the faid city an<| liberties with to be taken up wat$r» and which now lie, or (hall hereafter be laid under *	'	’ ground, in any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts,

alleys, paflages, or places, (hall happen to break, burft, or decay, fo as to require reparation, the furveyor of the faid com-miflioners, for the time being, or fuch other perfon or perfons as the faid coquniffioners (hall appoint for that, purpofe, (hall forthwith give, or caufe to be given, notice thereof in writing, to the pavior of the water company to whom he apprehends the faid pipe or pipes do belong, who is hereby required to take up the pavement, and open the ground at or near the place where fuch reparation (hall appear to be wanting; and if the faid pavior (hall, upon taking up fuch pavement, and opening fuch ground, difeover that the pipe or pipes fo broken, burft, or decayed, does not or do not belong to the water company, whofe pavior he is; then, and in every fuch cale, he (hall forthwith give, or caufe to be given, notice thereof in writing, to She pavior of the company to whom the faid pipe or pipes (hall appear to belong, in which cafe, fuch laft-mentioned pavior is hereby required, upon demand, to make fetisfaCtion for the '	'	  ’	‘	taking

Pavement,

i77°J Anno undccimo Georgii III. c.29.

taking up fuch pavement, and opening fuch ground, to the pavior giving notice a$ afbrefaid ; and the pavior of fuch water company, to whom the faid pipe or pipes (hall belong, is hereby required to caufe or procure the faid pipe or pipes to be repaired, and afterwards to fill up the faid ground, and ram down the fame, within two days next after fuch notice to him given ; and as foon as fuch pipe (hall have been fo repaired, and the ground fo filled up and rammed down, he (hall give, or caufe 10 be given, notice thereof, in writing, to the pavior or contractor, for the time being, of the faid commiflioners: and if the pavior of any of the faid water companies to or for whom fuch notice (hall be given, or left at his laft place of abode, fhali* by the fpace of two days next after the giving or leoving fuch. notice as aforefaid, refufe or negledt to take up fuch pavement, and open fuch ground ; or, if upon difeovering that the pipe or pipes fo broken, burft, or decayed, doth not, or do not belong to the company whofe pavior he is, (hall refufe or negledl to give immediate notice thereof in writing to the pavior of the company to whom the faid pipe or pipes doth or do belong; or if the pavior of the water company to whom the faid pipe or pipes (hall belong, (hall, by the fpace of two days next after fuch notice given to him, or left at his laft place of abode, refufe or negledt to caufe or procure fuch pipe or pipes to be a-mended and repaired, or afterwards to fill up the ground fo taken up, or to give fuch immediate notice of his having fo done, to the pavior or contradtor of the faid commiflioners, for the time being; then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons fo refpedHvely refufing or negle<fting, (hall, fdr every fuch offence, (Severally forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds; and if any pipe or pipes, not belonging to any of the water companies, fhali happen to break, burft, or decay, as aforefaid, in any of the laid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, or places; then, and in every fuch cafe, the refpedhve owner or owners thereof ftial! forthwith caufe the ground over the fame to be opened, and fuch pipe or pipes to be repaired, and notice thereof in writing to be given to the clerk for the time being of the faid commiflioners, or, in cafe of refufal or neglect fo to"do, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds; and if any pavement (hall be broken or taken up, for thepurpofe of making, repairing, or altering any vault or drain, or for any other purpofe whatsoever; then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons fo breaking or taking up the faid pavement, orcauftng the fame to be fo broken or taken up, (hall, as foon as the nature of the work will permit, caufe the ground to be filled up, and notice thereof in writing to be given to the clerk, for the time beirjg, of the faid commiflioners, or, in cafe of refufal or neglect fo to do, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings; and the faid clerk of the faid commit-fioners (hall forthwith, upon every fuch notice as aforefaid given to him, or left at the office of the faid commiflioners, at the Guildhall of the faid city, tranfmit fuch notice, or caufe the fame

90	Anno	undccimo	GeoRgii III. 0.29.	[1770.

to be tranfmitted to the pavior or contrador of the faid commif-fioners for the time being; and if the faid clerk fhall refufe or neg-led, by the fpace of two days next after any fUch notice as afore-faid given to him, or left at his laft place of abode, to tranfmit fuch notice, or caufc fuch notice to be tranfmitted to the faid pavior or contrador for the time being of the faid commiflioners, or if fuch pavior or contrador, to whom any fuch notice as a-forefaid fhall be fo tranfmitted, fhall, by the fpace of two days next after the tranfmitting of fuch notice to him as aforefaid, refufe or negled to relay and repair the pavement b broken up; then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfon fo refufing or neglcd-ing.fhall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty fhillings for every day fuch pavement (hall continue unrelayed or unrepaired, after the expiration of the faid two days.

XXVI.	Provided always, That if it fhall happen that, at any time, there (hall be no regular or fixed appointment of a pavior of any of the water companies, in that cafe fuch notice as afore* faid (hall be delivered to, or left at the office of the clerk or fe-crptary of fuch company refpedively ; who (hall, in every fuch cafe, be fubflituted in the room qf fuch pavior, to all the intents and purpofes aforefaid.

Pavior* «f the XXVII. And it is hereby further enaded. That the feveral water compa- and refpedive paviors now employed, or hereafter to be employ* ncxic^of^hrir c<* thc ^ watcr companies refpedively, within the (aid city names. See. or liberties thereof, (hall, within the fpace of thirty days next after the palling of this ad, or within three days next after they (hall be refpedively appointed paviors to fuch company or com* panics, give notice in writing to the clerk for the time being of the faid commiflioners, of their refpedive names and places of abode, and of the names of the refpedive company whofe pa* viors they are, and of the refpedive diftrid to which they are appointed; and, in like manner, the clerk for the time being of the faid commiflioners (hall, within the refpedive times afore* faid, give notice to the refpedive paviors of the faid feveral water companies, of the names and places of abode of the pavicr or paviors, contrador or contradors, for the time being, of the (aid commiflioners; and if any of the faid paviors, or the clerk of the faid commiflioners for the time being, (hall negled to give fuch notice within the refpedive times aforefaid, each of them (hall, for every fuch offence, fcverally forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings/

Water com- XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded panics to pay and declared. That the charges and expences of relaying the the expence pavement which (hall be broken or taken up, for the purpofes Mvementying rcPa^ng or amending any fuch pipe or pipes, (hall be reim* when the*	burfed and paid to the faid commiflioners, or to fuch perfon as

pipes are	they (hall appoint to receive the fame, by the clerk or treafurer

broken, &c. for the time being, of the refpedive water companies, to whom fuch pipe or pipes (hall belong; or if the fame (hall not belong to any of the faid water companies, then, by the refpedive owper or owners thereof, and the ch^r^es and expences of relaying

91

177° T Ann>undecimo GeoRGII III. c. 29.

laying the pavement which lhall be broken or taken up for the purpofes of repairing, cleantmg, or emptying any fewer, pub-lick drain, or vault, or of making any new or additional grates, or of repairing and altering any old grates belonging to fuch fewer, publick drain, or vault, (hall be defrayed and paid by and out of the rates to be raifed under this a&, for the purpofes of repairing and cleaning the faid fewers, publick drains, and vaults: and if fetch clerk or treafurer to any of the faid water companies, or the refpedtivc owner or owners of fuch pipe or pipes, liable to reknburfe and pay fuch charges and expences,

(hall refufc or ncgled to pay the lame within ten days next after demand thereof in writing, (igned by the clerk of the faid com-miffioners, and left at their refpe&ive dwelling-houfes, or laft places of abode, together with a bill to be annexed to fetch demand, containing an account of fuch charges and expences; then, and in every fuch cafe, the money io expended (hall and may be recovered by the faid commiffioners, of and from the perfon or perlons fo liable thereto, by adtion or a&ions of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of I record at fVtjiminfUr, in the name of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the faid city of Londonr, to be commenced within three calendar months next after fuch demand refpe&ive-ly; in which a&ion or adtions, fuit dr fuits rtfpedtively, no ef-foin, prote&ion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XXIX.	Provided nevertbelefs, and it U hereby further ena&- Expcnce cf ed. That if at any time it (hall be found neceffary, for the pur- alteration of pofes of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, railing, al- the pipes to tcring, repairing, or removing any fewer or drain, within the ** defrayed (aid city or liberties, or of new-paving, or altering the pave- ^es^f\hi«KH ment of any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, a&. alleys, paffages, or places, to raife, (ink, or arty otherwife alter

the pofition of any of the pipes or plugs laid down or placed by any of the faid water companies, or by any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, the charges attending the fame (hall be paid out of the monies ariiing, or to arife by virtjie of this adt, for the purpofes of paving, cleanfing, and lighting the faid city and liberties, and making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the fewers, publick drains, and vaults, within the fame.

XXX.	And, for the more cafily obtaining of water, in cafes For procuring of fire, it is hereby further enadled, That the feveral water com- warer times panies, who (hall fupply any of the inhabitants of the faid city or firc*

with water, (hall, from time to time, within the fpaceof fourteen days after the palling of this adt, or within feven days after the appointment of any turncock or turncocks, give notice in Names of the writing to the faid commiffioners, of the names apd places of a- turncock* to bode of their refpedtive turncocks, diftinguilhtng the diftridts be delivered to which they refpedtivcly belong; and if any of the faid compa- u,m4c|! ft>r* nies (hall negledt to give fuch notice within the times aforefaid, cltu,c 0 40^ they (hall, for every fuch neglect, forfeit and pay the fum of for-

ty

Anno undecimo Georgii IIL c. 29,	[1770.

ty (billings; and the faid commifiioners (ball, and they are here* by required, yearly, to caufe to be printed and diftributcd through every ward within the faid city and liberties, to and amongft the feveral houfeholders within the fame, a lift of the names and places of abode of the feveral turncocks of tbediftrictor diftricts within which every fuch ward refpectively (hall lie.

The ftreets to XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted. That the laid combe watered, miffioners (hall have full power and authority to caufe the (aid ftreets to be watered as often as they (hall think fit, and alio to caufe any well or wells to be dug and funk in fuch places as they (hall think proper; and alfo any pump or pumps to be erected in or near fuch places, and alfo any pumps now (landing for the purppfe of watering the faid ftreets, or for any other purpofe, to be removed or altered, and to defray the expences thereof out of the monies to be raifed by virtue of this adt, for the purpofes of paving, cleanfing, and lighting the faid city and liberties, and . making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the fewers, publick drains, and vaults, within the fame. Duft holes,&c. XXXII. And, for the more effectually cleanfing, and keep-how to be	jng dean the faid ftreets, lanes, (quarts, yards, courts, alleys,

wa €*	paflages, or places, it is hereby further enacted. That it (hall

and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners to caufe any number of moveable or fixed duft boxes, dud holes, or conveniences, wherein duft and allies may be depofited for the fca-vengers or rakers, to be erected and placed in fuch of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, as they (hall judge neceflary ; and the occupier or occupiers of houfes or tenements, within the faid city and liberties, are hereby required, daily and every day, to caufe all their duft and afties to be depofited in the faid duft boxes, duft holes, or other conveniences, where any fuch (hall be; or in default thereof, to keep all fuch duft and a(hes in their refpedtive houfes or tenements, or the appurtenances thereof, until the fame (hall be removed and carried away, by the refpedtive rakers to be in this behalf appointed: and in cafe any fuch perfons (hall de-pofit, or caufe or permit to be depofited, any afties or duft in any part of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, except in feme of the faid duft holes, duft boxes, or other conveniences,, where any fuch (hall be, or if any perfon or perfons (hall lay or depofit, or caufe to be laid or depofited, in the faid duft holes, or duft boxes, or any of them, any dirt, dung, or filth, other than duft or afties, or (hall- lay or depofit, or caufe or permit to bo laid or depofited, any dirt, dung, or filth, in any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, or places, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings.

Foot-way* to XXXIII. And it is hereby farther enadted, That every oc-bc deanfed. cupier of any houfe or tenement within the faid city and liberties, apd (in refpedt of houfes lett to inmates) every houfe owjucr (hall, once in every day, before the hour of ten of the

4	doc*

93

i77°0 Anno undedmo Georgii III. c. 2 dock in the forenoon, fcrape, fwecp, and cleanfe the foot-way all along the front of their refpedtive houfes or tenements, or caufe the fame to be (craped, fwept, and deanfed ; and in default thereof (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five (hillings.

XXXIV.	And, for the better lighting the faid ftreets, lanes. Streets, &c. fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, and places, be it hereby ** further enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the* faid commiflioners, from time to time, to caufe fuch and fo

many lamps to be fet up in fuch places within the faid city and liberties thereof, and to be placed in filch manner, and at fuch diftances, as they (hall judge neceflary; and the faid commit* fioners (ball order and diredt at what lime the lights within the fame (hall be lighted, and how long they (hall continue lighted; ' and (hall, from time to time, give fuch other orders and directions in the premifes, as they (hall think needful for the well and fufficient lighting the faid city and liberties thereof.

XXXV.	And it is hereby further enadted, That if any perfon Penalty on or perfons (hall wilfully take away, break, or throw down, or perfons da-damage any lamp that now is or hereafter (hall b$ fet up for magingUmps. lighting any of the laid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts,

alleys, paffages, and places, or wilfully extinguifh the light or lights within the fame, or damage the irons or other furniture thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and fpr any perfon or per-6ms whatfoever who (hall fee fuch offence committed, to feizc* as alfo for any other perfon or perfons to affift in feizing the offender or offenders ; and, by authority of this adt, and without any other warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them to the cuftody of a peace officer, in order to be recured and conveyed before tome juftice of the peace of the faid city; and fuch juftice (hall proceed to examine upon oath any credible witnefs or witneffes-who (hall appear or be produced to give information touching fuch offence (which oath the faid juftice is hereby autborifed and required to adminifter); and if the party or parties accuied (hall be convidted of fuch offence, either by his, her, or their own confeffion, or upon fuch oath as aforefaid, he, (he, or they fo convi&ed, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings tor each fuch lamp fo broken, thrown down, or damaged, or for every light (o extingui(hed as aforefaid; and, moreover, (hall, make full farisfadtion to the faid commiflioners, or to fuch perfon as they (hall appoint to receive the fame, for the damage fo by him, her, or them done, as aforefaid : and in cafe fuch offender or offenders (hall not, on convidtion, pay fuch forfeiture, and make fuch farisfadtion asa-forefaid, fuch juftice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the hidtwill of the faid city, there to be kept to hard labour for any fpacc of time not exceeding one calendar month { and fuch offender or offenders (hall not be difeharged before the expiration of the time for which he, (he, or they (hall be fo committed, unlefs fuch forfeiture and farisfadtion (hall be fooner paid and given.

XXXVI. And

94-

Per fans care-lefsly or accidentally breaking or damaging lamps, to makcfattf-fa&ian.

Lamps how be placed.

Property of the fewer* and pavements, to be veiled in the mayor, Sec.

Anno undecuno Gboroii III. c. 29.	[1770.

XXXVI.	And it is hereby further enadted. That *n cafe perfon or perfons (hall carelefsly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage, any of thp faid lamps fo fet op, or hereafter to be fet up as aforefaid, or the irons or other famiture thereof, and fhall not immediately upon demand, make fotisfadion for the damage done thereto; then, and in every, fuch cafe, it {hall and may be lawful to and,for any one juftice of the peace of the faid city, upon complaint to him made, by one or more credible perfon on perfons, upon oath, (which oath fuch juftice is here* by impowered and required to adminifter) to fummon before him the party or parties who (hall be complained of for doing fuch damage; and, upon hearing the allegations and proof* upon oath, touching the fame, or upon the nonappearance of the party or parties fo complained of, and fortimoned, to award fuch fum or fums of money, by way of fotisfa&ion for fuch damage, as fuch juftice fhall think reasonable; and in cafe of re-fufal or negled of the faid party or parties to pay the fum or fums of money fo awarded within three days next after demand thereof, to caofe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and foie of his; her, or their goods or chattels, the furplus (if any) arifing by fuch diftrefs and foie to be paid to him, her, or them. i XXXVII. And be k further enadted. That all lamps which are or (hall be put up in any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paftages, or places, by any perfon or perfons, at his or their own private expence, (hall, from and after the pafling of this a£t, be placed in fuch manner, as the (aid coramiflioners, appointed to put this adt into execution, (hall diredh

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the property of the fewers, and publick drains and vaults, and of the pavements, which, at the time of pafling of this a6t, or at any time or times hereafter, (ball be within the faid city and liberties, and all materials and things ufed, or to be ufed, in, or about the making or repairing thereof, (hall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the faid city; and the faidcommiffion-ers are hereby authorifed and hnpowered to bring, or caufe to be brought, any adtion or adtions, in the name of the fold mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or to prefer, or order the pre-' fering of iodidments againft any perfon or peribns who lball fteal, take, or carry away, any, or any part of .fuch materials or things; and if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully or ttali-cioufly deftroy, or otherwife damage or fpoily any of the faid materials or things, or any of the works done in purfuance of this a&, or any part or parts thereof, every perfon or perfons fo offending therein, and being thereof convidlcd, by the oath or oaths of one o^more credible witness or wrtneffes, before any juftice of the peace, which oath or oaths fuch juftice is hereby xequired to adminifter, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings for the firft time of offending, and the fum of forty (hillings for the fccond, and the fum of

177°*1	Anno undecimo Georgii 111. c. 29.	95

'five pounds for every other time of offending, together with all cofts, charges, and expences, in refpedi of fuch damage or fpoil as the faid commiflioners (hall be put unto; fuch cofts, charges, and expences, to be recovered in any of bis Majefty's courts of record at fVekminjltr, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of the principal clerk to the faid commif-fioners for the time being, in which a&ion or fait no protection, cffoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XXXIX. And be it further enadted, That no perfoo or per- Private drains fons (hall* without the leave or licence of the faid commiflion- to be made, ers, make or braoch any drain or drains into any of the faid publick fevers, drains, or vaults, made, or to be made, by virtue of this a#, upon pain that every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the Aim of twenty pounds ; to be recovered by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wtjlminflir, in the name of the principal clerk to the faid commiflioners for the time being, in which adlion or fuii no protection, cffoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XL. And be it further enadled. That all private drains which and desnfed, now are, or by permiflion of the faid commiflioners (hall hereafter be made, within any of the publick ftreets or paflages within the faid city or liberties, and which do or (hall iffue into any of the publick fewers, drains, or vaults, (hall be repaired and deanfed under'thc infpedtion and diredtion of the furveyor, or other proper officer of the faid commiffioners, at the cofts and charges of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the lands or tenements to which the faid private drains do or (ball refpeftively belong.

XLI. And be it further enadled. That for defraying the ex- Rates for pence of paving, cleaning, and lighting the faid ftreets, lanes, fewers and fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages; and places, and pre- pavements, venting annoyances therein, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering and removing, all or any the common fewers, publick drains, and vaults, within the faid city and li- • berries, one or more rate or rates, affeffment or affeflinents, fhall, at fuch time or times as the faid commiflioners (hall think fit to order aod dired, by writing under their hands and feals, or the hands and feals of any (even or more of them, be made, laid, and a defied in the feveral wards of the faid city, by the aldermen or their deputies refpedtively, and the major parr of the common council men of each ward, upon all and every perfon and perfons, who do or (hall inhabit, hold, occupy, poffefs, or enjoy, any land, houfe, (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenement or hereditament within the faid feveral wards, and who, by the laws now in being, are, or ftuli.be liable to be rated towards the relief of the poor, in the refpeclive parishes where he, (he, or they (hall refpedively live or refide, for railing fuch competent fum and Aims of money, as the faid commif-Aoners (hall, from time to time, judge needful and diredt, fo as

. fuch

$6	Anno	undecimo	Georgn III. c. 29.	[1770.

fuch rates or afleffments do not in any one year exceed, in the whole, the fum of one (hilling and fixpence in the pound, of the yearly rents of fuch of thp faid lands, houfes,* (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments refpe&ive-)y, as (hall be fituate in any ftrect, lane, fquare, yard, court, alley, paiTage, or place, adually begun to be new-paved by virtue and in purfuance of this a6t, or of any former a& of parliament, and one (hilling in the pound of the yearly rents of fuch * of the lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, tenements, or hereditaments refpedtively, as fhall not be fo fituate; fuch rates refpedtively to be from time to time ascertained by the rates at which fuch refpe&ive lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments (hall be, from time to time, aflefled towards the land tax.

Mijor part of XLII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That it common (hall and may be lawful to and for the major part of the corn-compound for mon counc,l °f each refpedtive ward, from time to time to fates on” compound with the owner or.owners, landlord or landlords, of houfes, See. any houfe or houfes within the faid ftreets and places to be rated as aforefaid, the annual rent or value whereof (hall be under ten pounds, for the rate or afleflinent by this a6t authorifed to be laid upon fuch houfe or houfes, fo as in fuch compofition there be not remitted to* any fuch landlord or landlords, owner or owners refpedtively, more than one half of the rate to be laid upon fuch houfe or houfes refpe&ively.

Lefiees of XLIII. Provided alfo, and whereas the farmers or leffets of markets to tie publick markets, within the faid city and liberties, werey by their pay tUe rate<- leafes thereof or othenvife, bound and liable to pavey cleanfe, and ' light the faid markets; and whereas the expence of paving, cleanfmgy and lighting the faid marketr, greatly exceeds the rate of one Jhilling and fixpence in the pound of the refpeftive rents at which the /aid markets Jland rated towards the land tax ; be it 'further enacted, That the faid farmers or leflees, their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall from time to time, upon demand of the faid commiflioners, or their principal clerk for the time being, pay into the chamber of London all fuch fum or fums of money as the faid commiflioners (hall actually expend in or about the paving, cleanfing, and lighting, the faid markets refpedlively; which faid fum or fums of money (hall or may from time to time, in cafe of refufal or neglect to pay the fame, be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at iVefiminflery or within the faid city* in the name of the laid principal clerk for the time being, any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

The farmers XLIV. Provided neverthelefs. That it (hall and may be Iaw-and leffees of ful to and for the faid commiflioners, from time to time, to markets, to compound and agree with the farmers or leflees of theTaid mar-becompound- j^g for a ccrtain fum of money, in lieu and (lead of the fums e m ’ to be rated and aflefled by virtue of this a6t, the account of which compofition (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe.

XLV. And

177°*] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.29.	97

XLV. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That if it (hail hap- How empty pen that any of the lands, houfcs, (hops, ware houfcs, cellars, Jc affeifcd vaults, or other tenements, within the laid city and liberties,

(hall, at the time of makingany of the faid rates or affeffments, be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied; then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward where fuch premifes (hall lie, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the faid ward, to rate and ailefs the faid premifes, at the times the faid commiffioner*

(hall dired as aforefaid; and in fuch cafe, as well as in cafe the faid premifes (hall, after the making fuch rate or rates, afieff* ment or afiefiinents, become empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, one half of every fuch rate or afleffment (hall be charged on fuch premifes refpedively, and be paid by the firft tenant or occupier thereof, who (hall and may, and is hereby authorifed to deduct and detain the lame out of his or her rent, and the landlord, or owner and owners of Aich premifes, is and are hereby required, to allow fuch dedudion and payment, upon the receipt of the refidue of his, her, or their refpedive rents, and the faid tenant or occupier (hall be, and is hereby acquitted, and discharged of and for fo much of his or her rent, as the rate or affeffment fo paid by him or her (hall amount unto.

XLVI. And whereas many hmfes in feveral of the wards of the Houfes let faid city arty by the feverul landlords or owners thereof let out to ?ut inhlo<^ poor tenants, or in lodgings or tenements to divers tenant5, whereby it will be difficult to rate or affefs the faid tenants, in refpefl of fucb	c

boufeSy or to recover fuch rates and affeffmenU when made, for re* medy whereof, be it enaded, That (Tom': and after the pafling of this ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of each refpedive ward, or his deputy, with the major part of the common coundhnen of the faid ward,' at the times the faid commiflioners (hall dired as aforefaid, to rate and affefs, in every fuch rite or affeffment, the owner or owners of all fuch houfes,* or tenements as (hall be fo let for a lefs rent than ten pounds per annum, or occupied by two or more tenants; which rate or aifeff-ment (bail be paid by .the occupier or occupiers of any fuch houfcs or tenements, or of any part or parts thereof, and the occupier or occupiers of any fuch houfcs or tenements, or of any. part or parts thereof, and the occupier or occupiers of whom the feme (hall be demanded, is and are hereby authorifed and required to pay fuch font and fums of money as (hall be fo rated or aflefled upon the owner or owners thereof, and to dedud the fame out of his, heiyor their refpedive rents, and the landlord and landlords, or owner or owners of fuch .houfes or tenements, is and are hereby required to allow fuch dedudions and payments, upon the reciiptof the refidue of his, her, or their rents; and every fuch occupier paying fuch affeffment or affeffments,

(hall be acquitted and difebarged far fo much of his, her, or their rent or rents, as the faid affeffment or aifeffments, fo paid by him or her (hall amount unto, as if the fame had been adual-ly paid to the peribn or perfons to whom his her or their rent (hall Vol. XXIX.	G	be

$6	Anno	undecimo	Georgii HI. c. 29.	[1770.

fuch rates or affeffments do not in any one year exceed, in the whole, the fum of one (hilling and fixpence in the pound, of the yearly rents of fuch of thp faid lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufcs, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments refpeftive-Jy, as (hall be (ituate in any ftreet, lane, fquare, yard, court, alley, paiTage, of place, a&ually begun to be new-paved by virtue and in purfuance of this aft, or of any former aft of parliament, and one (hilling in the pound of the yearly rents of fuch ’ of the lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufcs, cellars, vaults, tenements, or hereditaments refpeftively, as (hall not be fo fituate; fuch rates refpeftively to be from time to time afeertained by the rates at which fuch refpeftive lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufcs, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments (hall be, from time to time, afiefled towards the land tax.

Mijor part of XLII. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That it common (hall and may be lawful to and for the major part of the corn-compound for mon counc‘l °f each refpeftive ward, from time to time to rate^on0 °r compound with the owner or owners, landlord or landlords, of houfes. See. any houfe or houfes within the faid ftreets and places to be rated as aforefaid, the annual rent or value whereof (hall be under ten pounds, for the rate or afleflinent by this aft authorifed to be laid upon fuch houfe or houfes, fo as in fuch compofition there be not remitted to* any fuch landlord or landlords, owner or owners refpeftively, more than one half of the rate to be laid upon fuch houfe or houfes refpeftively.

Leflees of XLIIL Provided alfo, and whereas the farmers or lejfets of markets to	the publick markets, within the faid city and liberties, werey by (heir

pay uie rates. leafes thereof or otherwife, bound and liable to pave, cleanfe, and ' light the faid markets \ and whereas the expence of pavings cleanfmgy and lighting the faid markets, greatly exceeds the rate of one falling and fixpence in the pound of the refpeftive rents at which the fad markets Jland rated towards the iand tax ; be it 'further enafted, That the faid fanners or leflees, their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall from time to time, upon demand of the faid commiflioners, or their principal clerk for the time being, pay into the chamber of London all fuch fum or Turns of money as the faid commiflioners (hall aftually expend in or about the paving, cleanfing, and lighting, the faid markets refpeftively; which faid fum or Turns of money (hall or may from time to time, in cafe of refufal or negleft to pay the fame, be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wejlminjlery or within the (aid city* in the name of the faid principal clerk for the time being, any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

The farmers XLIV. Provided neverthelefs. That it (hall and may belaw-and leflees of ful to and for the faid commiflioners, from time to time, to markets, to compound and agree with the farmers or leflees of the'faid mar-becompound- for a certain fum of money, in lieu and (lead of the fums ea with. fo ratcj ancj aflefled by virtue of this a<£l, the account of which compofition (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe.

XLV. Aad

xyyo .]	Anno undecimo Georgii III, c.29.	97

XLV. And it is hereby further enaded, That if it (hah hap* How empty pen that any of the lands, houfes, (hops, warehouses, cellars, Jc affcffcdl^ vaults, or ocher tenements, within the faid city and liberties, c e c (hall, at the time of makingany of the faid rates or affeffments, be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied; then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward where fuch premifes (hall lie, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the faid ward, to rate and affefs the faid premifes, at the times the faid commiflioner*

(hall dired as aforefaid 5 and in fuch cafe, as well as in cafe the Jard premifes (hall, after the making fuch rate or rates, afleff. ment or afieffincnts, become empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, one half of every fuch rate or affeffment (hall be charged on fuch premifes refpcdively, and be paid by the firft tenant or occupier thereof, who (hall and may, and is hereby authorifed to deduct and detain the fame out or his or her rent, and the landlord, or owner and owners of inch premifes, is and are hereby required to allow fuch deduction and payment, upon the receipt of the refidue of his, her, or their refpedive rents, and the faid tenant or occupier (hall be, and is hereby acquitted and difcharged of and for fo much of his or her rent, as the rate or affeffment fo paid by him or her (hall amount unto.

XLVI. And tvhinas many houfes in feveral of the wards of the Houfes let faid city are, by the feverul landlords or owners thereof, let out to ?ut hi1 l°dg-poor tenants, or in lodgings or tenements to divers tenants, whereby it b^aflcffed/^ wiU be difficult to rate or affefs the faid tenants, in refpeft of fuch houfes, or to recover fuch rates and ajfofpnenU when made ; for remedy whereof, be it enaded, That fronrand after the palling of this ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the alderirfsm of each refpedive ward, or his deputy, with the major part of the common coundhneia of the faid ward, at the times the faid commiffioners (hall dired as aforefaid, to rate and aflefs, in eve-* ry fuch rite or affeffment, the owner or owners of all fuch hdufes,t or tenements as (hall be fo let for a lefs rent than ten pounds per ammm, or occupied by two or more tenants; which rate or afTed’-; ment (hall be paid by . the occupier or occupiers of any. fuch houfes or tenements, or of any part or parts thereof, and the occupier or occupiers of any fuch houfes or tenements, or of any part or parts thereof, and the occupier or occupiers of whom the feme (hall be demanded, is and are hereby authorifed and required to pay fuch fum. and fums of money as (hall be fo rated or addled upon the owner or owners thereof, and to dedud the fame out of his, her,*or their refpedive rents, and the landlord and landlords, or owner or owners of fuch houfes or tenements, is and are hereby required to allow fuch dedudions and pay* meats, upon the iecdpsof the refidue of his, her, or their rents $ and every fuch occupier paying fuch affeffment or affeffments,

(hall be acquitted and difebarged for fo much of his, her, or their rent or rents, as the faid affeffment or affeffments, fo paid by him or her (hall amount unto, as if the fame had been actually paid to the per (bn or perfons to whom his her or their rent (hall Vol. XXIX.	G	be



arampntier *y Tea

rvx-tttzb J>errjeni rr rzr waz~ ZTwerrds />zcrr . 'L. .1UW U £XCUJ£ /SOI/ p£~	'

ur the zzr

----arrr. zar ima :

: Z2nt oecarsi^TTa

™ ■=. -± ir zErizn* mw apuiV n tiic =-- vrr-wz, Etrnc aarra/ra*- orcur-rr =»&. tivuh: inner rzj cfc tddcrzr^r r zL_n. izrr nr afeafinen: yal have m. rnzi: ■*>r1 iTibp UmlL ic	intoczsr-

zxmmmiunga^ at mar neap pziiki cncr-—-imj! c rar ud, nr hu cepor, /n : : r=SL aim appear tn re aid ccrz-.zsrzri^. .rraioncr or namzmcr?, lu* —-rt-rgrt is or are jnntcet! ~ed m.a'

^ z anr :uT the £»d rnmmifitzmrrL, sm —? 31m m^Bvcni to if aiti tier n d x~ as tbrr ^eJst snnnL. noficr

a* i^hai if ii* adermam. ar d:« rzonssoo coBclfflO -ir izlzz

l or uarcxlbBBh^ or r lixc kztv or l	or	nencr.	TtrtixBxniz"^	-fm

z::n mzr be Jswml © rcr -^i. jfanirorfff owmor xr.Jvor * ic i ;uui nnaZTr /tetenninr * fc* or aitanm^ ^ arlv>

.. ^orbr ot^.

.-.nea oi *"*”**'’ ,7ro; '

7 .,rltafc>^ '

____-	;r»>’'

_____:rrmba3~.^ci

. —*-*>! DUit*S '

or

j77V'Y Anno un&cittx) GsoRon I1L c-29.	99*

his deputy, and the common councilman of fuch ward, or the * major part of them, (hail, and they are hereby directed and im-powered to conform to and purfue fuch determination as they ihali reipe&irely receive from the faid com naiffioners, and which the (bid coaimiffioner* are hereby impowered and required to' rigmfy by their principal clerk for the time being, in writing,* as to what part of the faid ground ought to be deemed a wharf, within the intent and meaning hereof, and (hall rate and aflbfs' the feme accordingly; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftandiag.

L. Andy in order to enable the feveral aldermen of the fend city, Books relating or their rtfpeftive deputies., and alfo the faid tornmiffionersy to form to the poors * proper judgement of any rate or rates made, or to be madey in pur- rates, to be Juanee of this a&y and to grant proper relief, be it further enabled,cxamined* 'That the laid aldermen, or their refpe&ive deputies, and alfo the faid commifiiowers, (hall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to caufe any of the books of the afieff. meat of the land tax, within the faia city or liberties, and alfo any of the books of the afleffments of the rates towards the re-* lief of the poor, within any of the parifhes within the fame, to be brought before? them, or any of them, and to take copies of fuch books, or any part thereof, as they or any of them (hall think fir, without fee or reward; and if any perfon or perfons* in whofc cuftody or power any of the faid books (hail be, (hall refute or negle& to attend the faid aldermen or their deputies refpedHvely, or their (hid commiffioners, with fuch book of books, or to permit! them, or any of them, to take copies thereof as aforefaid y then, and in every fuch cafe, every perfon who (hall fo refute or neglect (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fan* of forty (hillings*

LI. Andy forafmuch as it is reafonabtiy that all publiek buildings churches and (hofpitals incepted) and all dead watlsy and void fpaces of groundy publiek build* fhould be rated and afjijfed in a due proportion towards the paving, meeting-deanfing, and lighting the faid city and the liberties thereof , and the ||^7paces 0f making and altering the publiek fewerSy drainty andvauliSy within ground, to bo the famey it is hereby further efta&ed. That it (hall and may beaileircd. lawful to and for the alderman of each ward within the faid city and liberties, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of fuch ward, and they are hereby required, at! tech time as the' rates and afTeffments herein before directed to? be made by them, by order of the commiffioners, (hall, front' time to time, be madej to rate and aflfefs towards the faid pur-* pefes, all parifh churches, church-yards, chapefs, meeting* houfes, and other publiek buildings whatfoever, not charged to the landtSx, and all void fpaces of grouna, fituate, lying, and* being within their ward, other than, and except the cathedral church of Saint Paul in Londony and the church-yards and ground within the iron fails encompaffing the faid cathedral churchy at fuch rate as the commiffioners, by writing under their hands and feafc, or the hands and teals of any (even or more of them; (hall order and direA* for every* fijuareyard d^

g 2	fuch

lee

*

Tenants to bofpitals to be afleffcd.

Anna undAdtno GeoUgii IIL C. 29;	[1770.

fuch churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting-houfes, pub-lick buildings, and void fpaces of ground, not exceeding the rate of four-pence per fquare yard$ and alfo to rate and affcfs all dead walls within their wards, towards the purpofes afore-faid, at fuch rate as the faid commiflkmers (hall order and di-red, in manner aforefaid, for every yard running meafure of fuch dead walls, not exceeding the rate of (ixpence per yard; fuch rate or rates, afleflment or afleflments, fo to be, from time to time, made upon any parifh church, church-yard, or chapel, to be paid by their refpe&ive church or chapel wardens; and the rate or rates, afleflment or afleflipents, fo to be made, from time to time, upon any meeting-houfe within the faid city or liberties, to be paid by the minifter or deacons, or other per-fon ufually officiating therein : and if fuch church or chapel wardens, minifter, deacons, or other perfon, (hall refufe or negled to pay the fame upon demand; then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch rate or rates, afleflment or afleflments, (hall and may be recovered of and from the perfon or perfons fo required to pay the fame, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejiminjler* or within the faid city, to be commenced and profecuted in the name of the principal clerk to the faid commiflioners for the time being, in which adtion or fuit no. efloin, protedfion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed: and in default of payment of fuch rate or rates, afleflment or affefs-ments, by the minifter or deacons of fuch meeting-houfe, or the perfon or perfons officiating therein, the fame mall be and remain a charge upon fuch meeting-houfe, and (hall and may be recovered by fuch a&ion, bill, plaint, or information, as a-forefaid, againft the landlord or landlords, owner or owners thereof; and fuch rate or rates, afleflment or afleflments, fo to be from time to time made upon any publick building (not being an hofpital) or upon any dead wall or void fpace of ground, (hall be paid by the refpedtive owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof; and in cafe the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any fuch void fpace of ground, (hall not be known, or cannot be found, then the faid rate or rates, af-feflment or afleflments, to be thereon made, (hall be advanced byvthe chamberlain of the city of London fox the time being, out of the ca(h of the faid city in his hands, and the faid ground (hall be and remain a fecurity to the faid chamberlain and his fucceflors for repayment of all rates fo to be by him advanced.

LII. Provided always* find whereas feveral lands* houfes* Jbops* warehmfcs* cellars* vaults* or other tenements or hereditaments, within the faid city and liberties* belonging to fome of the publick bofpitals thereof* are or may be by law exempted from being affejj'd towards tin land tax* in refpeft of the rents payable to the faid bofpitals* be it enabled, That at all times after the pafling of this alt, the tenants or occupiers of all fuch lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, and other tenements and hereditaments, (hall be aflefled, and pay towards the purpofes of this

a#.

J0I

*77°*J Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.29;

aat fuch rates fefpedtively, in the fame proportion, and to the full extent as other lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, and other tenements and hereditaments, within the faid city and liberties, are or (hall be aflefled, without any exemption or dedu&ion ih refpelt of the rent or rents which is, are, or (hall be payable to the faid hofpitals, or the governors thereof; any thing herein before contained, or any other law or uiage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

U1I. And whereas, before the pafjing of the faid aft of the eighth The pave-year of his prefent Majefly, the pavement then lying between the pcnt8 belong-fenee of the church-yard belonging to the cathedral church of Saint th?d^fchu«h Paul, in the faid city ^London, and the channels of the feveralQf Saint Paul Jireets and ways adjoining to and furrounding the faid churchy con- to be affeffed. tained two thoufand two hundred and forty fquare yards, and the charges and expences of repairings cleanfing, and lighting the fame, was then paid out of the inter efi and yearly produce of the fur plus-money of certain duties on coals, granted by divers afts of parliament, and vejled in the lordarchbifhop of Canterbury, lordb'tjbop of London, and lord mayor of the city ^London for the time being; be it hereby further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward of Cajilebaynard, or his deputy, with the major part of the common council of the faid ward, and they are hereby required, when, and at fuch times as the rates and afieflinents herein before directed to be made (hall, from time to time, be made, to rate and aflefs the faid cathedral church towards the paving, cleaniing, and lighting the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the common fewers, publick drains, and vaults within the faid city and liberties, at fuch rate as the faid alder-' man, or his deputy, with the major part 0/ the common coun* cil of the faid ward, (hall judge reafonable, not exceeding the rate of one (hilling and threepence by the year for every fquare yard of the faid pavement now kept in repair, out of the intereft of fuch truft- monies as aforefaid; and that fuch rates or aflefs-ments fo to be, from time to time, made on the faid cathedral church as aforefaid, (hall be paid by the lord archbifhop of Can-terbury, lord bifhop of London, and lord mayor of the faid city of London for the time being, or their treafurer, or other proper officer, out of the intereft and produce of the faid furplps-mo-nies fo veiled in them, upon the trufts and for the purpofesa-forefaid.

LI V. And whereas it would be a great accommodation to the pub- The ground, lick, without any diminution of the grandeur or beauty of the faid area, or fpace, cathedral church of Saint Paul, if the ground, area, or Jpace in the j? tJ*c weft front thereof \ now inclofed with an iron rail or fence, or fome paur8°chu™ch, part thereof \ was to he opened or laid into the Jlreet; be it therefore may be Uyed cnaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid into the pub* commifKoners under this act to treat and agree with the lord1,ck ftrcet archbifhop of Canterbury, lord bifhop of London, and lord mayor pf the faid city for the time being, trufteesfor the fabrjfkof the '	4?	3	faid

IO?

Anno undccimo Georgix III. c.2gr [ 1770.

Aid cathedra] church, or any two of them, and with the dean and chapter of the faid cathedral church for the time being, (who are hereby feverally authorifed and impowered to contract with the faid commilfioners accordingly,) for opening and laying into the faid publick ftreet all or any part of the laid ground, area, or fpace, lying weftward of the great fteps leading up to the faid church, (except that part encompafTed with an iron rail, whereon the ftatue of the late Queen is erected) and the faid commiflioners are hereby authorifed and impowered, by and out of the monies arifing from the rates and afielftnems to be made by virtue of this ad, for paving, lighting, and cleaning the faid city and liberties, to make fucb compensation for the fame to the laid, truftees, as (hall be agreed for; and thereupon to caufe the laid ground, area, or (pace (except as before excepted) or fo much thereof as (hall be fo- agreed for, to be opened and laid into the publick ftreet, any law, or pre* fcription to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding. LV. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and maybe ftall be rated, lawful and for the alderman of	,	for

the time being, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the faid ward, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to rate and aflefs, - in every fuch rate and af-fefiinent as aforefaid, the feveral inns of court and chancery herein after named, in the feveral and refpe&ive fums herein after mentioned, as a compolition for the repairs of the pave* jnents which they have refpedively fuftained; that is to fay. Inner Temple, in the fum of two pounds two (hillings per annum \ the Middle Temple, in the fum of fix pounds fix (hillings per num; Serjeants Inn in Chancery Lane in the fum of ten pounds ,	per	annum; and alfo to rate and afiefs the feveral inns of chan*

eery herein after named, in the feveral and refpe&ive fums here* in after mentioned j that is to fay. Staples , in the fum of fourteen pounds per annum j FurnivaFs Inn, in the fum of twenty pounds per annum; Bernard’s in the fum of fix pounds per annum; Clifftrd's Inn, in the fum of two pounds two (hillings per annum; which rates or a fie Aments, (hall be paid by the treafurer, principal, or other proper ofifcer of the faid inns of court and inns of chancery refpeiiively; and in default of payment may be filed for and recovered in like manner as the rates and afiefiments upon pari(h-churches, church-yards, and chapels, are herein before diredled to be levied and recovered.

Streets in	I* VI. And whereas there are and hereafter may be feveral new

building. m«y Jfreets and places, which are not paved, part of which are or may be be compound.	and in building, and fmall pieces or parcels of ground in feveral

e	tqr.	^	flretts,lanes, fquares,	, yards, alleys, or pla-

tfs, within the faid tityand , unbuilt, which are neither paved,	cleanfed,or	lighted; and whereas it would be a means of

greatly forwarding the good purpofes intended by this all, if builders brothers, owners of lands or houfes in fuch new Jlreets or pieces, yam to pay futh fum or fumt of money towards the new-paving the fame, as	jsher tin- after direfled,	to the faid commijfttntrs j be it

177°.]	Anno undecimo Georg u	III. 0.29.	103

therefore eaa&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners to view and infpect any fuch (Ireet, lane, fquare, yard, court, alley, paflage, or place, which now is, or hereafter may be built upon or building uponj and if, upon fucfa view, they (hall be of opinion that the fame, or any part or parts thereof, is, or are fit and proper to be paved, the faid commiffioners, at any meeting after fuch view, (lull and may order their furveyor or furveyors, or other per(on or .perfons by them appointed for that purpofe, to give notice to the owner -or owners, proprietor or proprietors, lefiee or lefiees, of any Jand, ground, houfe, (hop, warehoufe, coach-houfe, liable, cellar, vault, tenement, or hereditament, in any fuch (freer,

Jane, (quare, yard, court, alley, pafiage, or place, or leave the fame at his, her, or their lad or ufual place of abode, or with his, her, or their known fervsnt or fervants, or if no fuch owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, lefiee or lefiees, can be found, then fuch notice (hall be (fuck again ft the faid pre-miles, or any confpicuous part thereof, which notice (hall require fuch owner or owners, proprietor or proprietor*, lefiee or lefiees, to meet fuch commiffioners at the time and place therein mentioned, not being lefs than fourteen days from the date of fuch notice, to compound for the paving thereof, at any fum not exceeding three (hillings for every fquare yard of fuch pavement, whether carriage-way or foot-way, which competition the faid commiffioners, at their pubhck meeting, are hereby authorifed to make; and if fuch owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, lefiee or lefiees, (hall not attend, or (hall not compound or agree with the (aid commiffioners as aforefaid j then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, at their publick meeting, to order the fame to be paved as foon as conveniently can be, and all the charges and expences attending fuch paving (hall be paid by the refpeftive owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, lefiee or lefiees, and may be recovered by aft ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wt, or within the (aid city, in the name of the principal clerk to the (aid commiffioners for the time being, in which aftion or fuit no protection, efioin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

LVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted, to vacate That nothing in this aft contained (hall be deemed or taken to any agreo m?ke void any contraft, covenant, or agreement, between land- merit between lord and tenant, touching or concerning any matter or thing to	a“d

be done or performed in purfuance of this aft; and in cafe anytena difpute (hail arife concerning (uch contraft, covenant, or agreement, the faid court of mayor and aldermen (hall have power to hear and finally determine the fame.

LVIII. And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be Commiflion-lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, from time to time, ers may com-and at aV rimes heresfeer, to compound and agree with any pet-(bn or periods, agairtft whom, tine faid commiffioners (half bring* breach of-•

G4	or	contraft.

94

Perfons care-Jefsly or accidentally breaking or damaging lamps, to make fatif-fa&ion.

Lamps how to be placed.

Property of the fewert and pavements, to be veiled in the mayor, See.

Anno undedmo Georg n III. c. 29-	[1770.

XXXVI.	And it is hereby further enaded, That in cafe any perfoo or perfons fhall carelefsly or acckten tally break, throw down, or damage, any of the (aid lamps fo fet op, or hereafter to be fet up as aforefaid, or the irons or other furniture thereof, J and (hall not immediately upon demand, make fatisfadion for the damage done thereto; then, and in every fuch cafe, it lhall and may be lawful to and.for any one juftice of the peace of the (aid city, upon complaint to him made, by one or more credible perfon or perfons, upon oath, (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered and required to adminifter) • to fummon before him the party or parties who (hall be complained of for doing fuch damage; and, upon hearing the allegations and proofs upon oath, touching the fame, or upon the nonappearance of the party or parties to complained of, and-foitimoned, to award fuch fum or fums of money, by way of foisfo&ion for fuch damage, as fuch juftice fhall think reafonable 3 and in cafe of refusal or negled of the faid party or parties to pay the fum or fums of money fo awarded within three days next after demand thereof, to caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of his; her, or their goods or chattels, the furplus (if any) arifing by fuch diftrefs and iale to be paid to him, her, or them.

XXXVII.	And be k further enaded, That all lamps which are or (hall be put up in any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, pafEiges, or places, by any perfon or perfons, at his or their own private expence, Ihall, from and after the pafling of this ad, be placed in fuch manner, as the faid commiftioners, appointed to pot this ad into execution, (hall dired.

XXXVIII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the property of the fewers, and publick drains and vaults, and of the pavements, which, at the time of paffing of this ad, or at any time or times hereafter, (hall be within the faid city and liberties, and all materials and things ufed, or to be ufed, in, or about the making or repairing thereof, fhall be, and the fame are hereby vefted in the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the faid city; and the faid commiffion-ers are hereby authorifed and hnpowered to bring, or caufe to be brought, any adion or adtons, in the name of the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or to prefer, or order the pre-fering of indidments againft any perfon or peribns who (hall fteal, take, or carry away, any, or any part of fuch materials or things; and if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully or mali-cioufty deftroy, or otherwife damage or fpoily any of the faid materials or things, or any of the works done in purfuance of this ad, or any part or parts thereof, every perfon or perfons fo offending therein, and being thereof convided, by the oath or oaths of one or^more credible witnefs or wknefles, before any juftice of the peace, which oath or oaths fuch juftice is hereby 1 squired to adminifter, (ball, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings for the firft time of offending, and the fum of forty (hillings for the fecond, and the fum of

1770*1 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. ig.	gfi

pounds for every other time of offending, together with all cods, charges, and expences, in refpedt of fuch damage or fpoil as the bid commiflioners (hall be put unto; fuch cofts, charges, and expences, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at fPehminfttri by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of the principal clerk to the faid commif-fioners for the time being, in which afiion or fuit no prote&ion, effoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaAed, That no perfon or per- Private drains Tons (hall* without the leave or licence of the faid commiffion- to be made, ers, make or braoch any drain or drains into any of the faid publick fewer*, drains, or vaults, made, or to be made, by virtue of this ad, upon pain that every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds ; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVtftminftir, in the name of the principal clerk to the faid commiflioners for the time being, in which a&ion or fuit no protection, efloin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XL. And be it further ena&ed, That all private drains which and deanfed. now are, or by permiflion of the faid commiflioners (hall hereafter be made, within any of the publick ftreets or paflages within the faid city or liberties, and which do or (hall iflue into any of the publick fewers, drains, or vaults, (hall be repaired and detnfed under the infpe&ion and direction of the Purveyor, or other proper officer of the faid commiflioners, at the cofts and charges of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the lands or tenements to which the faid private drains do or (hall refpedively belong.

XLI. And be it further enaCted, That for defraying the ex- Rates for pence of paving, cleaning, and lighting the faid ftreets, lanes, fewers and fquares, yards, courts, alleys, panages; and places, and pre- Pavements, venting annoyances therein, and of making, enlarging, widen* ing, deepening, altering and removing, all or any the common fewers, publick drains, and vaults, within the faid city and li- • berries, one or more rate or rates, afleflment or afleflinents, (hall, at fuch time or times as the faid commiflioners (hall think fit to order and dired, by writing under their hands and feals, or the hands and feals of any (even or more of them, be made, laid, and aflefled in the feveral wards of the faid city, by the aider-men or their deputies refpeCtively, and the major part of the common council men of each ward, upon all and every perfon and perfons, who do or (hall inhabit, hold, occupy, poflefs, or enjoy, any land, boufe, (hop, warehoufe, cellar, vault, or other tenement or hereditament witbin the faid feveral wards, and who, by the laws now in being, are, or (hall.be liable to be rated towards the relief of the poor, in the refpective parifhes where he, (he, or they (hall rcfpediveiy live or refide, for railing fuch competent fum and fums of money, as the faid commif-fiooers (hall, from time to time, judge needful and dired, fo as

. fuch

$6	Anno	undccimo	Georgii	III. c. 29.	[1770-

fitch rates or afleflinents do not in any one year exceed, in the whole, the fum of one (billing and fixpence in the pound, of the yearly rents of fuch of thp faid lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments refpe&ive-)y, as fhall be fituate in any ftreet, lane, fquare, yard, court, alley, paflage, or place, a£hial!y begun to be new*paved by virtue and in purfuance of this a£t, or of any former of parliament, and one (hilling in the pound of the yearly rents of fuch

*	of the lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, tenements, or hereditaments refpe&ively, as fhall not be fo fituate ; fuch rates refpc&ively to be from time to time afeertained by the rates at which fuch refpe&ive lands, houfes, (bops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments (hall be, from time to time, aflefled towards the land tax.

Mijor part of XLII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it common (hall and may be lawful to and for the major part of the corn-

compound for mon counc** cac^ rcfpc(^ve ward, from time to time to tatefon" ° compound with the owner or.owners, landlord or landlords, of houfes, &c« any houfe or houfes within the faid ftreets and places to be rated as aforefaid, the annual rent or value whereof (hall be under ten pounds, for the rate or afleflinent by this a& authorifed to be laid upon fuch houfe or houfes, fo as in fuch cotnpofition there be not remitted to* any fuch landlord or landlords, owner or owners refpedively, more than one half of the rate to be laid upon fuch houfe or houfes refpeftively.

Leflees of XLIII. Provided alfo, and whereas the farmers or lejfets ef markets to the publick markets\ within the faid city and liberties, were, by their p»y tue rates, thereof or otbertuife9 bound and liable to paves eleanfe, and

*	light the faid markets j and whereas the expense of pavings cleaning ^ and lighting the faid markets, greatly exceeds the rate of one /billing and fticpence in the pound of the refpettive rents at which the faid markets Jland rated towards the land tax ; be it 'further enabled. That the faid farmers or leflees, their executors, ad min iterators, or afligns, (hall from time to time, upon demand of the faid commiflioners, or their principal clerk for the time being, pay into the chamber of London all fuch fum or fums of money as the faid com mi doners (hall actually expend in or about the paving, cleanfing, and lighting, the faid markets refpe&ively; which faid fum or fums of money (hall or may from time to time, in cafe of refufal or neglect to pay the fame, be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at 1Vejlminfler9 or within the faid city, in the name of the (aid principal clerk for the time being, any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

The farmers XLIV. Provided neverthelefs, That it (hall and may be Iaw-and Ie(Tees of ful to and for the faid commiflioners, from time to time, to ! markets, to compound and agree with the farmers or leflees of thedaid mar-becompound- for a ccrtain fum of money, in lieu and Read of the fums c m	to be rated and aflefled by virtue of this aft, the account of

which compofition (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe.

XLV. And

177°*] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.29.	97

XLV. And it is hereby farther enaded, That if it (hail hap* How empty pen that any of the lands, houfcs, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, within the faid city and liberties, °e (hall, at the time of makingany of the faid rates or afleflinents, be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied; then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward where fuch premifes (hall lie, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the faid ward, to rate and aifefs the faid premifes, at the times the faid commiflioner*

(hall dired as aforefaid; and in fuch cafe, as well as in cafe the laid premifes (hall, after the making fuch rate or rates, aflefT-ment or afleflinents, become empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, one half of every fuch rate or afleflment (hall be charged on fuch premifes refpedively, and be paid by the firft tenant or occupier thereof, who (hall and may, and is hereby authorifed to dedud and detain the feme out of his or her rent, and the landlord, or owner and owners of fuch premifes, is and are hereby required to allow fuch deduction and payment, upon the receipt of the refidue of his, her, or their refpedive rents, and the faid tenant or occupier (hall be, and is hereby acquitted and difeharged of and for fo much of his or her rent, as the rate or afleflment fo paid by him or her (hall amount unto.

XLVI. And whereas many boufes in feveral of the wards of the Hoofes let faid city are9 by the feverul landlords or owners thereof let out to ?ut hi lodg-pcor tenantor in lodgings or tenements to divers tenants, whereby it wiU be difficult to rate or affefs the faid tenants, in refpefl of fuch boufes, or to receiver fuch rates and ajiffmentr when made, for remedy whereof, be it enaded, That fronrand after the pafling of this ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of each refpedive ward, or his deputy, with the major part of the common coundhneu of the faid ward,* at the times the faid comcniffioners (hall dired as aforefaid, to rate and aflefs, in eve-* ry fuch rite or afleflment, the owner or owners of all fuch houfes,* or tenements as (hall be fo let for a lefs rent than ten pounds per ansmm9 or occupied by two or more tenants; which rate or aflelfr meat (hall be paid by .the occupier oroccupiers of any fuch boufes or tenements, or of any part or parts thereof, and the occupier or occupiers of any fuch houfes or tenements, or of any part or parts thereof, and the occupier or occupiers of whom the feme (hall be demoded, is and are hereby authorifed and required to pay fuch fum. and fums of money as (hall be fo rated or a defied upon the owner or owners thereof, and to dedud the fame out of his, hevor their refpedive rents, and the landlord and landlords, or owner or owners of fuch.houfes or tenements, is and are hereby required to allow fuch dedudions and pay* meats, upon the receipt of the refidue of his, her, or their rents; and every fuch occupier paying fuch a(Te(Tment or afleflinents,

(hall be acquitted and discharged for fo much of his, her, or their rent or rents, as the faid afleflment or afleflinents, fo paid by him or her (hall amount unto, as if the fame had been adual-)j paid to the perfonor perfons to whom his her or their rent (hall

Vol. XXIX.	G	be

V*

Anno undcrimo GCojigii 11L 0.29.	.	[1770.

be due and payable \ aod m default of paytnent of the faid rate or rates, aflefimtDt or a/TefTraents, the £unc /hall be and remain a charge upon the faid pretnifes, and /hall and may be recovered of and from the landlord or landlords, owner or owners thereof refpc&ively, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint,, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record ULkVefheunftery or within the faid city, to be commenced and prafccuted by the faid conuniffioners, m the name of their principal clerk for tbe time being; in which adion or fuit, no protection, eflom, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed* Owners of XLVII. And whereas ftveral manufaftures% trades, occupations, houHr^c an<*	nec(/ferity take up and require great room,	by reafen

ir^yte reHev- whereof the perfons concerned therein are obliged to pay targe rents, ed by com- and it may be a great and intolerable hardfbip upon Jucb perjens to be tnifiioners. rated to tbe full extent of their respective rents, towards the purpofes of this aft; and whereas it may be reafenable to excvfe feme perjens from the payment of tbe aforefaid rates and ajfeffments, in tbe whole, or in party on account of their poverty; for relief therefore, in fuch cafes, it is hereby further ena&cd and declared. That in any of the cafes aforefaid, any perfon or perfons may apply to tbe faid commiffioners by petition, in writing, fetting forth tbe dreutn-ftances of his, her, or their cate, giving notice to the alderman of the ‘ward wherein fuch rate or affeffinent /hall have been made, or hit deputy ; and fuch petition (hall be taken into con-fideration by tbe (aid commiffioners, at their next publick meeting, of which the alderman of the ward, or has deputy, (hall have fpccial notice ; and if it (hall then appear to the (aid com-miffioners, upon hearing the faid petitioner or petitioners, that i the faid petitioner or petitioners is or are infilled to relief, it | (hall and may be lawful to and for tbe faid commiffioners, and they are hereby autborifed aod impowered to award the (aid petitioner or petitioners fuch relief as they tbe (aid commiffioners Oiall think juft and reasonable.

XLVIII. Provided always. That if the alderman, or his deputy, or the major part of the common oouncilmen of fuch ward, (hall think fuch award unjisft or unreafonable, or if the party or parties concerned (hall think him, or herfelf, or them (elves aggrieved by fuch award, it (hall and may be lawful to 'and for any. of them to appeal from fuch award to the court of mayor ind iMermen of the faid city, who (had finally determine whether the faid petitioner or petitioners is or are intitled to any, and what relief in the premifes.

XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enuded. Wharfs, &c. That no perfon or perfons (hail, m refpeA of any wharf, or of hoyo be	any warehoufe, vault, or cellar upon any wharf, not fronting

aiufled*	gny ftreet or lane, be rated dr afleffed, or be liable to pay more

than two-thirds of the rates or aflefiments herein before dire&ed to be rated and aflefled on lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, and other tenements, within the (evcrul wards of the faid city of London; but the alderman of the ward where any ground, which (hall be claimed to be a wharf, (hall lie, or a	-	his



*77®'] Aoao un&chfio GeoROTI ID* 0.29#	99*

his deputy, and the common councihnen of fuoh ward, or the * major part of them* (hall, and they are hereby directed and im-powered to conform to and purfuc fuch determination as they (hail refpe&irely receive from the faitf commiffioners, and which the faid commiffioners are hereby impowered and required to' fignify by their principal clerk for the time being, in writing,* as to what part of the faid ground ought to be deemed a wharf, within the intent and meaning hereof, and (hall rate and aflefs* the feme accordingly; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in arty-wife notwithstanding.

L- And, in order to enable the feveral aldermen of the faid city, Books relating or their refpeftive deputies, and alfo the faid commiffioners, to form to the poors proper judgment of any rate or rotes mode, or to be made, in par* rates, tobe fuanu ef this aft, and te grant proper relief be it further enacted, examined. -That the (aid aldertnen, or their refpe&ive deputies, and alfo the faid commiAoBers, (hall and may, and they are hereby au-thorifed and impowered, to caufe any of the books of the afleffi* ment of the land tax, within the faid city or liberties, and alfo any of the books of the afieffinents of the rates towards the re^ lief of the poor, within any of the pariihes within the fame, to be brought before them, or any of them, and to take copies of foch books, or any part thereof, as they or any of them (hall think fir, without fee or reward; and if any perfon or perfons* in whofc cuftody or power- any of the faid books (hall be, (hall refufe or negleft to attend the faid aldermen or their deputies rcfpedHvely, or their faid commiffioners, with fuch book or books, or to permit them, or any of them, to take copies thereof as aforefeid y then, and in every fuch cafe, every perfon who (hall fo refufe or negle<£t (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the font of forty (hillings.

LI. And, for afmuch os it is reafonable, that all publick buildings Churches and (hofpitals incepted) and all dead walls, and void /paces of ground, publick build-jheuld be rated and ajffijfed in a due proportion towards the paving,	meeting-

deanftngy and lighting the'faid city and the liberties thereof , and the yoiVfpaces of making and altering the publick fewers, drains, and vaults, within ground, to be the fame, it is hereby further efta&ed. That it foal I and may bealTeffed. lawful to and for the alderman of each ward within the faid city and liberties, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of fuch ward, and they are hereby required, at! fuch time as the' rares and afieffmems herein before directed ttf be made by them, by order of the commiffioners, (hall, front' time to time, be made; to rate and aflefs towards the faid pur-> pofes, all parith churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting-houfes, and other publick buildings whatfoever, not charged to* the land tax, and all void fpaces of ground, fituate, lying, an<f being within their ward, other than, and except the cathedral church of Saint Paul in London, add the church-yards and ground within the iron fails encompaflxng the faid cathedral church, at fuch rate as the commiffioners, by writing under their hands and feats, or the hands and fails of any (even or more of them* (hall* order and direA, for every (querejard^

c 2	fuch

XOft

r

Tenants to hospitals to be afleflcd.

Anna undddmo GeoRgii ID. c. 29;	[1770.

fuch churches* church-yards, chapels, meeting-houfes, pub-lick buildings, and void (paces of ground, not exceeding the rate of four-pence per fquare yard; and alfo to rate and aflefs all dead walls within their wards, towards the purpofes afore-faid, at fuch rate as the faid commiffioners (hall order and di-red, in manner aforefsid, for every yard running mcafure of fuch dead walls, not exceeding the rate of fixpence per yard; fuch rate or rates, afleffinent or afleffinents, fo to be, from time to time, made upon any parifh church, church-yard, or chapel, to be paid by their refpe&ive church or chapel wardens ; and Che rate or rates, afleffinent or afleffipents, fo to be made, from time to time, upon any meeting- houfe within the faid city cr liberties, to be paid by the minifter or deacons, or other per-fon ufually officiating therein : and if fuch church or chapel wardens, minifter, deacons, or other perfon, (hall refufe or ciegled to pay the fame upon demand; then, and in every fuch cate, fuch rate or rates, aflefiment or afleftmcnts, (hall and may be recovered of and from the perfon or perions fo required to pay the fame, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at fVejtminJier, or within the faid city, to be commenced and profecuted in the name of the principal clerk to the faid commiffioners for the time being, in which adion or fuit no elToin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed: and in default of payment of fuch rate or rates, afteffinent or aflefs-ments, by the minifter or deacons of fuch meeting-houfe, or the perfon or perfons officiating therein, the fame mall be and remain a charge upon fuch meeting-houfe, and (hall and may be recovered by fuch a&ion, bill, plaint, or information, as a-forefaid, againft the landlord or landlords, owner or owners thereof; and fuch rate or rates, afleffinent or afleflments, fo to be from time to time made upon any publick building (not being an hofpital) or upon any dead wall or void fpace of ground, (hall be paid by the refpedtive owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof; and in cafe the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any fuch void fpace of ground, (hall not be known, or cannot be found, then the faid rate or rates, af-feffinent or afleflments, to be thereon made, (hall be advanced by.the chamberlain of the city of London for the time being, out of the calh of the faid city in his hands, and the faid ground (hall be and remain a fecurity to the faid chamberlain and his fucceflbrs for repayment of all rates fo to be by him advanced.

LII. Provided always, find whereas feveral lands% houfes, Jbopsy warebmfes, cellars, vaults, or ether tenements or hereditaments% within the faid city and liberties, belonging to fme of the pteblUi bofpitals thereof are or may be by law exempted from being affejfed towards tin land tax, in rejpeft of the rents payable to the faid bof-pitals, be it enafted. That at all times after the palling of thi& a&, the tenants or occupiers of all fuch lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, and other tenements and hereditaments, (hall be aflefled, and pay towards the purpofes of this

1770.3 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.29;

at fuch rates fefpedtivcly, in the fame proportion, and to the full extent as other lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, and other tenements and hereditaments, within the faid city and liberties, are or (hall be aflefied, without any exemption or dedu&ion ih refpeft of the rent or rents which is, are, or (hall be payable to the faid hofpitals, or the governors thereof; any thing herein before contained, or any other law or uiage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

LI LI. And whereas, before the pajjing of the faid aft of the eighth The pave-yeor of his prefent Majefly, the pavement then lying between the F1*™* belong-fen" of	tieebureb-yardbelonging to	the Saint

Paul, tn the faid city of London, and the channels of the feveral Qf saint Paul Jireets and ways adjoining to and furrounding the faid church, con- to be aflefTed. tained two thoufand two hundred and forty fquare yards, and the charges and expences of repairing, clean[mg, and lighting the fame, was then paid out of the inter ejl and yearly produce of the fur plus-money of certain duties on coals, granted by divers afts ofparliament, and vejled in the lord archbijhop of Canterbury, lord bifhop of London, and lord mayor of the city ^London for the time being $ be it hereby further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward of Caftlebaynar'd, or his deputy, with the major part of the common council of the faid ward, and they are hereby required, when, and at fuch times as the rates and afiefiments herein before dire&ed to be made (hall, from time to time, be made, to rate and aflefs the faid cathedral church towards the paving, cleanfing, and lighting the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the common fewers, publick drains, and vaults within the faid city and liberties, at fuch rate as the faid aider-man, or his deputy, with the major part 0/ the common council of the faid ward, (hall judge reafonable, not exceeding the rate of one (hilling and threepence by the year for every fquare yard of the faid pavement now kept in repair, out of the intereft of fuch truft- monies as aforefaid; and that fuch rates or aflefs-ments fo to be, from time to time, made on the faid cathedral cfeurch as aforefaid, (hall be paid by the lord archbifhop of Canterbury* lord bifhop of London, and lord mayor of the faid city of London for the time being, or their treafurer, or other proper officer, out of the intereft and produce of the faid furplps-mo-nies fo veiled in them, upon the trufts and for the purpofes a-forefaid.

LI V. And whereas it would be a great accommodation to the pub- The ground, lick, without any diminution of the grandeur or beauty of the faid area, or fpace, cathedral church of Saint Paul, if the ground, area, or Jpace in the jp thc weft front thereof, now inclofed with an iron rail or fence, or fame p^up8°church part thereof, was to be opened or laid into the ftreet; be it therefore may be layed ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid into the pub* commiffioners under this act to treat and agree with the lordlick ***** archbifhop of Canterbury, lord bifhop of London, and lord mayor pf the faid city for the time being, trufteesfor the fabrjfk of the 1	9	3	faid

tot	Anno	undcdmo Georgii III. c.*<^ [i 770.

fidd cathedra] church, or any two of them, and with the dean and chapter of the faid cathedral church for the time being, (who are hereby feverally authorifed and impowered to contract with the faid commiffioners accordingly,) for opening and laying into the faid publick ftreet all or any part of the laid ground, area, or fpace, lying weftward of the great fteps leading up to the (aid church, (except that part eiKompafled with an iron rail, whereon the ftatue of the Jate Queen Anne is eredted) and the faid commiffioners are hereby authorifed and impowered, by and out of the monies anting from the rates and afleflaiems to be made by virtue of this a£t, for paving, lighting, and cteanfing the faid city and liberties, to make fuch compenfation for the Tame to the faid. trufteos, as (hall be agreed for; and thereupon to caufe the faid ground, area, or (pace (exdept as before excepted) or fo much thereof a$ (lull be fa agreed for, to be opened and laid into the publick ftreet, any law, or pre-fcriprion to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

T -	LV. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be

lawful to and for the alderman of Farringdon Ward Without, for * the time being, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmenof the faid ward, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to rate and aflefs, in every fuch rate and af-feflinent as aforefaid, the feveral inns of court and chancery herein after named, in the feveral and refpc&ive fums herein after mentioned, as a compofition for the repairs of the pavements which they have refpedfively fuftained; that is to fay, The Jnntr Temple, in the fum of two pounds two (hillings per annum; the Middle Temple, in the fum of fix pounds fix (hillings per annum \ Serjeants Inn in Chancery Lane in the fum of ten pounds ,	per	annum; and alfo to rata and aflefs the feveral inns of chan-

cery herein after natped, in the feveral and refpe&ive fums herein after mentioned; that is to fay. Staples Inn, in the fum of fourteen pounds per annum; Fur nival 5 Inn, in the fum of twenty pounds per annum; Bernards Inn, in the fum of fix pounds per annum; Clifford's Inn, in the fum of two pounds two (hillings per annum; which rates or afieflments, (hall be paid by the treafurer, principal, or other proper officer of the faid inns of court and inns of chancery refpedlively; and in default of payment may be fqed for and recovered in like manner as the rates and affeflments upon parifh-churchcs, church-yards, and cha-pels, are herein before directed to be levied and recovered.

Streets in L VI. And whereas there are and hereafter may be feveral new building, njay Jfreets and places, which are not paved, part of which are or may be be compound- ^/// aaj jn building, and fmall pieces or parcels of ground in feveral '	of the flreqts, lanes, fquares,	courts, yards, alleys,	paffages,	or pla-

ys, within the faid city and liberties, unbuilt, which are neither paved, cleanfed, or lighted \ and whereas it would be a means of greatly forwarding the good purpofes intended by this alt, if builders qr others, owners of lands or houfes in fuch new Jireets or places, XVtre to pay fuch fum or fums of money towards the new-paving the feme, as jj herein after deeded, to the faid ccmmijfioners; be it

1770.] Anno undecimo Gboeqii III. 0.29.	10

therefore enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid oommiffioners to view and infped any fuch (Ireet, lane* fquare* yard* court* alley* paflage* or place* which now is, or hereafter may be built upon or building upon; and if* upon fuch view* they (hall be of opinion that the fame* or any part or parts thereof* is* or are At and proper to be paved* the faid commiflioners* at any meeting after fuch view* /hall and may order their furveyor or furveyors* or other perfon or perfons by them appointed for that purpofe* to give notice to the owner • or owners* proprietor or proprietors* leflee or leflees* of any land* ground* houfe* (hop* warehouse, coach-houfe* liable* cellar, vault, tenement* pr hereditament* in any fuch ftreer* lane, fquare, yard* court* alley* paflage, or place* or leave the fame at his* her* or their laft or ufual place of abode* or with his* her* or their known fervant or fervants* or if no fuch owner or owners* proprietor or proprietors* leflee or leflees* can be found, then fuch notice (hall be duck again (I the faid pre-mifes, or any confpicuous part thereof* which notice (hall require fuch owner or owners* proprietor or proprietor^* leflee or Idfces, to meet fuch cotmniflioners at the time and place there-in mentioned* not being left than fourteen days from the date of fuch notice* to compound for the paving thereof* at any Aim not exceeding three (hillings for every fquare yard of fuch pavement, whether carriage-way or foot-way* which competition the faid coronraitikmers* at their publick meeting, are hereby authorised to make; and if fuch owner or owners* proprietor or proprietors, leflee or leflees* (hall not attend* or (hall not compound or agree with the faid commiflioners as aforefaid; then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, at their publick meeting* to order the fame to be paved as foon as conveniently can be* and all the charges and expences attending fuch paving (hall be paid by the refpe&ive owner or owners* proprietor or proprietors* leflee or leflees, and may be recovered by a&ion of debt* bill* plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeftminfter* or within the faid city* in the name of the principal clerk to the (aid cora-miffioners for the time being* in which adion or fuit no protection* efloin, or wager of aw, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

LVIL Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted, Not to vacate That nothing in this a& contained (hall be deemed or taken to any agree-m?ke void any cootrad* covenant* or agreement* between land- "lent between lord and tenant* touching or concerning any matter or thing to	***

be done or performed in purfuance of this a<ft; and in cafe anytcna difjpute (hall arife concerning fuch contrad, covenant* or agreement, the faid court of mayor and aldermen (hall have power to hear and finally determine the fame.

LVIII. And be it further enabled* That it (hall and may be Commiflion-lawfui to and for the faid commiflioners* from time to time* eramaycom-and at aV times hereafter* to compound and agree with any per- P',ufnd ",rh (on or perfeniy agaiuft whom the faid commimoncrs (hail bring* breach^

9	4	contract.



Anno undecimo Georgii HI.

c.29.	[1770;

or caufe to be brought, any a#ion or actions, fuit or fuits, for any penalty or forfeiture contained in any contra# or contra#s, hereafter to be made or entered into in purfuance of this a#, on account of any breach or nonperformance of any fuch con* tra# or contrails, for fuch fum or fums of money as they (hall think proper, fo as the fum fo compounded and agreed for be not left than the injury or damage fuftained, by the breach or nonperformance of fuch contra# or contra#s; and all cofts, charges, and expences which (hall be occafioned thereby, and fo as fuch compofition doth not extend to remit more than one half of the faid penalty or forfeiture.

Perfons refu- LIX. And be it further ena#ed, Thatif any perfon or per-fing ornegitc- fons, againft whom complaint (hall be made, to any one of the ting to attend faid aldermen, touching any offence or offences to be commute forfeit s tc<* aSa*n^ a&> (hall negle# or refufe, after three days no-o or ci *os. ^|CC	Upon	her,	or them, for that purpofe, to attend

fuch alderman, at the time and place for which he, (he, or they (hall have notice to attend, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, upon the oath of any one or more credible wit-nefs or witnefies (which oath any one of the faid aldermen is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter) forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings.

LX. And be it further ena#ed. That if any perfon or per* fons, who (hall be liable to pay any rate or afiefimeut to be made by virtue or in purfuance oi this a#, (hall become a bankrupt or bankrupts, before he, (he, or they (hall have fully paid and fatisfied all the money then due and owing for fuch rates coming bank- and affeffments, then, and in every fuch cafe, the affignee or rupts.	aflignees of his, her, or their eftate and effc#s, or other per-

fon or perfons pofleffing the fame, (hall, out of fuch eftate and effedls, after paying to the petitioning creditor or creditors, his, her, or their cofts of fuing out and profecuting the commifiion againft any fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, in the next place, pay unto the chamberlain of the faid city of London, for the time being, all fiich fums of money as were due for fuch rates and af--feflments at the time of the fuing out any fuch commifiion a-gainft him, her, or them refpeHively, or fo much thereof as the faid eftate and effe#s will extend to pay ;. and the receipt of the faid chamberlain (hall be a good difcharge.for tbe faid money, and every afiignee and affigdecs, or other perfon as afore-faid, may, to any a#ion or fuit commenced or brought againft *	him, her, or them, plead or give in evidence the payment of

the fame, and (hall be allowed fuch payment put of the eftate or effe#s of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, prior to any other debt or demand whatfoever, (except as before is excepted;) and in cafe of nonpayment of the fame, by the fpace of one,calendar month after the fame (hall be demanded, it (hall and may be lawful to and for tbe faid commiffioners, to commence and profccute one or more a#ion or a#ions, fuit or fuits, for the fame, in the name of the principal clerk of tbe faid commiffion-pf^foMhetimp bping? in *ny of fris Majefty’s courts of record

Recovery of rates againft any perfons who (hall be liable to pay the fame, be-

1770.] Anno uiidecimo Georgii III, c.29.	105

at Wtfimnfier^ or within the faid city, againft fuch afljgnee or aflignees, or other perfons as aforefaid.

hXI.And it is hereby further enaded, that the alderman, Duplicates of or his deputy, and the major part of the common council men, rates, how to for the time being, in each ward, within the. laid city or liber- be made, ties, are hereby required to fet down in writing, and fign two duplicates of the rat€9 and affeffments, which they (hall, from time to time, make by virtue of this ad, for the purpofes aforefaid j in which (hall be exprcfied the names of the colledors, who (hall be appointed to colled the fame, one of which duplicates (hall, within ten days next after the making thereof, be depofited by the beadle of the faid ward, in the office of the chamberlain of the faid city of London, where the fame (hall remain, and every citizen of London, liable to be rated by virtue of this ad, (hall and may have free accefs thereto, at all convenient times, and be permitted to infped the fame without fee or reward; and the perfon or perfons negleding to depofit fuch duplicates, in the .manner or within the time aforefaid, or refuting to permit fuch infpedion as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence refpedively, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

LXIL And to the end that the faid feveral rates and ajfejjments colledors, mj be fully and compleatly railed and paid for the purpofes aforefaid, how to be ap-it is hereby further enaded, that it (hall and may be lawful to pointed* and for the alderman, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of each ward, at the court of wardmote to be holden upon or near the feaft-day of Saint Thomas the ApoJUe% for the choice of ward officers, to return to the faid wardmote, the names and places of abode of a competent number of fub-fhotial inhabitants of fuch ward, of whom, fo many as the fai4 alderman,' or his deputy, and the major part of the faid corn-men councilmen (hall think fit and dired, not exceeding half the number of perfons fo returned, (hall be chofen and appointed at the faid wardmote, to be colledors of the faid rates and affeffments for one whole year from the faid feaft-day of Saint Thomas the ApoJUe to the fame feaft-day then next following, and fo yearly* and from year to year: and the faid colledors, for tbe time being, are hereby authorifed and required, in the refpedive wards for which they (hall be fb chofen colledors, to colled and receive, from time to time, fuch of the faid rates, aiTeiTments, and fums of money, as (hall be due and payable by virtue of this ad, of and from all perfons liable to pay the fame; and all perfons, who, by virtue of this ad, (hall be charged therewith, or be liable thereunto, are hereby required to pay fuel* rates or afiefiments, unto fuch refpedive colledors for tbe time being accordingly; fuch colledors from time to time, giving receipts for the fame gratis, if thereunto required, and which they are hereby enjoined to do, upon requelt; and every fuch colledor, who (hall be fo chofen, (hall, at the wardmote at which he (hall be chofen as aforefaid, or within the fpace of twenty days then next enfuing, before the alderman of the ward Colledors to for whifh he (hall be fo chofen colledor, or his deputy, take take an oath,

’ ‘	and

to6

The oath.

In cafe of re-fufal ox neg-left to take the office, the alderman, &c. of the ward, &c. may appoint others.

Perfons not to

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29.	£1770.

amd fubfcribe the following oath, or beipg one of the people called quakers, make and fubfcribe the follbwing Memo affirmation, for the true and faithful execution of the Cud office.

I A. B. do /wear (or filemnfy affirm) that I will, according to th bed of my Jkill and knowledge, well and truly perform and execute the office of a colie Bor, within the ward of

according to the dtfeBions and true intent of an aB made in the eleventh year of the reign of bit majefty King George the Third, for confolidating, extending, and rendering more effedual, the powers granted by fcveral ads of parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and deanffng the vaults, drains, and fewers, within the city of London and liberties thereof, and for paving, cleaning, and lighting the ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, and preventing and removing obftrudions and annoyances within the fame.

which oath, or affirmation, (hall be adminiftered without fee or reward, by the alderman of each refpedive ward for the time being, or his deputy: and if any colledor, chofen in purfuance of this ad, (hall refute or negled to take the faid oath* or (being one of the perfons called quakers) to make the faid affirmation, dr to take upon himfelf the faid office, or after having taken upon himfelf the faid office, (hall refufe or negled to> ferve and Execute the fame, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, he fhall, for every fuch refufal or negled, forfeit and

Bthe fum of fifty pounds ; and (hall, neverthetefs, continue le to be chofen into the faid office again the year following, or at any other time, and (hall be liable to the like penalty fo often as he fhall thereupon refufe or negled to take upon him, and duly to execute the fame.

LXIII. And it is hereby further enaded, that when, and as often as any perfon (hall refufe or negled to take upon him the faid office, or to execute the fame, when chofen, or (hall die, or remove out of the ward, in and for which be (hall be fo chofen and appointed, before he has fini(hed his colledion, then, and in every or any fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of fuch ward, for the time being, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the faid ward, by appointment under their hands and feals, to nominate and appoint fome other fit and proper perfon within fuch ward to colled the faid rates therein, or fuch fum or fums of money, as (hall remain due or unpaid thereof; and if fuch other perfon, fo appointed, lhall refufe or negled to take and fubfcribe the faid oath (or being one of the perfons called quakers) to make the faid affirmation, or to ferve and execute the faid office, then, and in every fuch laft-mentioned cafe, every perfon fo re* fufing or negle&ing (hall be liable to the like penalty of fifty pounds, as if he had been chofen into the faid office, at the wardmote as afofefeid.

LXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded,

• ‘	that

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii HI. 0.29,	107,

that nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued ferve who m to oblige, any perfbn or perfons to ferve the faid office of col- by law ex-k&or, who, by the laws now in being, is, or are exempted cmPtcd-from ferving any ward office.

LXV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded,.that if on refufal or the alderman of any ward of the faid city, pr his deputy, and th* neglea of al-major part of the common councilmen of fuefi ward, (hall, at dermen to do any time, refufe or negled to do and perform all or any of the matters and things, which they are hereby refpedively direded poweredtoexl or impowened to do or perform, within the fpace of fourteen days ecute tbe lame, next after they (hall refpedively be ordered or required to do or perform tbe fame by the faid cotamiffioners, in purfuance of this ad i or if any matter or thing fo directed to he done or perform* ed, (hall not or cannot legally be done within the faid fourteen days, then, and in any fuch cafe, fo often as the fame (hall hap*-pen, it (hall and may be lawful to and for tbe faid commiffion-ers, and they are hereby authorifed, impowered, and direded, to do and perform all fuch matters and things, as fully and ef*

(equally as the aldermen of the refpedive wards, or their der puries, and the otajof part of the common council of fuch wards, might or could do or perform the feme, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithstanding.

LXVI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further eroded, that ^ ^ in cafe it (hall at any time or times hereafter, happen that no appointed, collcdor or fufficient number of colledors of the rates and afleff- commWBeners merits (hall be chofen and appointed in any ward of this city, in to *PP««** manner hercin-before directed, then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, and they are hereby authorifed, impowered, and direded, to nominate and appoint fit and able perfons, being inhabitants of fuch ward, to colled and receive the faid rates and affeff-ments; which perfons, to be nominated and appointed by the hid commiffioners, (hall, and they are hereby impowered and enjoined, to colled and pay the feme into the faid chamber of LcndW) and to do and perform all other matters and things, which the colledors nominated and appointed by, or at the wardmote of fuch ward, are hereby before authorifed to do or perform, and (hall be fubjed and liable to the fame penalties for negied of duty, as fuch laft mentioned colledors are herein before made fubjed or liable to; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

LXVII^And be it further enaded, that if any perfonor per- Timc ^ fons (hall come with any night carter carts, or begin toemp- night carte, ty any bog-houfe or bog-hpufe?, or to take away any night-foil See. limited9, from any houfe or houfes within any of the ftreets, lanes, fquares, courts, yards, alleys, paflages, and places within the faid city and liberties, before the hour of eleven of the clock in the night, or (hall continue to take away fuch foil after the hour of five in the morning; or if any perfon or perfons (hall put or caft any fuch fed, or wilfully or negligently permit the feme to run out

of

iofl

Penalty on fugar-bakers and foap-boilers throwing lime or day into the facets.

for re->g and ring and ng in r fewer* rains.

Anno undecimo GeorGII III. c. 29.'	[1770."

of any cart, cub, or pail, or otherwife into any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, courts, yards, alleys, paflages, or places, then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any conftable, beadle, or watchman, (and they, and each and every of them, is hereby required and enjoined fo to do) and to and for every or any other perfon or perfons whomfoever to apprehend the perfon or perfons fo offending, and to carry him, her, or them, to one of the compters of the faid city, the keepers whereof gefpe&ively are hereby required to take fuch offender or offenders into cuftody, and thereafter, as loon as conveniently may be, convey him, her, or them, before one or more of the aldermen of the (aid city, who, upon oath made of fuch offence or offences refpeftively (which oath fuch alderman or aldermen is and are hereby empowered and required to adminif-ter) (hall and may commit fuch offender or offenders to the Bridewell of the faid city, for any time not exceeding one month, nor lefs than ten days, there to be kept to hard labourj and the faid commiflioners are hereby authorifed to order any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings, nor lefs than five (hillings, to be paid out of the faid rates to be raifed by virtue of this a&, to the perfon or perfons by.whom the faid offender or offenders (hall be fo detected, apprehended, and conveyed, to one of the faid compters.

LXVIII. And be it further enaded, that if any fugar-baker, fugar-refiner, foap-boiler or foap-maker or any other perfon or perfons, (hall depoflt, or caufe to be depofited, any lime or (day ufed in his, her, or their trade, in any of the publick ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, or places within the faid city, or liberties thereof, and fuffer the fame to remain for any longer time than is nec'effary for the purpofe of loading or ckrting away the fame; or (hall depofit, or throw, or permit or fuffer to be depofited or thrown, any fuch lime or clay in or into any of the channels within the faia city or liberties; then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch fugar-baker, fugar-refiner, foap-boiler, foap-roaker, or other perfon or perfons, fo offending, (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings ; for the fecond offence, the fum of forty (hillings ; and for the third, and every other offence, the lum of five pounds.

LXIX. And be it further ena&ed, that for defraying the expence of repairing and cleanfing the publick fewers, drains, and vaults, which now are or hereafter ftiall be within the faid city and liberties, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid com-miflioners, by writing undertheir hands and feals or the hands and feals of feven or more of them, to make, lay, and aflfefs one or more rate or rates, aflfeflTment or afleflments, upon all and every perfon and perfons who do or (hall inhabit, hold, occupy, poflfefs, or enjoy any land* houfe, (hop, warehoufe, cellar, vault, or other tenements or hereditaments, within the (aid city or liberties, for raifing fuch competent fum or Aims of money, as (he faid commifiioi>ers (hall, froqa time to time, think necdfrU

* *

J0£

1770.J Anno undecutio Gborgii 111, C.29*

fo as fuch rates or afleffinents do not, in any one year, exceed the futn of four-pence in the pound of the real yearly rack rents of the faid lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments refpedtively : and the feveral and refpcdtive tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of all-fuch lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, tenements or hereditaments, who (hall be rated for the purpofe laft above, mentioned, are hereby required and authorifcd to pay fuch fum> and Turns of money as (hall be rated upon him, her, or them, in refpedl of fuch lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenemeots or hereditaments-rffpedlively, to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid cpmmiflioners (h*U, frennkne to time, appoint to colled and receiye .the fame, and to dedudt the fame out of bis, her, or their rent; and the landlord or landlords, mediate and immediate, according to their refpe&jvj: interefts, are hereby required to allow fuch deductions and payments, upon receipt of the refidueof their rents.

LXX. And, to. the end that the faid lafi-mentioned rates and af- Commiffioner* fejfments may be fully rated and paid* it is hereby further enaded, to appoint that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commi(noners,1£°Uc^ors* and they -are hereby directed, from time to time, to nominate and appoint, a fubftantial perfon or perfons- to colled the faid. rates and afieffinents; and (hall and may allow, unto* fuch-col— ' ledoror collectors fuch reafonable recommence or. fetisfadion for his or their trouble therein as to the faid. com m iffipner s (hall feem meet.

LXXI. And whereas there are feveral plates within tie faid cityCommiffionerr and liberties* which are not fubjeft to the jurifdiftion thereof * but re to repair and which the tommijfioners of [ewers for the faid city and liberties havc c\t*n(t fewer*, exerdfed the power of repairing and cleanftng, the publick fewers*&c in wtaiu : vaults* and drains* and of ttffeffing the inhabitants and occupiers lands* houfes* fisops* warehoufes* cellars, and other hereditaments '*	the city.

wards the expence thereof* in the fame manner as the inhabitants of the faid lily and liberties have; been ajfeffed* be it enaded, that, from and after the paffing-ofjthisad, it may be.lawful to aqd for^ the (aid commifiioners, froit> time to time, and.they are hereby au-thorifed and impowered, at any publick meeting, to order and* dired the repairing and cleanfiog all and every tl>e publick few-; ers, vaults, and drains, within the places aforefaid; when and-as often as the faid commiffioners (hall judge fit .and necefiary, and alio to make fuch rate or rates, afleument or aftefiments as. aforefaid, for defraying the expences thereof, on the feveral ants or occupiers of lands, houfes, (hops, cellars, warehoufes, and other tenements, and hereditaments, within the faid feveral places, to be in like manner deducted by and allowed to .them, by their refpedtive landlord or landlords.

LX XII. And be it further enadted, that if any fugar-baker, sugar-bakers, or fugar-refiner, foap-boiler or foap-maker, or any other perfon &c. not to or perfons whatfoever, (hall convey, throw, or caufe, or permit, throw lime or fuffer to be conveyed or thrown, any lime or clay ufed in his,5nto thc her, or their trade, into any of the publick (ewers, drains, or*n#

vaults.

>1*

I

Anno undcdmo Georoii III 0.29*	[1770.

vaults, which now art, or hereafter (hall be orate, within the faid city and liberties, or info any publick fewer,drain, ©molt, without the faid liberties, which have been, or now are, or (hall hereafter be under the-management or difo&on of the fad com-mifiioncrs, every fitch fugar-baker, or firgar»refiner, foap-boiler, or foap-maker, or other peifon or perfona fo offending (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit and pay the fam of forty (hillings; for the fecond offence, the fum of five pounds} and for the third, and every other offence, the fora of ten-pounds; and (hall alfo piy all fuch cofts charges damages and expenoes, which the faid com-miffioner9 (hall or may be put unto for or on account of the opening, Scouring, deanfing, doting up, and paving over the fewer or fewer*, drain or drama, vault or vaults, into which the fame (hall be by him, her, or them conveyed or thrown into ae aforefaid, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of hie Majefty's courts of record at tVeJlm• Jlery or within the faid city, in the italrne of the principal clerk to the feid commifliOfrers for the time being, in which adtionor fait, no protc&ion, eflbi«, or wager of law, or more than one importance (hall be allowed.

Account to LXXI1I. And be it further enadted by the authority afore-be kept for	(bid, that the feid commUBoners (halt, and they are hereby re-

cleaning and	quired' to keep a feparate and diftinA account of all the money

fewer* °£c.	rl1^ for the purrpofea Of eleanfing and Aipporting of aU pot-

*	*	lick fewer*, vaults, and drams, and the expenditure (hereof.

Impowering LXXIV. And it is hereby further ena&ed and declared, that tbs coHeftprs, if any perfon or perfons, who (hall be rated or aflefied by virtue to di&rain in or in purftianco of this aA, (ball, by the fpace of ten days next after his, her, or their refpeAive rate or rates, afleffinent or af-P^yisent- 'ftflhients, (haN be due and demanded by the collector or collectors authorifed and appointed to cdflefit and receive the fame, . refufe or negledt to pay the fame, (fuch demand being either personally made to the refpedkive perfon or perfons lb charged, or left in-Writing at his, her, or their rtfpeAive houfe or houfes, or place dr places of abode;) then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch collector or coilc&ors, every or anv of them, having a warrant or warrants under the hand and fcal of the faid commiffioners, or-any three of them, (which warrantor warrants the faid collector and colle&ors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, are hereby authorifed and required to grant,) and, with the affifomce of a conftable, or other peace-officer of the ward, county, city, or liberty, where the perfon or perfons fo refufing or negleft-ing (hall refide, to enter his, her, or their houfe or houles, a-partment or apartments, and then and there to diftrain his, her, or their goods and chattels ; and if the fame (hall not here-%	plevied, or fuch rate or afleffinent paid, within five days next af-

tfer fuch diftrefs made, together with the cofts and charges thereof, then to appraife and fell fo much and fuch part of the faid

Sds and chattels a9 (hall be fufficient* to pay the faid rare oraf-nents, with the cofts and charges attending fuch diftrefs and <	file,

1770,] Anno ufcdecimo Georgii 111. c. 29.	2x1

fele, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of fuch goods and chattels; the laid cods and charges to be fettled and allowed by the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them* who (hall have granted fuch warrant or warrants rc-fpechveJy.	'

LXXV. Provided always. That no fuch diftrefs (hall, by Warrant of virtue pf this adt, be made out of the limits of the faid city, and diftnef* to be liberties thereof, unicf$ fuch warrant or warrants refpedtively *>»<***• J (hall be firft backed or counteriigned by fome magiftrate of the county, city, or liberty, where fuch diftrefs 19 propofed to be made, which warrant or warrants any magiftrate, who (hall be applied to for that purpofe, (hall forthwith back or counterfign, without fee or reward.

LXXVI. And be it further enabled. That where any fuch Diftrefs not to diftrefs (hall be made ibr any fum or fums of money to be levied be deemed by virtue of this ad, the diftrefs itfdf (hall not be deemed un~ unlawful for lawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a J^Jbe party* trefpaflcr or trefpaflers, on account of any default or .want of be deemed a form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor (hall the party or trefpaflcr ah parties be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaflers ah initio, on account ***'*• of any irregularity which (hall be afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining, but the perfon or perlbns aggrieved by fuch irregularity may recover full fatisfa&ion for the fpccial damage by any adtkm on the cafe.

LXXVI1. Provided always. That no plaintiff or plaintiffs Plaintiff nec (hall recover in any adiion for fuch L regularity, trefpafs, or other to recover if proceedings, if tender of fufficient amends (hall be made by or tend*r ?f»-on the behalf of the party or parties who (hall have committed, 11 or caufed to be committed, any fuch irregularity, trefpafs, or , wrongful proceedings, before fuch adtron brought; and in cafe no fuch tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any fuch adiion, by leave of the court where fuch adiion (hall depend, at any time before rffue joined, to pay into court fuch fum of money as he or they (hall think fit, whereupon fuch proceedings or orders and judgements (hall be had, made, and given in and by fuch court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.	•	*

LXXVIII. And it is hereby further enadlcd, That if any Perfons ntg« fuch collector or colle&ors (hall refufe or neglect to apply for th«r fuch warrant or warrants as aforefaid, or to make fuch diftrefs fnUJ^,Jnc|^^ and fade pursuant to the directions,of this adt, except in cafes jng any war-"* where fuch diftrefs (hall be difpenfed with by the alderman, or rant, to forfeit his deputy, and the major part of the common council men of 51* each refpedtive ward, by writing under their hands, in refpcdk of the poverty of the party or parties aflefled, fuch coUcdtor or -collectors (hall, for every fuch refufal or negledt, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds ; and if any juftice of the peace, upon fuch application to him made, to back or coumerlign fuch warrant or warrants as aforefaid, (hail refufe or negledt fo to do, fuch juftice (hall, for every fuch refiUai or neglect, forfeit and

pay

Ill

Freemen, not paying the rates, incapable of voting at elections*

Appeal to the commiflioners allowed.

Com million -ers to hear and determine complaints of inhabitants, upon any deficiency of rate, or omilHon,

Anno undedmo Georgii III. e.29*	[1770.

pay the Aim of five pounds; and if any conftable, being called upon by any collector or collectors, having Axch warrantor warrants, '(hall refufe or negleCt to aid and aflift him or them ia making fuch diftrefs and fate, he (hail, for every Aich offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings.

LXXIX. And, for the more effectual enforcing the payment of the faid rates and afleflments for the purpofes aforefaid, it is hereby further enalied, That if any freeman of London^ liable to pay the faid rates and afleflments, or any re-afleflinents which fhall and may be made in the cafes herein before or after mentioned, (hall have negle&ed or refufed to pay the fame, or any part thereof, after fuch demand as aforefaid; or if any fuch freeman (hall, for or in refpe& of poverty or inability, have defired to be excufed, and accordingly (hall have been excufed, from paying any fuch rate, afleflment, or re-affeffment; then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch freeman (hall be under the fame incapacity of voting at elections within the city of London, as any perfon or perfons now is or are who, do not pay their foot and lot to any of the yearly rates and afleflments, to which the citizens of London are at this time, or (hall hereafter become liable.

LXXX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and en-aded, That any perfon or perfons who (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any rate or afleflment to be made by virtue or in purfuance of this a$, may, within the fpace of thirty days next after fuch rate and afleflment (hall have been de-manded as aforeferd, appeal to the faid commiflioners, and they are hereby authorifed and required forthwith to appoint a day for hearing fuch appeal, and the party or parties fo appealing (hall give three days notice at the leaft of the day fo appointed, to the alderman of the ward in which the faid afleflinent (hail have been made, or to his deputy; and fuch notice having been given,! the faid commiflioners (hall and may, upon the day fo appointed, proceed to hear and determine fuch appeal, and their determination (hall be Ana), and no fees (hall be paid on the making, hearing, or determining of fuch appeal*

LXXXI. Provided aifo, and it is hereby further ena&ed and declared. That if the alderman of any ward within the faid city of London, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the faid ward, (hall, at any time or times hereafter, in any rates or afieflments by them to be made by virtue and in purfuance of this aft, neglcdt or omit to rate or affefs any perfon or perfons liable to fuch rates or afleflments, or (hall neg-k& or omit to rate or affefs any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or the inhabitants or occupiers thereof, within their ward, in proportion to the yearly rent of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments refpc&iveiy, as the fame (hall be afeertained and rated in the rate or afleflment towards the land tax; then, and in every fuch cafe, upon complaint thereof made by any in* habitant of the faid city to the faid commiflioners, they are here* by authorifed and required forthwith to appoint a day for hearing

177b.j	. Anno lindecimo GeoRgIi III. c. ig.	113

ing fuch complaint, and the party or parties complaining (hall give three days notice at the leaft of the day fo appointed, to the alderman of the ward to which fuch complaint (hall relate, or to his deputy; and fuch notice having been given, the faid com-midioners (hall and may proceed to hear and determine fuch complaint, and for thatpurpofe (hall and may fummon witnefles before them, and examine fuch witnefles upon oath, (which oath the (aid commiflioners are hereby authorifed and impower-ed to adminifter;) and if the faid commiflioners (hall judge the matter of fuch complaint to be true, they (hall make fuch alte-rations in the faid rate or afleflfment as (hall be juft.

LXXXIL And it is hereby further enafted, That every col- The money leftor of the rates and afleflments for the purpofes of paving, collated to be cleanfing, and lighting the faid city and liberties, and for tnak- ^^berij^s ing, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing ^ce. er ***9 the common (ewers, publick drains, and vaults within the fame,

(hall, from time to time, pay the monies arifinjg therefrom, as he (hall receive the fame, to the chamberlain ofthe faid city of London for the time being; and, upon every fuch payment, the faid chamberlain, or one of his clerks, (hall, without fee or re* ward, fign and give receipts in writing to fuch colleftor, exprefT-ing bis name, the fum paid, and the name of the ward to which the laid collector (hall belong; and if fuch colleftor (hall, at any time, keep and retain in his hands, of the monies fo to be collected by Aim, the fum of twenty pounds or upwards, above two dajrs, (the chamber of London being within that time open to receive the fame); then, and fo often, fuch collector (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings for every day he (hall retain the faid fum of twenty pounds or upwards, beyond the faid two days.

LXXXIIL And it is hereby further enafted by the authority Collefton to aforefaid. That every collector to be appointed by virtue or in deliver in *n purfuance of this aft, to collcft the rates and aflcflfments for the ^ting under paving, cleanfing, and lighting the faid city and liberties, and tb€ir bands, for making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the common fewcrs, publick drains, and vaults within the lame, (hall, upon three days notice, in writing, given to or left for him, at his ufual place of abode, by the alderman of the ward to which fuch colleftor (hall belong, or his deputy, attend the faid alderman, or his deputy, at fuch time and place, within their ward, as he (hall appoint, or upon notice in writing to be given or left as aforefaid by the clerk to the faid com-miffioners, (hall attend the faid commiflioners at fuch place as they (hall appoint in fuch notice, and then and there, if required, deliver to fuch alderman, or his deputy, or to the faid com-miflioners, upon oath, (or if fuch colleftor be a quaker, then upon his folemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation fuch al~ 1 derman, or deputy, is, or the faid commiflioners are hereby impowered to adminifter), a true, exaft, and perfeft account, in writing, under the hand of fuch colleftor, of all films of money which he (hall then have received by {eafon of the faid Vol, XXIX.	H	office;

*«4

Anno Undecimo GfcoftGli til. C/59J	[1770.

office; and alfo a true lift of the names of all perfons within his ward who (hall have refufed or negle&ed to pay his, her, or their (aid rates or affeffments, with a true account of the feveral fums bf money which fuch perfons (hall refpedtively be in arrcar, to to the intent that the fame may be fpeedily got in and recovered: and if any colled|or, after fuch refpedtive notices given as afore-faid, (hall refufe or neglect to attend or deliver in his accounts as aforefaid, or to produce and deliver in the vouchers relating to the fame, or to account for any fum or fums of money by him Collected or received, and to pay the fame, and every part thereof, as is herein above diredtea; then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch colledtor (hall, for every fuch refufal or negledt, forfeit and pay fuch fum of money as the rates and afteflments jwhich he (hall have been intruded or authorised to colledt, (haH amount unto, after deducing the amount of the fum or fums by him adtuilly paid to the chamberlain of the faid city for the time being ; which forfeiture (hall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts t>f record, to be commenced and profecuted in the name of the principal clerk of the faid commiflioners for the time being ; in which adtion or fuit fuch colledtor (hall be held to fpecial bail, and no eflbin, protedtion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed, tonecton re- LXXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted fufmg to ac-" and declared. That if any colledtor or colledtors of any of the count, the faid rates and afteflments (hall have, in his or their hands, any fame to be le- 0f the fay rates or afteflments, colledtcd by him or them, and and f^ed ftrefS refufe to account for and pay the fame as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any juftice of the peace for the faid city, by warrant under his hana and feat, tocaufe fuch colledtor or colledtors to be brought before him, to hear and determine the matter of fuch complaint in a Summary way; and if upon the confeflion of fuch colledtor or colledtors, or the teftitnony of any credible witnefc or witnefles upon oath (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered and required to admlnifter) it (hall appear to him that any of the monies which (hall have been collected and railed by virtue of this adt (hall then be in the hands of fuch colledtor or colledtors, and that he or they refufeth or refufe to pay the fame according to the true intent and meaning of this a£fc, the faid juftice is hereby authorifed and required, by a warrant or warrants under his hand and fea), to caufe fuch money to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and* chattels of fuch colledtor or colledtors refpedtively; and if no goods or chattels of fuch colledtor or colledtors can be found, Sufficient to anfwer and farisfy the faid money and the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, theft ihe (aid juftice may and (hall commit fuch colledtor or colledtors to one of the compters of the faid city, there to be detained and kept, without bail or mainprize, until he or they (hall pay the fame, or fuch cOmpofition as the faid com-miffioners (hall agree to accept in full, which compofition fuch commiflioners are hereby impowered to make.

LXXXV. And

i77o. j Anno tthddainjt) Georgti lit. c. 29/	11$

LXXXV; And it is hereby further enaCted, That every fcol- Commiflion-kdor to be appointed) by virtue or in purfuance of this aCt* to ^on^Texa* Collect the rates and aflefiments for the purpofes of paving, mjne coiiea-* cleanfiog, and lighting the faid city and liberties, and for mak- ors, upon ing, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering) and removing ?ath, touch-the common (ewers, publick drains, and vaults within the fame, JjJfj”

Hull, upon three days notice, in writing, given to or left for him \c^ 0f duty* at his ufml place of abode, by the clerk of the faid commiflioners, attend the laid commiflioners at fuch time and place as (hall be appointed in fuch notice, and then and there, if required, attfwer upon oath (or if fuch collector (hall be a quaker, then	*

upon his fblemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation fuch commiflioners, or any two of them, are hereby impowered to wdminifteff) touching any negleCt of duty* or other matters of complaint againft him ; and if any fuch collector (hall refufe of negleCt to attend on fuch notice as aforefaid, it (hall add may be lawful to and for the fstid commiflioners, and they are thereby au-thorifed and required, by warrant under their hands and feals, of the hands and feals of any three or more of them, to caufe fuch collector to be brought before them, and to hear and determine the matter of fuch complaint in a fummary way ; and if fuch tolle&or (hall not (hew good caufe of excufe, to the fatisfa&iod of the faid commiflioners) for his neglecting or refuting to attend on fitch notice as aforefaid, he (hall) for every fuch negledt or refufal, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hilings, to be levied fay diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch collector; and if no goods and chattds of fuch collector can be found fuf-ficient to anfwer and fatisfy the fame and the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, then the laid commiflioners, by their warrant as aforefaid, may and (hall commit fuch collector to any of the compter* of the faid city, there to be detained and kept for any time not longer than one month, nor lefs than fourteen days.

LXXXVL And it is hereby farther enaCted, That if any col- In cafe 6f collector or collectors, appointed in purfuance of this aCt, t6 col- jcCtorcbeco®-7edt the faid rates and afleffments (hall happen to die, or become cutoi^o?^ bankrupt, before he or they (hall have fully paid and Satisfied affigneesto all the money by him or them received, by virtue of this aCt; or pay the moJ fuch compofition for the fame as aforefaid; then, and in every u*y» fuch cafe, the executors or adminiftrators, executrix or admini-ftratrix, or other legal reprefentative or reprefentatives of fuch coHedor or collectors, or other perfon or perfons poflefling his or their eftate and effects, (hall, in the firft place, out of fuch eftate and effects, pay unto the chamberlain of (he faid city of London for the time being) all fuch Turns of money as were ini the bands of fuch collector or collectors, at the time of his or their death; and the aifignee or aflignees of his or their eftate and effects, in cafe of bankruptcy, (hall) after paying to the petitioning creditor or creditors, his, her, or their cofts of fuing out and profecuting the commiflion againlt fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, in the next place, pay unto the faid chamberlain all fuch fums of money as were in the hands of foch collector or

h a	col-'

if collector* or receivers become infol-'vent>&c. the money to be

i io	Anno	undccimo	ueorgii 111. c. 29.	^1770.

collectors, at the time of the filing out of any (uch commiffion of bankruptcy againft him or them, or io much thereof as the faid eftate or effects will extend to pay, and the receipt of the faid chamberlain (hall be a good difcharge for the faid money j and every executor and adminiftrator, affignee cr affignees, or other perfon as aforefaid, may, to any adion or fuit, commenced and brought againft him br them, plead, or give in evidence the payment of the fame, and (hall be allowed fuch payment out ot the eftate and effects of fuch collector or collectors, prior to any other debt or demand whatfoever; and in cafe of nonpayment of the fame,. by the fpace of one month after the fame (hall be demanded, it mall and may be lawful to and for the (aid com-miflioners to commence ana proiecute one or more aCtion or aCtibns for the fame, in the name of the principal clerk of the faid cotiimiflioners for the time being, in any of bis Majefty’s courts of record, againft fuch executors or adininiftrators, aflignee or affignees, or other perfon as aforefaid.

LXXXVII. And to the intent that fubjlamial perfons may be cbofen and appointed collectors in each ward, it is hereby further enacted, That in cafe any fuch collector or receiver (hall become ^ w _ infolvcnt, or (hall embezzle, or make away with, detain, or again afltfled. mifapply any fum or fums of money, fo collected by him, io that the fame cannot be recovered, or (hall die pofiefied of any fuch fum or fums of money, and the fame (hall not be paid by his executors or adminiftrators; then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch fum and fums of money (hall be again rated and aflefled on the inhabitants of the ward, for which fuch perfon was chofen and appointed collector, by the alderman of fuch ward, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the faid ward, in fuch proportion and manner as the faid rates are directed to be made by this aCt, and (hall be collected, and levied in fuch manner, and under fuch penalty as are herein provided for collecting and levying the faid original rate and afleflmenr.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, obftruCt, hinder, or mo-left any of the faid commiflioners, or any fijrveyor or furveyors, or other office* or officers, workmen, perfon or perfons whom-foever, who (hall be employed by virtue of this aCt, in the performance or execution of their duty, every fuch perfon fo offending, (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five (hillings; for the fecond, the fum of twenty millings ; and for the third, and every other offence the fum of five pounds.

LXXXIX And it is hereby further enaCted, That the chamberlain of the faid city of London for the time being, (hall and and is hereby authorifed and required, out ot the monies

Penalty on

interrupting

workmen.

Chamberlain to pay all fums of mo-

ma\

xiey "by order collected and paid into the chamber of the faid city, purfuant to of the com- this aCt, to pay all fums of money which the faid commifiion-miUioners, crs (hall, from time to time draw upon him for, or order, him to pay ; and the faid chamberlain for the time being (hall, and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear entries, in a book

and to make entries.

or

______________________________________________________I

1770-j Anno undedmo GeoRGII III. c.29.	117

or books to be for that purpofe by him provided and kept, of

ail and fingular his receipts and payments, on account or in

purfuance of this aft, to which book or books every citizen of

London, liable to the faid rates, fhall and may have free accefs,

at all convenient times, with full liberty to infpeft the fame,

without flee or reward; and alfo that the faid chamberlain for

the time being (hall, once in every year, have the faid accounts

audited and pafled by the faid commiflioners, and (hall deliver

copies of the faid accounts to each houfe of parliament, within

twenty days after the opening of every feflion.

XC. And for the more effectually enabling the faid commtjfioners Commiflion-lo execute the purpofes of this ad, in the moft expeditious manner, it era impower-is hereby further enafted, That it (hall arid may be lawful forcdtobo"°^ the faid commiflioners, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, when they (hall judge it neceflary for the purpofes the rates, of paving, cleanfing, and lighting, the faid city and liberties, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing, the compion fewers, publick drains, and vaults within the fame, to borrow and take up at intereft any fum or fums of money, not exceeding forty thoufand pounds, upon the credit of the fates or affeflments to be made and payable for the laid purpofes, by virtue of this aft, and by any writing or writings, upon vellum or parchment, figned by them, to alfign the	n

laid rates or afleflments to any fuch perfon or perfons who (hall advance or lend fuch money thereon, as a fecurity or fecurities for the feveral fums fo borrowed, with legal or lower intereft for the fame, which intereft (hall be payable and paid half-yearly by the chamberlain of the faid city for the time being, out of the monies to arife by or from the faid rates or afleflments.

XCI. And whereas many perfons may chufe to advance money for Money by an-the purchafe 0/annuities, to be fecured upon and payable out of the nuitie* on faid rates and ajfejfments, it is hereby further enafted. That it lhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, to contribute, advance, *nd pay into the hands of the faid commiflioners, for the purpofes of paving, cleanfing, and lighting the faid city and liberties, and of making, enlarging, widening, altering, and removing the common fewers, publick drains, and vaults within the feme, any fum or fums of money; not exceeding in the whole the fum of lixty thoufand pounds, over and a* bove all fuch fums as have been already borrowed for the pur-pofes of paving, cleanfing, and lighting the faid city and liberties, for the abfolute purchafe of one or more annuity or annuities, for the natural life of fuch perfons, being of the age of forty-five years, or upwards, as (hall be nominated by or on behalf of luch refpeftive contributors, at the time of payment of their refpeftive contribution-monies; which annuity or annuities (hall not exceed the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum for every one hundred pounds, or for the abfolute purchafe of one or more annuity or annuities for the natural life of fuch perfon, being of the age of fixty years or upwards, as (hall be! fo nominated, which laft annuity or annuities (hall not exceed

h 3	the

|i8	Apnoundecimo GeoRgii IIL c. 29.	[	1770*

the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum for every one hundred pounds; all which annuities, fo to be purchafed, (hall be payable and paid by the faid chamberlain of the faid city for the time being, out of the monies to arife by or from the uid rates and afleflinents, by four equal quarterly payments, the firft payment to be made to the refpe&ive purchasers, or their affigns, at the expiration of the firft quarter after payment of their refpec-tive purchafe-monies, the rate whereof (hall be fettled and ad-juftcd by a publick fale of the (aid annuities, by the (aid commit fioners, to the beft bidder for the (ante,

If annuitants XClIf Provided always, and it is hereby further traded, die any per- That when and as often as any of the perfons for whofe lives c^VannuU* anY annuities have been purchafed by virtue of or under anv of ties tor their the faid recited alts, or for whofe lives any annuities (half or fives.	may be purchafed fay virtue of or under this prefect alt, (hail

happen to die, it mall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiftioners to (ell and grapt one or more annuity or annuities for the lives of other nominees, upon the terms aforehid, fo that the whole of the monies paid for the purchafe of foci* annuities, then actually exifting, doth not exceed the fum of one hundred and feventy-five tboufand pounds; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife not-vjfithftanding.

Clerk to en- XCIIL And it is hereby further enatfed, That the clerk of ter all fccuri- the faid commiftioners for the time being, (hall enter in a book

{>orrowed°"or*or *>00^cs» t0 ^ t*iat PurP°k provided and kept by the faid annuities’ ° cpmmiflioners, all fecurities for money borrowed, or annuities granted. granted, by virtue or in purfuance of this adi, and all alignments or transfers thereof, exprefling, in words at length, the names, furnames, additions, places of abode, and other deferip-tions, of all fuch perfons as (ball, from time to time, be iotit-led to fuch fecurities, and the fums received upon fuch iecuri* tics? and alfo the names, furnames, additions, places of abode, and other deferiptions of the perfons for whofe lives the faid annuities (hall be refpedtively granted, and the days whereon the faid annuities (hall refpe&ively be payable ; to which book and books the perfon and perlbns intitled to and pofiefled of iuch annuities, and all and every the perfon and perfons liable to the payment of the faid rates and afiefiments, (nail, at all feafon-able times, have accefs, with free liberty to infped the fame without fee or reward.

Anntrititsfhall XCIV. And it is hereby further cna&ed. That all and every nor be liable perfon and perfons, who (hall purchafe fuch annuity or annui-

....... ties, and fhall duly pay the purebafe-monies for the fame, at

the rates aforefeid, and his, her, or their refpedtive executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, (hall have, receive, and enjoy the refpedtive annuity or annuities fo purchafed, during the term of the natural life or lives of the perfon or perfons by them refpec-tiycly nominated at the time of fuch purchafe, and (hall have ;ood, fare, abfolute, and indefeafible eftates and interefts in the lid annuities refpedtively, according to the true tenor and ’’	*	meaning

fo taxes.

P

177°-] Anno undccimo Georgii III. C. 29.	119

meaning of this zA; and thaf none of the faid annuities fliall be fobjedt or liable.to any tax aflefled upon land by authority of parliament j and every fuch purchafer (hall, upon payment of his or her purchafe-money as aforefaid, have an order on parch* mem or vellum for payment of the annuity or annuities fo pur* chafed by him or her, for and during the natural life or lives of fuch person or perfons as (hall be nominated by him or her as aforefaid, which order (hall be figned by the (aid commiffion-ers; and after figning thereof, (hall be firm, good, valid, and effe&ual in the law, according to the purport and meaning thereof, and of this a A

XCV. And it is hereby further enafted, That it (hall and Securities may may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, intitled to any be aligned, of the fecurities aforefaid, and his, her, or their executors, ad* miriiftrators, or afligns, at any time or rimes by writing under his, her, or their hand or hands refpe&ively, to aflign or transfer fach fecurities, by indorfement on the back thereof, to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and fo lotus quotits; and fuch alignments or transfers, after they (hall refpe<5Hvely be entered by tbs clerk of the faid commiffioncrs in manner aforefaid, (which he is hereby required to do without fee or reward) (hall intitle the perfon or perfons to whom they (hall be refpedtively made, and his, her, or their refpedhve executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, to the benefit of the fecurity or fecurities fo alligned of transferred.

XCVI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or per- Felony In cafe ions whatfoever (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged any perfon or counterfeited, or wilfully zA or aflift in forging or counter- forilforge.&c. feiting any affignment of aily fuch annuity as aforefaid, or any certificate of the age, or of the life of any nominee, or any or- Cate, &c. of der or authority, in writing, to receive any annuity due, or to all annuitants. grow due, to any proprietor thereof, or any part thereof 5 or fhail knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive any fuch annuity or annuities, or any part thereof, by virtue of any forged or counterfeited affignment, letter of attorney, certificate, inftrutnent, order, or authority, in writing; or (hall falfety and deceitfoly perfonate any true andreal proprietor or proprietors of any fuch annuity or annuities, or the affignee of aqy fuch proprietor or proprietors, and thereby receiving, or endeavouring to receive, the money of any fuch true and lawful proprietor or affignee, as if fuch offender were tbe true and lawful owner thereof; then, and in every and any of the faid cafes, all and every fuch perfon and perfons, fo offending, and being thereof convided in due form of law, (hall b$ adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death without benefit of clergy.

XCVII. And it is hereby further enabled, That all and every Annuities to tbe finn and fums of money fo to be advanced and lent, and the be paid intereft thereof, and all and every the annuity and annuities, fo °ut of money purchafed, and to be purchafed, (hall be, and they are hereby	on-

charged upon, and (hall be paid and payable, from -time to.

Pi	pm

/

tr to be afleffed.

120	Anno undecimo Geokgji III. c. 29*	[* 770-

time, out of the monies ariiing from the rates and afleffments, to be rated and aflefled by virtue of this aft, for the purpofes of paving, deanfing, and lighting the faidcity and liberties, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing, the common fewers, publick drains, and vaults within the fame; and all the perfons who (hall be fo poflefled of fuch fecurities, (hall be creditors in equal degree, without preference in refpedt of the priority of (us, her, or their advancing the money thereon.

XCVIII. And whereas certain parts of Holbom, the Minories, &c. out of* cn* Alderfgate Street, are fuppofed to be out of the liberties of the the liberties Jaid city {/'London, by means whereof the pavements of the Jevoral of the faid ci- freets and places within the fame rejpeftively cannot be compleatly finijbed by the powers hereby vefled in the laid commijjtoners; where-forey for the better and more fpeedy completion of the fame, be it enabled, That the feveral powers and authorities hereby vefted in the faid commiiConers, and all the provifions and regulations herein before eftabliftied, declared, and provided, for the purpofes of paving, deanling, apd lighting the (aid city and the liberties thereof, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing, all qr any the faid publick fewers, drains, and vaults, within the fame, mall refpedively extend, and (ball be in force, and in all rcfpe&s be executed by the (aid com mi fli oners, within fuch parts of Holborn, the Minories, and Alderfgate Street, as are, or arc fuppofed to be, out of the liberties of the faid city of London, and the courts and alleys leading into the fame, or communicating therewith; and the inhabitants of the feveral parts and places aforefaid (hall be rated and aflefled according to the provifions herein before made, by the alderman of the ward next adjoining to the fame refpedlively,or by his deputy, with the major part of his common councilmen; and fuch rates (hall be recovered in manner herein before directed, any law, ftatute, cuftoip, ufage, or prefcr\ptioq tp the cpn-trary notwithftanding.

XCIX. Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared, That nothing in this adt contained, with regard to paving, cleaning, and lighting, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the liberty of St. Martin U Grandy belonging to the dean and chapter of Wejlminfler; any thing in this adt to the contrary in any-wife notwitwlanding.

C. And be it further enadted. That the faid commiQioners given to com* (hall and may, at all times hereafter,, exercife and put in pradticp miflioners, as an(j cvery the powers and authorities given to and vefted in any com mi (Boners of fewers, in any other county or place, by force and virtue of any of the laws and ftstfutes or this kingdom, or of any commiflion to them granted purfuant to the fame* CI. Andy to the end and intent that the ufeful purpofes of this ail may be the better and more fpeedily carried into execution, and for and towards increafing the fund for defraying the charges of pavtngy cleanfingy and lighting the faid city and UbertieSy and of makingy

hi iiimuvu*	3-1	•	»	.	»	•'	r	0

ed, before an v widening^ deepening alttrmgy and	ctmmm	Jtwtr\y

pifbluk

Provifo.

Same powers

to com mi f-fioners of counties.

A toll to be taken at the feveral turnpikes hereafter mention-

1770J Anno undecuno Gborgii 111. c.29.*

putlick drains, and vaults, within	the fame, it is hereby further cattle or car-

enadted, That upon and after the firft Sunday next after the na8*^ palling of this a£l, there (hall be paid to the receiver or receiv-	”

trs, colledlor or colledtors, to be nominated and appointed as Sunday, herein-after mentioned, before any cattle or carriage (hall be permitted to pafs on a Sunday through any or either of the turnpikes herein-after mentioned, or through any turnpike to be eredted by virtue of this or any other ad or acts of parliament near the fame, (videlicet)the turnpike at	Mile-Ethe turnpike at	Bethnal-green, the turnpike at	, the turnpike at

Kingfland, the turnpike at Ball's Pound, or ,	,	the

turnpike at Holloway, the turnpike at the end of Saint John’s Street, the turnpike at the end of Gofwell , and the turnpike on the new road, commonly called City Road, all which turnpikes are in thp county of Middlefex, j the following tolls,

(■videlicet)

For every poach, chariot, beilin, chaife, chair, calaih, or The tolls, other carriage, drawn by fix or more bprfes, or mules, the fuot of ten-pence.

For every coach, chariot, bcriin, chaife, chair, calafh, or other carriage, drawn by four horfes, or mules, the fum of eight-pence. ■

For every coach, chariot, bcriin, chaife, chair, calafh, or or other carriage, drawn by three or two horfes, or mules, the fum of fix-pence.

For every chaife, chair, calaih, or other carriage, drawn by one korfe, or mule, the (urn of three-pence.

And for every horfe, mule, ' or afs not drawing, the fum of one penny.

Which faid reipe&ive Turns of money (hall and may be demand- The Wd tolls ed and taken for and in the name of a ftreet-toll, over and a- ^bo^and 2x-bove and exciufive of all other tolls, which are or (hall be au- dufive of all' thorifed to be taken and colle&ed, upon or on account of the other tolls, faid roads, or any of them, and the monies arifing therefrom (hall be and are hereby veiled in the faid mayor and commonal- Tolls veiled ty, and citizens, and (hall bedifpofed of for the purpofes of pav- in the mayor ing, cleanfing, and lighting the faid city and liberties, and of **J* con\mo-_ making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing	UU

the common fewers, publick drains and vaults within the fame:	*

and the faid commifiioners are hereby impowered by themfelves, to be levied or by any perfon or perfons by them thereto authorifed, to levy by diftrets the toll hereby required to be paid, upon any perfon or perfons and fide-who (hall, after demand thereof made, negled or refufe to pay the feme as aforefaid, or to deny or hinder any pafiage through the faid turnpikes refpedtively, until payment thereof { which faid toil (hall and may be levied by diftrefs of any horfe or horfes, or other cattle, upon which the toll is by this a& impofed, or upon any of the goods and chattels of fuch perfon or perfons who ought to pay the (ame; and all fuch horfes, cattle, or gpods, may be detained until fuch toll, with the reafonable

charges

iaa	Anno uqdeciqno Gborgii HI. c.ip. £1770.

charges of fuch diftrcfe (hall be paid; and it (hail and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons fo diftraiaing, after the fpace of four days from the time of making and taking fach diftrefs, to fell the horfe or horfes, cattle, goods, or chattels, fo diftrained, rendering the owner or owners thereof the overplus upon demand, after fetisfaftion of the (aid to]), and the reafonabfe charges in and about making fuch diftrefs, keeping, aod Tale, (hall be fully paid and fatished.

CII. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-eri may ereft (aid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, turnpikes, &c. jf they (hall think proper, at any time or time* during the continuance of this alt, to caufe to be erefted any turnpike or turnpikes, at or near all or any of the refpeftive places afore-mentioned, for the purpofes of collecting the feveral and reipeftrve tolls hereby made payable, and alfo caufe to be erefted or provided a toll-houfe at or near each turnpike, and, from time to time, to remove or alter the fame as they the faid comtnifiton-ers (hall think expedient» and the right and property of all the TampiVn, turnpikes and tolUhoufes, to be from rime to time erefted and thc mayor and ProvKkd by virtue of this aft, and the right and property of the commonalty materials provided for building or repairing the fame, (hall be, and and citizens, are hereby vefted in the mayor and commonalty, and citizens; and they are hereby impowered to bring, or caufe to be brought, any aftion or aftions^ in the name of the corporation, ana to prefer, or order the preferring of indiftments agatnft any perfon or perfons who (hall injure the fame, or any part thereof, or difturb them in the potieftion thereof, or take or retain, or hold pofTeflion thereof, after being required by prder of the commit* Sorters to deliver up the fame.

To!]* may be CIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted and collcfted at declared. That it fli*ll and may be lawful For the feveral and rc-atpeady1 exeS-	receivers or collectors, and other perfon^ to be appoint-

ed. y " ed by virtue of this aft, to receive arid colleft the feveral tolls hereby made payable; and they are hereby authorifed and im-powered, for the pmpofes of this aft, without the let, hinder-ance, or moleftation of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, to make ufe of all or any of the gates, turnpikes, and toft-houfes, already erefted, or hereafter to be erefted or continued, by virtue of any aft or afts of parliament, at or near tbe feveral and refpeftive (daces whereat any toll is hereby authorifed to be taken, fo as fuch refpeftive receivers, colleftors, or other perfons, do in no-wife hinder or interrupt the tranfafting of any bufinefs or purpofe for which fuch turnpikes and toll-houfes were rftpeftivc-ly erefted or provided.

Tolls to be CIV. Provided alio, and it is hereby further enafted. That paid but once no perfon or perfons, (hall be liable to pay the faid ftreet-toll *	more than once for palling or re-pafling at any time or times on

the fame day as aforefaid, with the feme cattle and carriage, but that all and every perfon and perfons, after having paid fuch toll once as aforefaid, (hall, during the remainder of fuch day, pafs toll-free, with rcljpeft tq the faid ftreet-toll, with the feme cattle

a	. and

i*	*	•	•

Diftrefe may be fold after four days.

CommiffioR-

\710,1	Ajkm undecimo GeoRGII III. €.39.	133

and carnages, through the gate or turnpike at which any fuch

toll was paid, and alfo through all other gates and turnpikes

whereat the laid tolls are hereby made payable, upon producing

a note or ticket, denoting the payment of fuch toll; which notes

or tickets the coUedor of the laid toBs are hereby required to

give gratis, on receipt of fuch tolls.

CV. And it is hereby further enaded, that the faid comtnif- Commifllon-fioners may, and they are hereby impowered, upon or ten days era may leafe, notice being given in the Lotuhm Gazette, to leale, or farm by &c. the toils, the year, the tolls by this act granted, or any part or parts thereof, to any perfbn or perfons, at, or for the largeft yearly fums that can be got for the lame; provided that fuch lettings or a-greemeots be made in writing, and (igned by the perfon or per-ions taking or fanning any fuch tolls, and by the faid commif-fioners letting the fame, and be not made for more than three yean at a time; and that foe money that Ihall be fo agreed to be paid for the laid tolls, (hall be made payable, and (hall be paid to the chamberlain of the laid city ‘for the time being, by quarter* ly payments; and that the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be folett, (hall always pay one quarter's pay in advance; and if any letting or agreement for letting the faid tolls, or aay part or pats thereof, (hall be made, and any default (hall be made in paying die money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true meaning of this ad ; then, every fuch letting and agreement (hall be void, and the perfon or perfons to whom the faid tolls (hall be let Dull be liable to account for the fame, and to have the fame levied and recovered upon and of him or them, in the fame manner as is by this ad direded for the accounting for foe faid tolls by the collegers thereof, and for the levying and recovering the fame upon and of them.

CVI. And it is hereby further enaded, That it lhall and may r ___________

be lawful, to and for the laid commiffioners, at any time or mly ap_"

times, by any writing or writings under their hands and feals, point officers.

to noaoinate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons, to be receiver

or receivers, coUedor or collectors of the laid refpedive tolls,

as they Stall think fit; and all perfons by this ad made liable

to pay the foid tolls, or any of them, are hereby required to pay

the fame to filch receiver or receivers, coUedor or colledors as

aforefaid; and all fuch receivers and colledors, (hall refpedive-

ly pay the fame into the office of the chamberlain of the laid

city, in like manner, and under the like regulations and re-

foidions, as are herein before exprelfed, of and concerning the

colleding and paying the rates and aflelTments aforefaid ; and

lhall alfo upon oath, if thereunto required by the faid commif-

jioners conftituted by this ad, (which oath the faid commillion-

trs are hereby authoriled and impowered to adminifter) from

time to time give unto the faid commifiioners, or to fuch per>

fon or perfons as they lhall appoint for that purpofe, a true,

exad, and perfed account, in writing, under their refpedive

hands, of all monies which they, and every or any of them,

lhall to fuch time have received, by virtue of this ad; and if

m

Juftices to in* quire into the default,

and commit the offender until payment or compofition be made.

Commiffion-er» to allow officers (alaries.

For farming the toll*.

Tolls may be affigned for money borrowed.

Alignments to be entered in a book.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29.	[1770;

fiich receiver or collector (hall not make and render, or (hall fcfufe to verify upon oath any fuch account, or to make payment as aforefaid; then, or in either of fuch cafes, it (hall be lawful to or for one or more juft ice or jqfticcs of the peace, and luch juftice or juftices, upon complaint to him or them made, is and are hereby authorised and required, to make enquiry concerning fuch default, as well by confeffion of the party as by the teftimony of any credible witnefs or witnefles upon oath, (which oath fuen juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter, without fee or reward;) and if any fuch receiver or collector (hall be convifted of any or either of the offences aforefaid, fuch juftice or juftices (hall commit every fuch offender to the common county gaol, without bail or mainprise, until he (hall give or make a true and perfcft account and payment as aforefaid, or until he (hall have compounded with the faid commiffioners conftituted by this aft, and (hall have paid fuch compofition, in fuch manner as they (hall appoint, which compofition the faid commiflionersare hereby im-powered to make; and the faid commiffioners (hall and may, out of the monies arifing by the faid tolls, or otherwife, make fuch allowance unto their receivers and colleftors, and all o-ther perfons to be employed by or under the faid commiffion-ers, in the execution of this aft, for their care and pains in their refpeftive offices, as the faid commiffioners (hall think fit *nd rcafonable.

CVII- And it is hereby further enafted. That it (hall and may b? lawful to and for the commiffioners of any one of the faid turnpikes for the time being, or for any three or more of the commiffioners of each of the faid turnpikes, at any of their publick meetings, to treat and agree with the commiffioners conftituted by this aft* for the taking or fanning any of the faid tolls.

C VIII. And it is hereby further enafted, That the faid com* miffioners, at any publick meeting, may, and they are hereby impowered to borrow, and take up at intereft, any turn or Turns of money, upon the credit of the tolls payable by virtue of this aft, and to affign over the fame, or any part thereof, by any writing or writings, under their hands and feals, or under the hands and feals of any feven or more of them, the charges of fuch alignments and conveyances to be paid out of fuch tolls refpeftively, to any perfon or perfons who (hall advance or lend their money thereon, as a fecurity or fecurities, for the feverai fums which (hall be borrowed, and the intereft thereof, as a-forefaid: and copies of all fuch alignments and conveyances (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, by the clerk for the time being of the faid commiffioners; and all and every perfon and perfons, to whom fuch affignments (hall be made, are hereby impowered, from time to time, to affign and transfer their right and intereft, by indorfement on the back of their fecurities, in like manner and form as the fecurities for the monies borrowed on the rates and afieflments,

to

\

i*5

1770.] Anno uhdecimo GEbRGn III. c.29;

to be made and levied by virtue of this a£t, are before directed to be aligned and transferred$ and all fuch affignments and transfers (hall be produced, notified, and entered in like manner as is before defcribed, with refpedt to the producing, notification, and entry of the affignments and transfers of the fe^ curities for fuch rates and affeffments; and it fhall not be in the power of any perfon who (hall have made any alignment or transfer of their lecurities on the faid tolls to make void or dif- AU creditors charge the fame, or any money due thereon; and no perlon or deemed equal perfons advancing any fums of money on the credit of the faidin degree, tolls, (hall be intitled to any preference with refpedt to the priority of advancing any fuch fum or fums, but all perfons to whom any mortgages or affignments (hall be made as aforefaid, fhall be creditors in equal degree, one with another, in proportion to the fums therein mentioned.

CIX. And it is hereby further enadted, That if any perfon Penalty on or perfons (hall forcibly or wilfully go or pafs with any horfe, forc*Wy P*f&t ‘ bead, or carriage through any turnpike whereat any toll is, hy virtue of this a<5t, to be paid, without paying fuch toll, or pro* or giving or ducing a note or ticket as aforefaid, at luch turnpike; or (hall receiving knowingly or defignedly affault, interrupt, or obftrudt any ort,cket*» &c. either of the collectors or perfons employed in the colledting or mentof the" receiving any or either of the faid tolls, in the execution of his tolls, or their refpedtive office or offices, or (hall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or (hall deliver to, or receive from any other perfoni or perfons, any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the pay-, ment of any or either of the faid tolls, or any part thereof, e-verv perfon fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings, over and beGdes fuch damages and puni(hments as they and every of them refpedtively (hall be liable to by law; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid receivers or collectors, and for every of them, and all other perfons required by them, to affift in that refpedt to feite any horfe or horfes, cattle or goods, belonging to, or in the pollelfion, or under the care of any perfon or perfons fo offending in the premiffes, and to take fuch offenders before any juftice of the peace, and before him to make complaint of fuch offence or offencesj and fuch juftice may and is hereby required to enquire into the lame, as well by examination of the party or parties, as by the teftimony of any credible witnefs or wit-nefles upon oath, (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter without fee or reward ;) and if the faid juftice (hall fee caufe, to convidt the party or parties complained of in the penalty aforefaid, and for nonpayment thereof, and of the tolls that (hall be due (though the fame (hall not be demanded) by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe the faid horfe or horfes, cattle or goods, to be fold for payment of the faid tolls and penalties, and the charges of feizing and keeping the fame, and of fuch (ale, rendering the overplus, if any there (hall be, to the owner or owners of the faid horfe or horfes, cattle orv goods, or to the perfon or perfons under whofe care or in ,	whofe*

126

Anno undecimo Georgii III. C.29.	[1770,

whole poflcffion they relpedirelf were when fb at afore, laid; and if no fuch feizure as aforefaid can or (hail be nude, then the aforefaid penalty and tolls (hall be levied and recovered by fuch means, and applied in fuch manner, at herein after mentioned.

Perfon* af- CX. And moreover* it (hall and may bfc lawful for any of faulting, See. the colle&ars of the rates and tolls hereby granted. Or other of. the collectors ficcr to be appointed by virtue of this ad, who Qiadi be aflaaJt-tbelr *£j,m* ed, obftruded, or interrupted in the execution of any of their takTthem’be- refp^»v* offices, and for every of them, and all other perfoni ton a juftice of required by them to affift in that refped, to take (uch offender the peace. before any juftice of the peace, who is hereby required to esquire into die fame in manner as above directed ; and if he (hall fee caufc, to convid the party or parties complained of in the penalty laft mentioned, to be levied and recovered as hereafter directed.

Money nifed CXI. And it is hereby further enaded, Thai all tbe monks by this aft to be.raifcd by virtue of this ad, (hall be, and the fame are here* vetted in the by vetted in the (aid mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the ansyor, arc. crtyf and (hail be applied to the purpofes of this ad, and to and for no other ufe or purpofe whatsoever.

Writings to CXU. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded. That be without no nomination, con trad, bond, warrant, judgement, or other writing whadbever, under the hand and feal, or hands and fcals, or only (igned by any commiffioner or commifltaners, anftito* ted by this ad, or any juftice or jullices of the peace, or eshi* bited before any of them, or under the hand and feal, or hands and (cals, or only (igned by any other perfon or perfous what* foever, relating to the execution of this ad, (hall be chargeable with any duty whatfoever.

For limiting CXIU. Judwhereas if	he very	end bentfidd a

the number the publick, if the number of hackney coaches which are	to

ofcwlches** f** ^}*rt **certain\fireettor place* within the food and liberties, were,	in'feme infantes, to he limited, and their difames oti	a

the other, when fo plying, were to be regulated and fettled, mi t proper rtgifier of the plates of abode of the feveral owners of fuch coaches was to he kept at the office of the coatmiffionert under this aO, at the Guildhall in the fad city; be it therefore enaded, That from and after the patting of this ad, the number of coaches to (land and ply for hire, between the end of Freeman’s Court in Corubill and the end of Cornbill eaftward, in the (aid city, (hall be no more than ten at any one time; dnd from the end of Bucklerjburyto the end of	Cbtapfide, no mure	than

five, and not to approach or continue nearer the one to the o* ther than twenty feet; and that all and every other coach, (land, ing or plying for hire in any other ftreet or place within the (ad city and liberties, (hall fo (land or ply, except where the (landing (hall be againft any dead wall, at the (pace or diftance of eight feet at the lead from each other $ and that all and ever}' coach or eoaehes, plying or Handing for hire within the faid city and liberties, (hall give way to, and make room for all waggons,

drays.

t??o.] AnnO uncfecimo GfioRGli ill. C.tgi	iaf

drays, carts, and other carriages, to pafs or repafs along or a-crofs any of the faid ftreets and places, upon pain that the owner or driver of every hackney coach, which (hall (land or ply for hire in any of the faid'places where the number of hackney coaches is hereby limited, after the number of coaches fo re-fpeAively limited (hall be (landing or plying therein, or (hall (land or ply for hire nearer to any other hackney coach than it hereby directed, or (hall not, upon demand, from time to time* give way, and make fufficient room for fuch other carriage to pafs or repafs as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fmn of twenty (hillings; to be recovered and levied by luch ways and methods as by the feveral a6ts of parliament now in force concerning hackney coaches, or any of them* as all or any of the penalties and forfeitures incurred by hackney coachmen, may be now recovered and levied.

CXIV. And be it further ena&ed, that within feven days af-places of a* ter the owner of every hackney coach (hall be licenfed by the bode of hack-commiffioners appointed for licenfing and regulating hackney ncLcoaC|J2f,, coaches and chairs, every fuch owner (hall leave at the office of ^ reg“*er-the faid conSmiffioners under this aft, at the Guildhall aforefaid, with the principal clerk, or the afliftant clerk, to the faid com-miflioners, a true account in writing of his, her, or their place or places of abode, with the figure or number of each coach; and the feveral owners of hackney coaches already licenfed by the faid cotnmiflioners, (hall, within fixty days after palling of this adt, leave the like true account in writing of their refpedUve places of abode, figures and numbers, at the aforefaid office, with the faid principal clerk, or clerk-affiftant, and fo from time to time, every licenfed hackney coachman (hall, within (even days after his place of abode (hall be changed, give the like account at the faid office, upon pain that the owner or owners of every fuch hackney coach (hall, upon every refufal or negledl fo to do, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings.

CXV. Provided always, that the (aid juftice or juftices may, pmvj(k and they are hereby impowered, at his or their diferetion, to mitigate or compound any of the faid forfeitures or penalties to or for any lefler fum, not lefs than one half thereof.

CXVI. And it is hereby further enaCted, that in every cafe offenders not where any perfon (hall, either upon his or her own confefiion, paying penal* or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies, be ties to be com* convi&ed before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the faid city, or of the place where fuch perfon (hall be found, of any offence by him or her committed againft this a£t, for which offence any forfeiture or penalty is or are hereby enaAed, the manner of recovering whereof is not hereby particularly directed, (which oathduch juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter,) it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices, and he and they are hereby authorifed and dire&ed, upon the (aid party’s refufal or negleCt to pay down fuch forfeiture or penalty, immediately to commit him or them to one of the compters of the faid city, for any time not exceeding

Anno undecimo GfiOROU III. c.2<j.	[1770;

ing one month, and not lefs than fourteen days, unlefs the faid forfeiture or penalty (hall be Tooner paid ; and all and every the forfeitures and penalties, to be recovered by virtue of this ad, (hall be paid into the chamber of the faid city, and applied to fome of the purpofes to which any of the rates or affeflments, to be raifed by virtue hereof, are hereby diredted to be applied. Proceeding! CXVII. And it is hereby further enabled, that no proceed-ing to be had touching the convidion of any offender or offen-wit of form.	aga*n^ this ad, or any order made, or other matter or

* thing to be done or tranfaded* in or relating to the execution of this ad, (hall be vacated or quafhed for want of form j any law or (iatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

Limitation of CXVIII* And it is hereby further enaded, that no action or aoion«« fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, until twenty-one clear days notice (hall be thereof given in writing to the clerk for the time being of the commiffioners conftituted by this ad, or after fuf-ficient fatisfadion, or tender thereof, hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after fix calendar months next after the fad committed, for which fuch adion or adions, fuit or fuits, (hall be fo brought; and every fuch adion (hall be brought, laid, and tried in the city or county where the caufe of adion. (hall arife, and not elfewhere; and that the defendant or defendants* in fuch adions or fuits, and every of them, may plead Genera] ifflie. the general iflue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial or trials which (hall be bad thereupon} and that the matter or thing for which fuch adion or adions, fuit or fuits, (hall be fo brought, was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad: and if the faid matter or thing (hall appear to have been fo done, or if it (hall appear that fuch action or fuit was brought before twenty-one clear days notice given as aforefaid, or that fufficient fatisfadion was made or tendered as aforefaid, or if any fuch adion or fuit (hall not be commenced within the time before for that purpofe limited or (hall be laid in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then the jury or juries (hall find for the defendant or defendants therein; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch adion or adions, fuit or fuits, (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuancc of fuch adion or adions, or if judgement (hall be given for the defend-, ant or defendants therein; then, and in either of the cafes afore-Treble coft*. faid, fuch defendant or defendants (hall have trebljt cofts, and (hall have fuch remedy for recovering the lame, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their cods, in any other cafes by law.

Ad S* Geo. 3 CXIX. And it is hereby further enaded and declared, that repealed* immediately after the feveral authorities, powers, and provifions herein before given or granted, eflablUhed, declared, and provided, (hall commence and take effed refpedively, for the purpofes of paving, cleanfing, and lighting the faid city, and the liberties thereof, and the other purpofes of this ad, according to the tenor and true meaning thereof, the faid ad made in the

eighth

2gt

1770.] Anno undcdmo Georgii III. c. 29. -

eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for the better paving, cleanfing, and lighting the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and for preventing obftrudions and annoyances within the fame, and For other purpofes therein mentioned, and for repealing an ad made in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, for thofe purpofes, (hall be, and the lame is hereby repealed.

CXX. Provided a)fo, and it is hereby further enaded and de- Rates under dared, that nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be con- former adts ftrued to extend, to repeal, annul, or make void, any of the rates DO[.** *** or afleflfments made or charged by virtue or in purfuance of any nttUcd* fuch former ad or adts of parliament, which were due and payable, or in arrear, on the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thou&nd feven hundred and feventy-one, or any of the remedies, powers, or provifions given or provided by fuch former act or ads refpedively, for the colleding, levying, or recovering the fame; but all fuch rates and afieflinents, and all arrears thereof refpedively, which were due and payable on the faid twenty-fifth day of Marcb9 one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, and all the remedies, powers, and provifions in and by fuch former ad or ads refpedively granted, enaded, or provided, for the colleding, recovering, aod levying the lame re-fpedively, (hall continue and be in force; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

CXXl. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and de- Not to make dared, that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be con- * Pr®®ee^j" ftrued to extend, to make void the appointment of any officers al-	er 1	*

ready appointed, by virtue of the faid ad hereby repealed, or to make void any other proceeding, already had or commenced by virtue of, and under the authority of the faid ad, or to prevent the compleating of any fuch proceedings; but that the faid com-miffi oners, conftituted by this ad, (hall and may carsy into execution, and compleat all fuch proceedings commenced under the faid ad, although repealed, in the like manner as if the; fame had been commenced under and by virtue of this ad.

CXXII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded and declared, that nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be con-ftrued to extend, to revive the faid ads made in the nineteenth. Ad 190, and twenty-fecond, and twenty-third years of the reign of the Sc Car. a* late King Charles the fecond, or the faid ad made in the fecond %0q ^ year of the reign of their late majefties King IVilliam and Queen Mary, or the-laid ad made in the tenth year of the reign, of his ^	^

late majefty King George the fecond, or the faid ad made in the 10 feventeenth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George 17® Geo. »♦ the fecond, or an ad made in the thirty-third year of the reign 3J® Geo. a. of his faid late Majefty, or an ad made in the fixth year of his 6o ^ prefent Majefty’s reign, but fuch parts of the faid feveral ads as * *' refpedively relate to the publick iewers, drains, vaults, or pavements of the faid city and liberties (hall, and the fame are hereby declared to be repealed ; any thing in any of the faid ads to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

Vol. XXIX.	1	CXXJIi;	And

*3<>

Publkk *&

Preamble.

Arino undecimo Georgij II!. c. 30, 31.	[1770.

CXXIII. And it is hereby further ena&ed, that this 2& (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick a<ft, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by ail judges, juftices and other perfons whatfoever, without (pecially pleading the fame*

CAP. XXX.

An a& for deaafing and lighting the ttrcets of the town of South Leith, the territory of Saint Anthony's, and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining, and for fapplying the federal parts thereof with frefh water.

CAP. XXXI.

An aS far the encouragement of the white Herring fijbery.

WHEREAS the carrying on and improvement of the Britifh white herring ffberies are of great importance to tbefe kingdoms, by increajing the trade and navigation thereof and being a nvr-fery for feamen, and otberwife a means of employing and providing for great numbers of indtt/irious poor, provided that reafonablt encouraic-ment be given to fucb perfons as are willing to carry on the faid fifie-ries : therefore, and for the better regulation of the faid trade, and for preventing fraudi and impofitions in the management thereof be it cna&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that as an encouragement to all perfons whatfo-eyer, as well bodies politick and corporate as others, to engage in the faid white herring flfheries, that, from and after the twen-ty-fecond day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and feven-Bounty of jos. ty-one, a bounty of thirty Shillings per ton (hall be paid annual-per ton on the ly, in manner as herein after provided for, to the owner or ow-veflels em- ners of all decked veflels from twenty to eighty tons burthen, which (hall be fitted out and employed in the faid filheries, in manner and under the regulations herein after mentioned, and that, for the (pace and term of feven years, from and after the faid twenty-fecond day of Ofleber, one thoufand (even hundred and fcventy-one, and to the efrd of the then next enfuing feffion of parliament.

II.	And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that the faid bounty of thirty (hillings per ton (hall, for every veflel or veflels proceeding to the (hid flfheries, immediately, from any

ployed in the filheries,

How and where the bounty (hall be paid.

port or place within that part of Great Britain called Engl

me.

Provifo.

be paid out of fuch monies as (hall be produced out of his Ma-jefty’s cuftoms there; and fbr all other veflels which (hall take their departure from any port Or place within that pan of Greet Britain called Scotland, out of the monies which (hall be produced out of his Majesty’s cuftoms or excife within that part of the united kingdom laft mentioned.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, that no perfon or perfons (hall be allowed or intituled to receive the bounty herein before granted for any bufs or veflel which (hall not proceed dire&ly upon the faid fithery, from that part of theninited kingdom to which fuch bufs or veflel (ball belong, and where her owners refide* and that

th:

1770. J	Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 31.	131

the matter and owners of fuch bufs or veflel (hall take out their licence from the colle&or and comptroller of the port where fuch bufs or veflel was bona fide manned, vidtualled, fumifhed, accoutred, and fitted out tor that voyage $ any thing in this all, or any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftandinz.

IV.	Ahd be it further enacted, that every fuch bufs or veflel All bullet or which Alai! be employed in the faid white herring fitheries, to b« whofe owner or owners (hall be intituled to the bounty of thir-dec^cd* ty (hillings per ton by virtue of this alt, (hall be a decked bu(s or veflel, built in Great Britain after the firft day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty, and (hall proceed on the faid fi(heries from fome port in Great Britain, manned and navigated as by the law now in force is directed 5 and before fiich bufs or veflel proceed on fuch voyage, or be intituled to the benei-fit of this alt, (he (hall be vifited by fuch officer or officers of the culioms belonging to fuch port, who (hall be appointed by the commiffioners of the cufloms to examine into fuch bufs or veflel, and who (hall take an account of the tonnage thereof, by admeafurcment, and (hall certify fuch his or their vilitation, examination, and admeasurement, to the commiffioners of his Ma-jefty’s cuftoms; and that (he hath on board fuch a quantity of fifhing-nets, and other (tores, to be ufed in the faid fifhery as herein after mentioned, and otherwife is a proper veflel to be employed in the faid fifhery \ and upon its further appearing, by the oath of one or more owner or owners, or agent appointed by them, and of the matter or chief officer* of fuch veflel, written at the foot of the faid certificate, and made before the colleltor or comptroller of fuch port, who are hereby impowered and required to adminifter the fame, that it is really and truly their firm purpofe add determined refolution, that luch bufs or veflel (hall proceed refpeltively, fo manned, furnifhed, and accoutred, cither to Yarmouth, in the county of Norfolk; Whitehaven, in the countjr of Cumberland 1 Leith, in the county of Edinburgh ;

Invernefs^ in the county of Invernefs; or to BraJjiy Sounds in Shetland 5 Campbeltown, or Oban, in Argylejbire; or Kirkwall, in 04-nejy and be at the rendezvous of the (aid fifhery there on or before the twenty-fecond day of June, and (hall not (hoot or wet their nets before the twenty-fourth day of the faid month of June, and (hall continue fifhing to the twelfth day of Qflober j or (lull proceed to Yarmouth 9 in the county of Norfolk 3 Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland 3 Leith, in the county of Edinburgh 3 Invernefs, in the county of Invernefs > or to Brajfey Sound, in Shetland j Campbeltown, or Oban> in Argylefhire; or Kirkwall, in Orkney, and fie at the rendezvous of the faid fifhe-ries, on or before the firft day of Oflober, and (hall continue fifh-iflg to the eleventh day of January following, unlefs they (hall have fooner completed their loading of fi(h 5 and (hall fifli in an orderly and regular manner, without impeding or obftruA-ing other veflels which (hall be employed in the faid fifhery; and (hall keep a journal of their proceedings : and if, after fuch certificate had, and oath made, fuch owner or owners, or their

I2	agents,

132

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c% 31.	[<770.

agents, and matter, or chief officer of fuch veflel as aforefaid do alfo become bound, with two fufficient fureties unto his Majcf-ty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the penalty of fuch fums as (hall be equal to treble the bounty on the tonnage of his vefTel intended by this a£t, (which bond, the collector, with the approbation ot the comptroller, is hereby required to take, and is to be in force for the fpace of three years, againft the matter and his fureties, for the faithful dealing of the faid matter and (hip company, in regard to the faid veflel and voyage;) then, and in fuch cale, it (hall and may be lawful fbr the collector and comptroller of fuch port, to give and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant to the matter and owners of fuch bufs or vefTel, full litence and authority to proceed on fuch voyage as aforefaid.

Such decked V. And to prfcvfcnt ahy difputes which may arife, whether a t° have veflel be properly qualified artd dally fitted out for the herring Winchester* E^ery, according to the true intent and meaning of this atf, buflieli of fait and intitled to a certificate from the cuttom-houfe officers, it is for every lad hereby enaAed that every fuch veifel (hall be a decked veflel, offifli. built in Great Britain, after the firft day of January, one thou-fand feven hundred and fixty, and (hall have on board twelve Winchejler bufhels of fait for every laft of fifh which fuch veflel is capable of holdlhg; which fait (hall be barrelled Up in new barrels, and as many more new barrels as fuch bufs or veflel is capable of carrying, and (hall have on board, at the place of rendezvous, two hundred and fifty fquare yards of netting for each' ton of bufs meafuremcnt, together with the cuttomary quantity of other materials for the equipment and mounting of the faid two hundred and fifty yards of netting in the fifhery bufinefs; but with liberty to make ufe of fuch net* in the fame as they (hall find bett adapted to the faid fifheries.

Every veflel of VI. And be it further enadted, that every fuch veflel of twenty Jons, which (hall be employed in the laid fifhery, (hall have on board, at fuch of the places afore mentioned as (hall be appointed for their rendezvous, not lefs than fix men $ and every veflel of greater burden (hall, over and above the fix men afore* (aid, have one for every five tons which (he (hall exceed twenty tons.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, that, on the return of fuCh veflel into any port of Great Britain for her difeharge, the chief officer of the cuftoms, or fuch other officer of the cuftoms as he (hall appoint at fuch port, (hall immediately repair on board fuch veflel, and view the condition of fuch veflel and her fading, and certify the fame, together with their obfervations thereon, and alio the real tonnage of the faid bufs or veflel; and the faid officers are alfo to take an account of the names of the matter and other perfons on board, and to certify the fame; and the matter (hall make oath before the collector and comptroller of fuch port, (who are hereby impower-ed and required to adminifter the fame,) which (hall be wrote on the back of, or annexed to the licenfe granted as aforefaid,

and

to tons to have fix men on board.

Veflcli to be infpelted by officers of the cuftoms.

*33

i77o.]	Anno undcdmo Georgii III. c.31.'

and which they are hereby required to deliver up, and what they did in purfuance thereof, that fuch veflel was at one of the places before mentioned, at the time appointed by this aft, and has not fince been on any other voyage, or purfued any other defign or view of profit; and that they did remain filhing according to the direftions of this aft, and had, at the time of their rendezvous, the quantity of nets and other (lores and number of men herein before direfted to be on board the faid veflel; which certificate, fcbedulc, licence, and oath, together with the account of the fiih taken by the faid veflel, (hall fie tranfmitted by the col-leftor or comptroller of fuch port, in cafe the faid bufs or veflel departed with her licence from any port within that part of Great Britain called England, to the commiffioners of the* cuf-toms of England; and in cafe fuch bufs or veflel departed with her licence from any port within that part of Gnat Britain called Seat land, to the commiflioners of cuftoms or excife for that part of the united kingdom 5 and fuch cotnmiflioners refpeft ive-ly being folly fatisfied of the faithful dealings of the matter and other pcribns employed in fuch veflels with refpeft to fuch voyage and fifhing, (hall, on demand, caufe payment to be made to the owner or owners, or to his or their afligns, by the receiver-general of the cuttoms or excife, as the cafe (hall happen, the film of thirty (hillings per ton, according to the admeafurement of fuch veflel duly certified as aforefaid.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is further enafted by the au- Owners not thority aforefaid, that the owner and owners aforefaid (hall not intitled to be intituled to have and receive the bounty of thirty (hillings per thc ton, by this aft given, or allowed to veflels employed in the faid p^r ton in fi(heries, in refpeft of fuch veflels as (hall return into port with of fuch * a lets number of hands than fuch veflel is required by this aft to veflels as (hall have on board at the rendezvous, unlefs it (hail be made appear, [ejfun* * that fuch number hath been reduoed by death, or that fuch re- d$ Jhsm °* Auction is occafioned by ficknefs, or deration, without any de- required. * fault, fraud, or collufion, on the part of the faid owner and

owners.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, that Owners not the faid owner and owners (hall not be deemed liable to forfeit, deemed liable or incur a forfeiture of the faid bounty of thirty (billings per ton, ^unt ^fthe fo given to veflels employed in the faid fi(heries, in refpeft of fuch ^eVdid de-bufles as (hall not arrive at one of the places, in and by this pre- part for fucti fent appointed for the rendezvaufing of the bufles or veflels refpeftive

to be employed in the faid fifheries, by or on the refpeftive days P.laccs at

appointed for thc rendezvous of fuch bufles or veflels 5 provided, c'™c aPP0W$*

that fucfi bufles or veflels did really and bona, fide take their depar*

tore for fuch refpeftive places of rendezvous, or one of them, at

leaft five days before the refpeftive day6 herein before named

and appointed for the veflels employed ip the faid fifheries to be

at fuch refpeftive places of rendezvous, and that fuch hnfles or

veflels be fitted out in all refpefts conformable to the direftions

and regulations herein before provided.

And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, that m ^ kuffel 13	in

134	Anno	undecimo Geokgii liL c. 31.	[1770*

do not arrive in all calcs where the refpe&ive bufa employed in the fed fi(h-at their ren- erjcs> and taking their departure for fuch rcfpedive places of rea-oath°may be dezvous at the refpe&ive times before mentioned, dull not ar-vaned. rive at the laid refpedive ftations at Yarmmth, in the county of Norfolk; Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland; Leith, in the . county of Edinburgh \ Inverru/s, in the county of Invernefi^ or to Braffey Sound, in Shetland; Campbeltown, or Oban, in jkgyle-/hire; or Kirkwall in Orkney, or one of them, on or before the refpe&ive days herein before dfrc&ed and appointed, the before* mentioned oath, required to. be made by the refpe&iue matters of fuch bufles or vefiels at their return into port for their dif-charge, with refpe& to fo much of fuch oath as relates to their having arrived at fuch refpedhve places of rendezvous, or one of them, on fuch days as is for that purpofe already mentioned and appointed, or cither of them, a ad to tbeir having remained fiftung, according to the direction* of this prefect a&, may and (hall from henceforth, be varied, and made conformable tn the particular rircumftanccs attending filch refpe&ive bufles or veflels fo quitting their refpe&ive ftations at fea, from whence the laid fisheries are diretted to be carried one, or either of them, or to their not arriving at any of the (aid refpe&ive ftations of Yar~ mouth, in the county of Norfolk } Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland; Leith, in the county of Edinburgh; Unvernefi, in the county of lovernefs; or to Braffey Sound, in Shetland , Cambel-town, or Oban, in Jrgylejbire, or Kirkwall in Orkney, herein before appointed for the rendezvous of inch bufles or veflels & and that fuch oath (haU be made and taken by the matter, or other chief officer, of fiich butt or veffel fo returning into pom for adifchorge.

Perfons em- XI* And be it farther enadted by the authority aforefaid, ployed in the That all and every perfon and perfons employed in the (aid laid fiftieries, fiftjerica may fifti in any part of the Briti/b feas, and (haU have free ufe of all aftt^ exarcifc the free ufe of all ports, harbours, (hores, and ports, har- fewlands in Great Britain, or the iftaods belonging to the hours, See. in crown of Great Britain, below the higheft high-water mark, Britain and and for the fpace of one hundred yards on any watte or unculci-tberetobc- vated land beyond fuch mark, within the land, for landing faoffng. " their nets, calks, and other materials, utenfils, and ftoies^ and for eroding tents, huts, and ftages, and for the landing, pickling, curing, and reloading their fifti, and in drying tbeir nets, without paying any foreland or other dues, or any other lum or furas of money, or other confideration whatfoever, for fuch liberty (except as herein after is excepted), any law, ftatuse, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding: and if any perfon or perfons fhall prefume to demand or receive any dues, fiuns of money, or other confideration whatfoever, for the ufe of any fuch [>orts, harbours, (bores, or forelands, within the limits a-forefatd, or (hall obftrud the filheitnen, or other perfons employed in the taking or curing of fiih, or drying their nets, in the ufe of the fame, every perfon faoffending, (hall* fbr every fuch Offenders to offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, ta be recover-fotfeit sool* ed and levied in manner herein after directed

1

XII. PfQ»

*lf

1770.} Anno ondedino GsoSoii lit. c; ji«

XII.	Provided always. That necking in this aA contained {hall extend to exempt the veflels, or boats, employed in the laid fifheries, from the payment of fack harbour or pier dtftlea as are, and by the law ought to be, demanded for (hips, veflels, or boats, » piers, or harbours, which are built or artificially made, bat that fuch harbodr or pier dues (h»H be paid in like manner as the fame were liable to be paid before the paffing of this afi.

XIII.	And be it further enadtod by the authority sfortfcid, Penalty to bt That the penalty herein before mentioned (had and they be determined profecuted and determined by bill, plaint, or in formation, in any £y Mu.or in* of hie Majefty’s courts of record at Wefiminjter, or in the Court ,orraatl0n• of exchequer in Scotland reflectively; wherefono eflblnV'protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance,'

(hall be allowed; and one moiety of fuch penalty (hat! be to thp ufe of bis Msjefty, and the other moiety to fuch perfon of persons as wiH fue for and predicate the fame.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enadltd by the authority afore- Commifflon

laid. That it (half and may be towful for the cemmMkmers of	of cuftoms

his Majesty’s cu horns for England and Scotland refpeftjvely, to to order pay. order the find bounty to be paid* by the receiver-general &f ®ent **“•• cafbier of the cuftoms fov that part of Great Britain, from co“d”^! whence the bufs or veflel (hall have disparted as herein before veflel, fee. directed, out of any money in the bends of (belt receiver-gene^ (ball have do-, ral or cafhier, a tiling from any of the duties, revenues, and pwied. cuftoms, under the management of fuch refpc drive eomifflffidfei '

era; and if the receiver-general or cafhier of rite cuftotne at Editt- Reedyer-ge-burgb fhaU not havefaffieient money in bis hands topeythe Aid nwakof ou- , bounty, the commifiloiters of his Majesty’s Cuftoms at	haws atEdim

burgh, or a»»y three of them (hall forthwith give the perfon or perfons intitled to receive (rich bounty, »• eertifiuote,' certifying to pay thT^ the fome to the commiffioflees of hie Majefty’s excite for that bounty, compart of Great Britain called Section d\which certificate’, bCiftg nyfliouvr* to affixed to-the licence,- and other certificates and documents re- St taSa quired by law,, and being produced to the Aid cOmmiffioriers of perTon intitled excite, they the laid ebrnmiffiormrs are hereby * inherited and to the corn-required, on demand, tt> carter the money therein certified as miflioner* of aforefaidto be due, robe paid bylife receiver-genera I, or cafhier	orp,jr'

of the faid excite, out of any money in his hand* arifing froth any of the duties and revenues, under the management of fuch comatifironers; any tow, ceftom, or uAgc,' to rile contrary notwithftanding.	1

XV. And	whereas the rtvtnut in	that part	Great Britain call-

ed Scotland, hitherto applicable to the payment of the bounties granted for the encouragement of the Britifh white herring	hath

not been fufficient to fatisfy and pay the faid bounties for	vef-

fels and bujfes which have proceeded by licence on the faid	from

thence, and divers certificates and orders for the payment of Jueh bounties do for that reafon remain unfatisfied : Now, for maxing a reafonable compenfation for fuch delay of payment, be it further Perfon* to enabled by the authority aforefaid, Tnat every perfon and per- whom bounty

14	fons,remauu un4u

for forbear •nee.

136	Atm©	undedmo Georgii III. c. 31;	[1770.

tisfitd, (hall, fons,' who, from and after the fifth day of JpriL, one thoufimd *fter ^Pnl ?• feven hundred and feventy one, (hall be legally intitled to re-led to intereft ce*ve »ny fuch bounty which (hall then remain due and unfatis-of ) ftrcent, fied, for, or in refped of any bufs or veffel, which before the firft day of O/ftdrr, one thousand feven hundred and feventy, proceeded from Scotland upon tbe-faid white .herring filbery, (hall, for the forbearance of fuch money as (hall be fo due, be allowed intereft, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum for the fame, fufeh intereft to be computed from the faid fifth, day of April* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, and he.oontinued until notice (hall be given in the

tetthrand Edinburgh	Courant*by order of the lord high tneafu-

rer, or the commifli oners or his Majesty’* treafury for the time being, that the money due Gar fitch bounties, (hall and will be paid off and difeharged.

XVI.	And it- is hereby further enaded by the authority afore* faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the oommifiioners of

items in Scot- his Majesty’s cuftoms for that part of Great Britain called -Aid intereft to 19 ctw,k the faid intereft allowed by this ad to be paid an-b. paid anno- nua|ly by the reoeiver-general of the cuftoms in Scotland* out of any money in.bis bands arifing from any of the duties, revenues, and cuftoms, under the management of fuch commiffioners.

XVII.	And-beat-further ended by the authority afbrefeid. That, for preventing-any difficulties about afcertairang, getting Wi and receiving all fuch Turns of money as (hall for the future

tranfrait exaft become due and payable by law, as a duty of fix-pence per w rtia	from	all Teamen who are or (hall be employed in the fer-

office in tone ViW of.the Briti/h white hetring fifhery, for the fopport of the don, for recti- rpyalhofpital at Greenwich* the commiffioners for the time be-very ofmoncy	cf his Majesty’s cuftoaK, or of excife, if in Scotland* as the

w^h°itefpitv]c,<® ®*y-be» dull, and they ore hereby required, from time to from fcatnen time, after the commencement of this ad, to tranfmit, or caufc employed in to the trsnfmittsd, with all convenient fpeed, to the office of the white her- receiver for the time being of the faid duty in London* a true png nflrtry. ^ txa#copy of every certificate which (hall, from time to time, after the (aid commencement, be tranfmitted to them the faid commiffioners, by all or any of the refpedive collectors and comptrollers of the feveral nut-ports in Great	in	order

to-the faid commiftioners caufing payment to be made of the bounty of thirty (hillings per tor), purfuant to the diredions of pn ad of parliament made in the twenty-third year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An a8 for the encouragement of the Britifh white birring	fi/hfrp.

Commiffion-ers of the cu-

alty.

Copamiflion* erf, &c. in Scotland^ to

CAP,

1770.] Anno undedmo Georoii III. c; 30.	137

CAP. XXXII.

An a3 for defraying the charge of the pay and cloatbing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one pear, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one tboufand [even hundred and feventy-one-, for indemnifying the	landholdersoftbe'ljle	ofWight from the payment of

the monies due by virtue of an aft of the ninth year of bis prefent Mojefiy, and for other purppfes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS it is neteffarj that previfien Jbtmld be mode for it- Preamble.

fraying the charge ef the pay and	the ,in

that	partef Great Britain called England, for one year, from the

twenty-fifth day ef March, one tboufand	jeven hundred and feventy-

ent\ be it therefore ena&ed by the King's moft excellent tna-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,' and commons, in this prefent pviiament afiem-bled, and by the authority of the lame, That in every county, ^ riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called	,	militia it or

where the militia is or (hall fee railed, the receiver or receivers- fhall be railed, general of the land-tax for foch county, riding, or place refpec-the rec*i”£: tively, Bull ilfuc and pay the whole fums required, in the man- rnnetr i» >0 ner, and for the feveral ufes herein-after mentioned ; that is to ;nbe far lay, foe the pay of the faid militia for four calendar months in month* payin advance, at the rate of fix (hillings a day for each adjutant; *^J*nc*> where an adjutant is appoinred; and at the rate of one milling eftalS&mem* for each farjeant, with the addition of two (hillings and fixpence 0f pay ben a week for each ferjeant-major, where a ferjeant-major is ap- fet down} pointed; and at the rate of fixpence >a day vat each drummer, with the addition of fixpgnce a day for each drum-major, where a drum-major is appointed; and alio at the rate of fixpence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, and independent company of militia ; one penny whereof (hall be applied fordefiaying the hofpital expences of each regiment, battalion, or independent company, daring the time of the men's being from home, upon account of their annual exereife; and alfo for half a year’s falary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of mi- with half a litia belonging to foch county, riding, or place, at the rate of year'* Alary fifty pounds a year; and alfo for the refpedHve allowances tot0 tbe.re8* the clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the feveral fob- S'ttalion divifion meetings, at the rates following; that is to fay, to the clerk* 1 clerk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds and the allow-five (hillings for each meeting ; and to the feveral clerks of the ance* to the fubdivifion meetings, at the rate of one pound and one (hilling c|erk* of the for each meeting; and alfo for the cloathing of the militia for fuWivifion^ fuch county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds meeting*; and ten (hillings for each feijeant, and two pounds for each an(j „ for * drummer, with the addition of one pound for each ferjeant-ma- cloathing of ior, and each {tram-major; gnd with refpeft to the private mi- the mifitia.

■	litia

of the men and officers.

regiment or battalion (ex cepe the allowances to the desks of

*38	Aono	undecimo	Georgii	111.	c.32.	[1770.

litia men, where the militia hath not been doathed within three years, at the rate of one pound and ten (hillings for each private man.

The above xi. Provided nevcrthelefs, That is any county, riding, or

to™ p*dn,°if rSP* w ‘;".n?/elAbffI iffued "***mM», no pay pay has not wall be mued unul his MajeGys lieutenant, or in his absence, before been or in cafe of a vacancy by the death or removal of his Mayfly’s ifluedi till the lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants of any fuch county, nant ordepu- ri^rnf» OT P^cc, (hall have certified to the commilBonm of his ties (hall have Majefty’s treafury, and to the receiver-general of die land-tax, certified to that three-fifths of the number of private militia-men of fetch the treafury county, riding, or place, have been inrolled, and that throe-eeneraltheYn- ^the proportion of their comtnifSoa officers have acral ment of * cepted their commiffions, and entered their qualifications as three-fifths by law required.

III.	And be it cnaded. That all (rich ferns of money granted for the pay of the militia as aforefaid, except fuch as (ball The mdnev is be due to the fevcral clerks of the meetings afore hid, and cx-the receiver- ceP* hich as Iball be doe on account of cloathing, (hall, where geneni Tt^-the militia has never been embodied, be paid by the feud re-clcrfcof the ceiver or receivers-general of tbe land-tax, into the bands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments or battalions of militia belonging to fuch county, riding, or place, upnn his or their producing his nr their warrant nr warrants of appointments to fuch office, under the hand and leal of his Majesty’s lieutenant the meetings) for fuch refpective county, riding, or place) and wbc*e the apooproduc- g^btia has been embodied, into the hands of the ckrk or decks nnt of bi»r of the regiments or battalions, upon bis or tbeir producing his appointment; or their warrant or warrants of appointment to fech office, under the band and leal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion rcipedively, notwithstanding fuch militia (hall have been difembodied j and where tbe miktia Aiall be formed into an in-»nd for inde- dependent company, or independent companies, fetch ferns as pendent com- aforefaid (hall be paid by the laid receiver or receivers-general of P*"5*hto thethc land-tax, into the hands of the mfpe&ve captain of each captainsfor to independent company of militia, or to fuch per too as fuch rc-tbeir order; IpedUve captain (haU-authorife to receive the feme, according to the number of perfons hereby intided to receive pay and cloathing, of which fuch regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, independent company or independent companies, (hall have been appointed to conuft, according to the eftablifhment laid down in an a£k pafled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. aft explain* , reduce jniHtia aft of jnf0	one aft of parliament	thelaws now in being relating to

* Geo* 3* fa railing and training tbe militia within that part of Gnat Britain called England; and fuch receiver or receivers-general of tbe land-tax (haU alfo, within fourteen days after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of the faid firft payment,

A fecond pay- make a fecond payment for four calendar months in advance; ment is alio to and (hall alfo, within fourteen days after the expiration of the

three

according to tbe c/Ubliih-ment laid down in tbe

Anno undccimor GeoSQU III. c yi.	139

three calendar months from the time of the faid fecond pay mem, he made with-make a third .payment for four calendar months in adyaflec,twthefoft* for the pay and contingent expenecs of t|e. militia, and for the	r	9

allowances to the regimental or battalion clerk or clerks afore- amj a faid, in (he proportions herein before-mentioned ; and the re- within three ceiyts of fuch clerk or clerks, and of fuch captain of an inde- months after pendent company, or captams of independent companies, orthc ^cond* of foch perfon or perfon* as fuch captain or captains (hall fo au- Receiptsofthe thorife to receive fuch money aforefoid, (hall be a fufficient ^Jorn the mo-difehargeto fuch receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax for ney°S»all bTfo the feveral Aims of money fo by him or them paid.	paid, dif-

charge (he receivers-general*

IV.	And be it enaded, That the *le»k of each regiment or The regimen, battalion of militia (hall forthwith, after the receipt of fuchTums tal and batta-of moqey as afordaid, pay, or caufe to be paid, one calendarlion clt.rk‘*ra

month’s pay in advance to the aafutantof fuch regiment or bar-

\ Jrk. .	a	t	^	•	a* ®	..	vance one

talion idpeehvety j and to the captain or officer commanding month's pay

each company belonging to fuch regiment or battalion, twq to the »diu-monthc pay in advance for the ferjeants and drummers.; and al-tant iand two fo to the officer commanding the company, to which the fer- ™^cai^to jeam-niajor and drum-major ffiaH belong, two months jpay iny^. thJ vitTm advance for foch ferjeont and drum-major; and fo from tnxre to j-aota and time as bug as any money on that account fhatt remain in his drummer*; hands: which pay every foch captain or officer commanding is hereby required to distribute to fuch perfon belonging to his ^ drum-company, by this ad infilled to receive the fame, as"it mall be- major two come due; and the captain of each independent company is moartivpay to hereby required to Attribute to each perfon belonging to his bc *?*** . company mtitled thereto* fuch money as he (hall receive for pay cl the of his company by virtue of this ad ; and foch captain or offi- comp**? to cer commanding (hall, once in every year, give in to rhe clerk which they be-of the regiment or battalion to which fecit company (hall belong, ,0w8: or, if captain mi an independent company, to the receiver-general* an account of the fevend payments he (hall have made in porfaanocaf this adk, according ia the following form:	p?y ^cord-

isgff) aodnroooot for thc feme yearly to the clerk; or receiver-general, if an independent company, according to »fte following form j

County

*40

Anno ondcrimo GeoRGH III. c. 32.

[1770.

Coonlf of

To caih received of Mr., regimen battalion clerk, < ceiver>geaeral cmfe Jbail bo) months pay

fir Comtra.

Cr.

J

Paid fcrjeant for days pay from the of	to the	of

following ■	—	—

Ditto as ferjeant major (if 1 one in the company) f Paid fcrjeuit for days pay from the of	to the	of

following — —

Paid drummer days atfixpence, from 1 the ot to the

of following —-------

Ditto as drum major (if I one in the company) 3 Paid drummer	J

days from the of* > to the of following \

and pay back And (hall pay back to the faid clerk, or to the receiver-general, the (urf?t™ as the cafe (hall be, the furplus (if any) of the money by him fomcir m M ^rom t*me to ^roc received, and then remaining in his hands. On difebarge Provided always, and be it hereby further enaded. That of ferjeantsor in cafe the commanding officer of any raiment, battalion, or drummers as independent ^company of militia, (ball certify, in writing, to wnfit for fer- the clerk of the fame, that he hath difeharged any feijeant or ^iffuecftiV° drummer as u°fit ^°r the fervice 5 that in fuch cafe, no pay others are ap- he iflued for the perfon fo difeharged, until another be duly appointed; pointed by him; and that no payment be made to any feijeant nor any pay. or drummer who hath been fo difeharged, or who has not pre-fochalTare 10 viou^y been approved of by jhe commanding officer, iq cafe of difeharged, or vacancy by death or ptherwifp. who have not been approved by the commanding officer.

Theclerki are VI. And be it enabled. That the clerk, of each regiment or likemfetopay battalion of militia, out of the money herebydirected to be iffued allowed for™*an<* P*id to him for defraying the contingent expenccs of each contingent regiment or battalion, (hall, yearly and every year, pay to the cxpences, i d. colonel or officer commanding fuch regiment or battalion, one f®r penny a month for each private man and drummer, for defray* charge*! ing the hofpital expenccs of each refpe&ivc company of fuch it-and theVume giment or battalion during the time of the men’s being ahfent neccflary for from home, upon account of their annual cxercifc; and (hall, the repair of from t*,me to time, iflue out and pay fuch (urns of pioncy as rUge thereof" maY be neccflary for the repair of arms, and the carriage and Xe&oe to be* removal thereof, upon an order in writing, figned by the colo-appliedforthe nel or officer commanding fuch regiment or battalion; and ap* benefit of the piy^ difpofe of, and pay, the refidue of fuch money, for the ge-sr^he'field C ncra^ “k aD<* benefit of each fuch refpective regiment or batt^-officera and lion in fuch manner as the field officers and captains thereof, or captains (hall the greater part of them, (hall dired; and (hall, yearly and eve* dircA. ty year, make up an account of all fuch money, and the ex*

Accountofthe (aid fums to be made up yearly, fitc.



1770O Anno undedmo Gborgii HI. c. ja*	141

penditure thereof, and deliver the fame to the colonel or officer commanding filch regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and (igned; which account fo allowed and figned (hall be, and it is hereby dire&ed to be, the proper voucher and a<2-quital of fiich clerk, for the application and difpofal of fuch money.

VII.	And be it ena&ed, That the money hereby directed to Money aflow-

be ifiued for the contingent expencea of each independent com- **for contil1* pany of militia, (hall be, in like manner, applied to the parti- onndewMr^ cular ufe of fuch refpeftive independent company by the captain dent compa* thereof; and (hall, yearly and every year, be in like manner nie* to be ap-accounted for to the receiver-general of the land-tax of the	^

county or place to which fuch independent company (hall be-

long ; whofe allowance of fuch account (hall, in like manner, ™ be the proper voucher for the expenditure and difpofition thereof.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Commanding That the officer commanding every regiment, battalion, or in-officer* to dependent con<pany of militia, which mall be raifed and trained purfuant to the laws now in force, (hall, and they are hereby excSquerVe-refpe&ively required, from time to time, within thirty days af- torn* of the ter the exerdfiog of every fuch regiment, battalion; or indepen- officer* and dent company mall be finifhed, purfuant to the directions

the laws now in being in that refpetf, tranfam to the proper *t ^ auditor of his Majesty*s court of Exchequer a compleat return, annual cxer-figned by fiich officer commanding, of the feveral officers, non- die. commifiioned officers, and private men, who were adually in-rolled, and did ferve in every fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company, at the time the fame were fo exercifed as aforefaid, in like manner and form as is required to be made to one of his Majesty’s principal fecretaries of ftate.

IX.	And be it enaCted, That the (aid regimental or battalion Clerktoretafa clerk may and (hall retain to his own ufe, out of the money fo money in bi* by him received, fuch further fums as (hall complete the allow- band!

ance herein before made for his falary.	own ary’

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever his Majesty’s when the Id. lieutenant, or any three or more deputy-lieutenants of any coon- lieuts. or de-ty, riding, or place, (hall have fixed the days of exercife for the poties (hall militia, he or they (hall, as foon as may be, certify the fame to jj*** Jjf

the receiver-general of fuch county, riding, or place, fpecify- &(t ing the number of men, and the number of days fuch men are^ey aret<, to be abfent from home on account of fuch exercife; and fuch certify the receiver general is hereby required, within fourteen days after fame to tbs the receipt of fuch certificate, to iffue and pay to the clerk ofreceiw-ge-the feveral regiments or battalions, at the rate of feven (hillings ,^”thePnumr and fixpence per day for the captain of each company, and ?t her of men, the rate of three (hillings and fixpence per day for each lieute- and days they nant, and of three (hillings per day for each enfign; and alfo at ** abfent the rate of one (hilling per day for ea<^i private mifitia-man, with "°“\ ome* the addition of fixpence per day for each corporal of the militia, fo to be called out to exercife, for tbe number of days fuch offi- thereupon pay

cers for officers and

Afttio undecimo Geobgii III. t. 32.	t*57°-

cers and men (ball be abfent from home on account of fuch ex-ercife; and in fuch counties where there (hall be independent companies only, the receiver-general of each fuch refpeftive county (ball ifliie and pay to the captains of the independent companies at the rate of (even (hillings and lixpence per day for each captain, three (hillings and fixpence per day for each lieutenant, and three (hillings per day for each enfign; and aifo at the rate of one (hilling pir day for each private militia-man, with the addition of (ixpence per day for each corporal of the militia, fo to be called out to exercife, for the number of days fuch officers and men fhati be abfent from home on account of fuch exercife'; and the faid regimental or battalion clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay to each captain of the faid regiments over tb« mo- ** battalions the proportion or pay belonging to each captain, ney to the re- *and litoewife the pay belonging to their refpe&ive companies, foe&ive captain*.

Capuiat to XI. And be it further enabled, That the captain of each cora-a^unt^ac-Cir PanY	°P an account of all monies received and paid

cording to* by him on account of fuch exercife, according to the following the following form: form ;

County of	Dr.	Per	Cmtir*	Cr.

*4*

men to the regimental cleric, &c. Where there fhali be independent companies only, the receiver-general is to due pay to the captains, according to ibe rate here let down.

To cafh received of the regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver-general (at the

cafe /bail be) for days pay of men

;S

By my pay at captain Paid lieutenant Paid enfign

Paid	militia	men ]

day« i

Paid additional pay to corporals

"t& }

to be figned Which account (hall be figned by the faid captain, and county them, and terfigned by the commanding officer; and fuch captain (hall, ^unterfigned within ten days after the time fuch exercife is (inifhed, deliver ihanding°dH- fucb account, tnd pay the balance, if there be any due, to the cer, and deli- regimental or battalion clerk; or, if captain of an independent vered, with company, to the receiver-general: and fuch accounts (hall be t£CthalT£k’ allowed as fufficient vouchers in the paffing of the accounts of orreceiver-ge- receiver general, at the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer. neral. Accounts allowed fufficient vouchers.

During the	XII. Provided always, and oe it ena&ed, That where any

time the	regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, is or

troops areem- (hall be embodied, and called out into adtual fervice, and there-bodkd, and hy the officers and private militia-men are or Stall be infitled to to aftual'fer- ^mc Pay as o®^1^ and private men in his Majesty's vice, and re- other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or receive pay as ceivers-general of the land-tax for the county, riding, or place, the King’s i0 which fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company of all pay°and* militia (hall belong, whether to the adjutants, fctjeants, private allowances militia men, or others ; and all money allowed as aforefaid for from the re- the contingent expences of fuch regiment, battalion, or indeceiver*, gene- pendent company of militia; and alfo the allowance to the ruts to ceafc. cjcrfc of fuch regiment or battalion, (hall, during fuch time of

4	aftual

177a] Anno undeeimo Georgii 1IL c. 32.	143

actual fervice, and until fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company /hall be difembodied, and return home, ccafe, and not be paid.

XIIL And be it enadted, That the faid receiver or receivers of Reeeivm-ge-the land-tax /hall pay to the derk of the general meetings his al- n5ra,I1t0 Pax lowancc, at the rate of five pounds and five /hillings for each Jo^kTofthe meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for that pur- general meet-pofe from his Majesty’s lieutenant, or from three deputy-lieute- mg*, and to nanrs aflembled at fome general meeting or meetings; and (hall the clerk* of alfo pay to each and every of the clerks of the fubdivifion meet-ings their feveral allowances, at the rate of one pound and one u^^prodiK-(hilling for each meeting, upon his or their produring an order ing order* or orders from one or more deputy-lieutenant or deputy-lieute- from the lieu-nants, aflembled in the feveral fubdivifion meetings; which l^anj.e®r dc" faid order or orders /hall be to the faid receiver or receivers-ge-	.ieu C"

neral of the land-tax, a fufficient difeharge for the payment of which orders fuch allowances, and be allowed in hrs or their account. to be a difeharge to receivers-general.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That the clerk of Regimental

each regiment or battalion of militia /hall give fecurity to the and battahou receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax of the county, ^risty°f^vo riding, or place, to which fuch regiment or battalion (hall be- paying and long, by a bond to his Majesty in the penalty of one half of accounting foe the fum required for the whole year’s charge of the regiment orthe f110™** battalion 0? militia to which fuch clerk (hall belong, for duly	by

anfwcring and paying fuch fums as he /hall, from time to time, thc bondf have received, and for duly accounting for the feme, and for be lodged performance of the truft hereby in him repofed ; which faid with the rebond /hall be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers- ^jvcr8 ?ene“ general of the land-tax for the refpedtive county, riding, or place,

who, in cafe the faid regimental or battalion clerk (hall not duly on non-per-perfortn the conditions comprifed in the find bond, (hall, and is tormauce of hereby required forthwith to put the faid bond in fuit in the l!ic cond*-name of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors; the full cofts * and charges of which fuit, in cafe judgement (hall be given a- fntided'therL gain ft fuch regimental or battalion clerk, (hall be paid by him upon to full to the faid receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax, who coft* and /ball likewife be intitlcd to, and receive to his or their own ufe, ch*qg«*» at the rate of five pounds per centum, out of all fuch monies as ^ 5 p* (ha!! be by him or them recovered thereon ; and (hall account ® rrc*j^_ for the refidue thereof with the proper auditor of his Majesty’s vered; revenue; the faid receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax the refidue to charging himfelf or thetnfelves therewith, upon the next ac- be accounted count ot the land-tax to be by him or them pafled.	f°r the

XV.	And be it enabled. That the derk of every regiment or *£rlt0T\ battalion of militia, and the captain of every independent com- an?ba«a-pany of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the )ion clerk* part of Great Britain aforefaid, /hall, between the twenty-fifth and captains day of March and the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufend of indepen-feven hundred and feventy-one, deliver to the receiver or rc-ccivcrs-gencral of the land-tax for the county, riding, or place, deliver in ac-

to count* ot their

144	Anno	undecimo Georgii III. c. 32.	[1770.

eccipt* and to which fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company dUburfe- (hall belong, a fair account, in writing, of all monies by him mcnti| received and disburfed for the fervice of the preceding year, in and pay over • purfuance of this adi, with proper vouchers for the lame; and » the baUhce to (hall pay back to the faid receiver or receivers-general of the the receivers- land-tax, any furplus of fuch monies that (hall then be in bis g€nera * hands; which (aid accounts, figned by fuch regimental or bat-tnwfmit the ta^on clerk, or by fuch captain of an independent company re-accounts into fpe&ively, (hall be tranfmitted by the faid receiver or receivers-the auditor's general of the land-tax into the office of the proper auditor of office.	his Majesty’s revenue.

XVI.	And whereas, by an aft made in the loft feffion of tbis pre-fent parliament, intituled. An ad for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of * March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, it is enadted, (amongft other things) that in every county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia was or (hould be raifed, the receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax for fuch county, riding, or place refpedively, (hall iffue and pay the whole Turns required, in the manner and for the feveral ufes therein mentioned; and that the receipts of the clerk or clerks of the regiments or battalions of militia belonging to fuch county, riding, or place, and of fuch captain of an independent company, or captains of independent companies, or of fuch perfon or perions as fuch captain or captains fhall authorife to receive fuch money as aforefaid, (hall be a fufficient difeharge to fuch receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax for the feveral Turns of money fo by him or them paid; and alfo that the accounts of all monies received and paid by the captain of each company being made up, figned, and the balance paid in . the form and manner therein particularly diredted, (hall be allowed as fufficient vouchers in the patting of the accounts of fuch receiver-general, at the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer.

No account of	XVII. And whereas doubts have arifen whether the paffing of the

any receiver, Mounts offucb receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax ought net See. of the to be flayed in and by the tmrfe of his Majesty's court of exchequer, land-tax, for jn €afes where the receipts produced for the monies iffued and paid by S°bc flopped *bem to fuch clerks of the feveral regiments or battalions, and to the In the court captains of the independent companies rejpeftively>, for and on account of Exchequer^ of the pay of the refpeftive officers of fuch regiments, battalions, or but the re- companies, do not correfpond with the return in and by the faid recited efthe clerks rtttdred to be made and tranfmitted to the proper auditors of his of the feveral Majefty's faid court of exchequer, of the feveral officers, non ccm-regimenr* for mijjtone4 officers, and pi ivate men, who were aftually inroiled and did officers fgrve in every fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company, in as fuffident *** manner and form as is required to be made to one of bis Majefty's vouchers.	principal fecretaries of flate\ be it therefore enadted and declared

by the authority aforefaid, That no accounts of fuch receiver or receivers-general of land-tax (hall or may be (topped or delayed in the faid court of exchequer for fuch caufe as aforefaid, but ihat

the

H5

177°*3 Anno undecimo Georgii III, c.32.

the (aid receipts of fuch clerks of the fevers! regiments or batta-lions of militia, and of fuch captains of the independent com* panies, or perfons authorifed by them, as aforefaid, for or on account of the pay of fuch officers refpedtively, i(fried and paid by fuch receivers as aforefaid, are and (hall be allowed as fuf-ficient vouchers in the palling of the accounts of fuch receiyer-general, at the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and the fame (hall be palled accordingly, without delay.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That all penal* Recovery of ties, all cods and charges of fuit, and all Turns of money for penalties, &c. which any perfon or perfons i6 or are by this adt made anlwer-

able, may and (hall be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at lVeJlminfier% by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin, wager at law, or protection, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That no fee or

gratuity whatfoever (hall be given or paid for or upon account Wan*antorforn of any warrant or fum of money which (hall be iffued in relation ofmoneyiflucd to, or in purfuance of this adh	in punuance

XX.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That any perfon of Jhi# a^# being on half-pay, or being intitled to any allowance, as having hajf%”y°fcrr« ferved in any or either of the two troops of horfe guards, or re-

giment of horfe reduced, and ferving in the militia, (hall and militia may may, and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the fub- receive the fiftencc-money by this adt diredted to be paid to captains, lieu- ^one ^a^Me tenants, or enfigns; and the receiving and taking fuchWubfift- ^lieutenants cnce-money by any fuch captain, lieutenant, or enfign, (hall or enfigns, not be deemed a receiving or taking pay, fo as in any manner to prevent fuch perfon on half-pay, or being intitled to any fuch allowance,from receiving his half-pay, or fuch allowance; and luch perfon (hall take the following oath before fome juftice SeWtoinnf of the peace, who is hereby impowered to adminifter the fame•, 0ath before9

a juftice.

I A B do jwear, That I bad net, between the	any	plate.

or employment of profit, civil or military^ under his Majejlyt be- ™	“•

fides my allowance of half pay as a reduced	in

late regiment of	(or	allowance	as	in

late troop of horfe guards, or regiment of horfe reduced) fave and except my fubfifience as a lieutenant or enfign (as the cafe may be,) for ferving in the militia of the county of

and the taking the faid oath (hall be fufficient to intitle fuch perfon to receive his half pay, or {he faid allowance, without taking any other oath ; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Receirer.gr* That the receiver-general of the land-tax, fo foon as he (hall neral, upon receive a warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding recc,vinS a officer of their refpedtive regiments or battalions, certifying the Jh^ommand-receipt of the cloathing, and .an order from the faid colonel or ing officer. Vol. XXIX.	K	com-



Anno undecimo Georgji III.

*5 March,

I77».

c.32.	[1770.

certifying the commanding officer for the money due on account of the fame, receipt or the payable to the perfon or perfons who famiftied the faid cloath-cloathing, and ing, (hall pay' the fum mentioned in fuch order'to the perfon payment Uto,nt,t*e<*t0 rccciv© the fame5 and fuch warrant and order, to-pay the fame gather with the receipt of the perfon receiving the faid money, accordingly, (hall be a fufficient difeharge to fuch receiver-general.

If any red- XXII. And be it further enaSed by the authority aforefenf, ment, &c. That in cafe any regiment, battalion, or independent company, (hall ceafe, % s. (hall ceafe and determine, during the continuance of this ad, p** ***** “ to the fum of three (hillings per diem (hall be paid to fuch perfon rfuuntfiw as ^as a^ually fcrved as adjutant to fuch regiment, battalion, or fuch time to independent company, from the time fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company, (hall ceafe, to the twenty-fifth day of Martby one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two.

XXIII. And whereas by an aft made in the ninth year ef bis pre-fent Majejlyy intituled, An adl for explaining, amending, and continuing, an ad made in the fecond year of his prefent Ma-jefty, intituled. An aft to explain, amende and reduce into one aft of parliament, the feveral laws now in beings relating to the redfing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England ; it is, amongjl other things, enaftedy That bis Majefys lieutenant, or the deputy-lieutenantsjor every county or place within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia has before * De- ^een or	ratfedy /ball yearly, and every year, on or before the

cember*certify twenty-fifth day of December, certify to the clerk of the peace of e-to the clerk* very county or place rejpeftivelyf that the militia of fuch county or place hath been raifedy and wheny and at what time, the fame was firfl raifedy the nameSy number, and rank of officers% and the number of private men of the militia in the year when fuch certificate is madey and the refpefttve times of fuch militia being trained and exer-cifed in the year in which fuch certificate is made; which certificate /holly by the clerk of the peace who /hall receive the famcy be delwtrtl to the jufticei, to the jufiices of the peace at their general quarter fe/fionSy to be held £cnc‘ next after the twenty-fifth day ^December in everyyear, on the day ra ^quarter-	^ whi(b fuch feffions Jball be openedy andJhallfile the fame amongft the

records of fuch fejfionsyfo that the true ftate of the militia in each county may appear: and it is further enaded, That in all counties and places where the militia (hall not be raifed the fum of five pounds, (hall be annually paid for and in lieu of every private militiaman, direded to be raifed within the fame; and that in every raifed, to pay county and place where no fuch certificate (hall be made by his 51. for each Majefly’s lieutenant, or the deputy-lieutenants, in manner hcre-Lieutenant!* *n ^fore deeded, and the fame (hall be certified by the clerk of &c. making the peace, the juftices of the peace of every fuch county and default in cer- place (hall, and they are hereby required, at their faid general tificates for quarter-feffions of the peace, to be held next after the twenty-fuftice* to^af- fifth day of December in every year, to rate and aflefs the fum of left fuch couq* fiyc pounds per man upon luch county and place, in fuch and ty in i\.p*r the fame manner, and according to fuch and the fame propor-«n-n 1	tions, upon every town, parifh, and place, within each refpeclive

M county and place i and to be levied, colle&ed, received, and paid,

*	and

HisMaJefty’s lieutenant, or deputies, Shall, yearly.

of peace that

fuch militia hath been railed.

Certificate to be delivered

iefliont, and filed a-mong the records. Counties, where militia Shall not be

4

*770J Anno undedmo Georqii III* C.3I.	147

and to be accounted for in fuch manner, and by fuch meant, county rates with fuch powers of diftrefs and other remedies for enforcing the ftjJ * colle&ion and payment thereof, and for punifhing all pcrfontb * whofe duty it (hall be to colleft or account for the fame, and (hall make default therein, as the county rates have been ufually, or may by an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled. An act for the eafy ajfeffing, collecting, and levying of county rates, or by any other aft or ads of parliament, be aueiied, collefted, received, levied, paid, and accounted for, with* in the (aid county*

XXIV. And whereas, in purfuance ef the feveral ads of parliament for raifing the militia of Great Britain, the governor of the ifle of Wight did duly appoint deputy-lieutenants, for putting the fame into execution within the fame ifiand: and whereas in the yeat one thoufand feven hundred and feventy', a majority of officers were alfo appointed, and many other ftps were taken for raifing the militia of the find ifland: and whereas in January lafi the militia-men of the find ifland were fworn in and inrolled, notwithstanding which the faid militia was not fo complete as to enable the governor of the [aid ifland to certify to the clerk of the peace, at the general quarter -fef-fions of the peace for the county of Southampton, held next after the twenty-fifth day of December, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, jo that fitch certificate might be filed amongfi thi records of fuch fifpons, as by the faid aft of his prefent Majefty is direQtd and required: and whereas by fuch certificate not being filed in due time, the landholders of the faid ifland may be liable to pay five pounds per man for every private miutia-man directed to be raifei within the faid ifland: and whereas the militia of the faid ifland is now complete as prefiribed by the faid ails, and is now ready to be called out, trained, and exerclfid; be it enafted by the authority a- Landholders forefaid, That the landholders of the faid ifland (hall be, and they of the Ifle of are hereby indemnified from the faid payment of five pounds per man, which may have been incurred by the militia of the faid pLmem of ifland not having been fo completely railed, trained, and exer- 51. per mam cifed, as to have enabled the governor of the fame to have fent the certificate above required, to be filed in due time at the general quarter-fellions of the peace for the county of Southampton, held next after the twenty-firth day of December, in the year one thouland feven hundred and feventy; and nothing in the faid aft of the ninth of his prefent Majefty, or in any other aft made for raifing and training the militia in that part or Great Britain call-* ed England, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to fubjeft the faid landholders of thf faid ifland to the payment of the faid five pounds per man, which may have been incurred by the certificate as above required not being in due time filed at the general quarter-feffions.

XXV. And whereas it is proper that officers Jhould be appointed to ^	-

fuch companies of the militia of any county, riding, or place, a: ^ becoming va-raifed in thofe difirifts near which fuch officers do re fie lively refide, cant, lieute-be It hereby enafled. That when the command of companies,nant to make or other commiffions, do become vacant by refignation, or

* o	therwife as he fll411

^ 2	tnerwue, proper.

148	Anno	ilndccimo	GCorgii III* 0*33,-34;	[1770.

therwifc, the Heutenant of fuch county, riding, or place, (hall make fuch a diftribution of officers to the refpeftive companies as he (hall judge mod fit and proper as aforefaid.

Militiamen XXVI. And whereas doubts have been conceived whether oftj inroiled in militia-man who hath been inroiled in a different hundred, rapt, m-different hun- pen take 9 divifion, or place, of the fame county from that in which dreds. See. be is bound to ferve for bimfelf, or as a fubftttute, could be compelled which they4 t0 fervi as,f.	within the provifions of the afts now in force for roif-

were bound to the militia of this kingdom; be it hereby declared and enatt-ferve, confi- ed. That fuch inrolment is a legal and valid inrolment; and dered as legal that every man who hath taken the oath required, and fub-inrolraents. fcrJbcd the county (roll in the prefence of one deputy-lieutenant 'of the fame county, and the clerk of the general meetings, or his deputy, (hall be deemed a militia-man to all intents and purposes whatfoever, as if three or more deputy-lieutenants bad been adually prefent at fuch inrolment.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the (beets, fquares, Janes, and other paftages within the pari/h of Saint John, Cierkenweli, in the county of MiddJefex, and for removing ob-itruftions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aR for enabling certain perfons to inclofe and embank part of the river Thames, adjoining to Durham Yard, Salifbury Street, Cecil Street, and Beaufort Buildings, in the county of Middlelex.

Preamble. XX7HEREAS the cowrfe of the river Thames form a large V V bend or angle round the Surrey Jhore, between Weftminfttr Bridge and the New Bridge at Black Friars, in the middle of which bend the faii river is much wider than at either of the /aid bridges, which tends to weaken the rapidity of the Jiream, and thereby contributes to an accumulation of mud ana filth on the Weftroinfter fide, and to a very extenftye fand bank, on the other fide; and whereat the navigation of the faid river is greatly impeded by the fold fand bank, 'efpecially at low water, and the mud and filth fo collected on she north /bore renders the accefs to the wharfs and grounds on that fide very difficult, and in fome parts of the tide impofftble, to the manifefi injury of the publick, as well as private detriment to the proprietors of the faid wharfs and grounds: and whereas the faid navigation might be greatly improved, and the faid nuifances and inconveniences confi-ierably diminijbed by an embankment on the north part of the faii river, within the bay or hollow of the faid bend, which, by advancing the unequal and irregular fronts of the faid wharfs and grounds into an uniform line, would give a proper direction to the Jiream, and, by narrowing the unneceffary width of the bed of the faid river in this part, would confederacy deepen the channel thereof; and whereas John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, and William Adam, and James Paine, Architects, Dorothy Monk widow, Clementina Pawfon widows and William Kitchiner coal merchant, having

very

149

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii IH. C.34;

very valuable freehold and leafehold interejls in the houfes, wharfs, and grounds in Durham Yard, Saliibury Street, Cecil ftreet, and Beaufort Buildings, next adjoining to the [aid river, are willing to. execute fucb embankment in the front of their refpeftive properties at their own expence: but fucb embankment cannot be lawfully and effectually made witbtot the authority of parliament; may it therefore pleaje your MajeftjyUpon the bumble petition of the faid John Adam,

Robert Adam, James Adam, and William Adam, James Paine,

Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawfon, and William Kitchiner, that it maybe enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ailembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid John Adamy Robert Adam%

James Adam, William Adam, James Painty Dorothy Monky Clementina Pawfony and William Kitchiner, their refpeftive heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, at their own proper cods and charges, to inclofe and embank fo much of the ground and foil of the faid river, as lies pn the north fide thereof, in the front of their refpeftive houfes, wharfs, and grounds in Durham Tardy Salijbury Streety Cecil Streety and Beaufort BuildingSy afore-(aid, fo as the wall of fuch embankment next the faid river do run in a line nearly parallel with, and not exceeding the didance of eighty feet from the terras lately begun, and now nearly completed in the front, and intended to constitute a part of certain buildings at or near Durham Yard aforefaid, called The Adelphiy from a point in the faid river, over-againd the fouth ead corner of the (aid terras, to another point in the fame river, over-a-f gaind the fouth wed corner of the fame terras; and from thence with a convex-circular fweep, from the faid lad-mentioned point, to the fouth ead corner of the terras belonging to York BuildingSy and fo as the faid wall next the faid river do run in a drait line, from the faid fird-mentioncd point, to a point in the (aid river over-againd and in a line with, and not exceeding the didance of fixty feet from the ead boundary of the groupd and buildings of the faid William Kitchiner; and from the faid lad-mentioned point, with a convex circular fweep, to the fouth-weft comer of the projecting wall of the buildings commonly called The Savoy j the foundations of the faid front wall to be made with fuch fet-off towards the faid river, and the faid wall to be guarded with fuch piles, and other defences, as (fall be thought requifite or expedient for iecuring the liability and duration thereof.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Ground of the the ground and foil of the faid river fo to be inclofed and em-	r°t0

banked in the front of fuch refpeftive houfe, wharf, or piecet^frontof11 of ground, (hall veil, and the fame is hereby veiled in the owner each houfe, or owners, proprietor or proprietors of iuch adjoining houfe, to be veiled in wharf, or ground refpeftively, according co his, her, or their re- owner, fpeftive eftates, trufts, or interefts therein.	•

ill. Provided always, That no (hed or (heds, building or No ftedi. &c.

KJ	build-t0 ** crcftcd

Anno undccimo Georgii III. c.$\.	[1770.

ftn the ground buildings, of any kind whatfoever, higher than twenty feet a-to he cm*	bove the level of high water mark (except as herein after is men-

banked.	tioned) (hall at any time or times hereafter be credted or built

upon any part of the faid ground and foil, fo to be inclofed and imbanked 5 nor (hall the fame contain any firc-phce, chimney, or funnel, for the conveyance of ftnoke, which (hall vent irfclf above the top of any fuch (hed or building; nor (hall any coals, timber, planks, or other goods, wares, or merchandifes, be piled up upon any part of the faid ground and foil higher than thirty feet above the level of high water mark, upon pain that every (hed or building, fire-place, chimney, or funnel, which (hall be ere&ed or built, and all coals, timber, planks, goods, wares, and merchandifes, which (hall be piled up upon any part of jhe faid premifes, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, (hall be deemed, conitrucd, and taken to be a publics nuifance, and may be proceeded againft and redrefled as a pub-lick nuifance; and all and every perfon and perfons guilty there* of, (hall and may be profecutea or indi&ed accordingly; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

Terras at IV. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enabled by the Durham Yard, authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid

cx‘i owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of fuch refpective tended to the .	*	5	 a_______L t.•

Savoy.

houfes, wharfs, and grounds, to build or erc& upon the faid ground, (b to be inclofed and embanked as aforefaid, fuch build- i ings as (hall be neceffary for completing the faid terras and buildings called The Adelpbi, according to the prefent plan or defign thereof; and alfo fuch buildings as (hall be nocetttry for continuing fuch terras eaftward from The Adelphi, to the fouth-weft corner of the buildings commonly called The Savoy, my thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding. Riahn of the V. And whereas the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city citizens of *f London, claim a right to the foil of the river Thames, Jo proptfd London, to be to be inclofed and embanked as aforefaid, and on that account mfift, that tried at Law. fa foj John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pkwfon, and William Kitchiner, ought to make Jatisfaftion to them the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens of London, for the liberty tf embanking as aforefaid: and whereas it is juft and and nafonablt, that the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens of London, fbauld be at liberty to try the faid right at law; be it therefore enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, to proceed to a trial of the faid claim before the chief juftice, or any other of the judges of his Ma-jefty’s court of King's Bench, or court of Common Pleas, at the fittings of Nift Prius, in the faid county of Middlefex, in or after Michaelmas term now next enfuing, in a feigned a&ion for that purpofe, to be commenced in his Majesty’s faid court of Jf/ag’j Bench, or court of Common Pleas, on or before the firft day of Trinity term now next enfuing, wherein the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, ihafl b? plaintiffs, and the feidf

1770.3 Anno undecimo Geotoii III. c.34. *	131

Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Pairie;

Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawfon, and William Kittbiner> defendants, upon one or more iflue or iffues* to be fettled by the court in which the faid action (hall be commenced* if the parties (hall differ in the fettling thereof; which iflue or iflbes to be tried by a fpedal jury of freeholders of the faid county of Mid* dleftXy whole verdict thereupon* if the fame (hall be fatisfa&ory to the court where the caufe is tried* (hall be final and conclu<*> five to all the faid parties ; and in cafe a verdkft (hall be found for the faid mayor and commonalty* and citizens, as to the faid right* the faid jury (hall* upon their oaths enquire* as well what damages have been* or will be foftained by* and what recoot-pence and (atisfadion ought to be made to the faid mayor and commonalty* and citizens of London for to much of the foil of the faid river Thames as (hall be taken away for the purpofe of imbanking as aforefaid, as well as the refpe&ive parts and proportions of fuch damages and (atisfa&ion which ought to be paid by the faid John Mam, Robert Adam9 James Adam, William Mam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawfon, and Wilburn Kiuhintr* according to their feveral and refpetiivc interefte in the foil of the faid river fo to be imbanked* and to indorfe the fame upon the Pofteas and for the better afoertaining fuch damages, and the Cud proportions thereof as aforefaid* the court in which the faid adion (hail be commenced* (hail* upon the application of either of the parties* caufe the faid jury to view the places in queftion ; to which faid jury* as well the faid mayor and commonalty* and citizens; as the faid John Adam9 Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Painty Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawfm9 and William Kitchiner9 or any of them* and all others interefted* (hall have their lawful challenges; and the faid court where the faid a&ion (hall be tried* (hall* upon the verdk5t of the faid jury* in fuch feigned a&ion, give judgement thereon according to law; which judgement (hall be rev-corded by the faid court* and (hall finally bind and be conclufive to the laid mayor and commonalty* and citizens of London* and a]lo to the faid John Adam% Robert Adam, James Adam* William Adamy James Painty Dorothy Monky Clementina Pawfon, and William Kiuhintr and all others interefted in the faid imbanlc-raenr.

VI. And whereas the dean and chapter of the tolkgiate church of Right of the Saint Peter in Weftmmfter, do al}o claim a right to the foil of the dean and m	river Thames, mtbmtbe liberty of the/rid cityef Weftmia-

iter, and on that account wfift, that the faid John Adam* Robert mzy ^ tric4l-Adam, James Adam, William Adam* James Paine* Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawforl* and William KifChiner, ought to make fatisfa&ion to the faid dean and chapter for the liberty of ini-bonking as aforefaid: and whereas it is juft and reafenable that the faid dean and chapter Jbould be at liberty to try the faid right at law ; be it therefore enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid dean and chapter to proceed to a trial of the faid right before the chief juftice, or any other of the judges of his

k 4	Ma-

15*	Anno undecimo Georgii lit. C. 34/ £ 1770*

Majefty’s court of jEmg’* Bench ^ or court of Common Pleas, at the fittings of ATj/f Pr/itf, in the faid county of Middlefexy in or after Michaelmas term now next eh filing, in a feigned adtion for that purpofe, to be commenced in his Majesty's faid court of King's Bench, or court of Common Pleas9 on or before the firft day of Trinity term now next enfuing, wherein the faid dean and chapter (hall be plaintiffs, and the faid John Adam, Robert Adamy James Adamy William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk% Clementina Pawfony and William Kitcbinery defendants, upon one or more iffue or iffues, to be fettled by the court in which the faid adtion (hall be commenced; if the parties (hall differ in the fettling thereof, fuch iffue or iffues to be tried by a fpecial jury of freeholders of the faid county of Middlefexy whole verdidt thereupon, if the fame (hall be fatisfadtory to the court where the caufe is tried, (hall be final and conclufive to all the laid parties : and in cafe a verdidt (hall be found for the (aid dean and chapter as to the faid right, the faid jury (hall, upon their oaths, enquire, as well what damages have been or will be fuf-taincd by, and what recompence and fatisfadtion ought to be made to the faid dean and chapter for fo much of the foil of the faid river Thames as (hall be taken away for the purpofe of im-fcanking as aforefaid, as well as the refpe&ive parts and proportions of fuch damages and fatisfadtion which ought to be paid by the faid John Adamy Robert Adam, James Adamy William Adamy James Paine% Dorothy Monky Clementina Pawfony and William Kitcbinery according to their feveral and refpedtive interefts in the foil of the faid river fo to be imbanked, and to indorfe the fame upon the Poflea: and for the better afcertaining fuch damages, and the laid proportions thereof as aforefaid, the court in which the faid adtion (hall be commenced (hall, upon the application of either of the parties, caufe the faid jury to view the places in queftion ; to which faid jury, as well the (aid dean and chapter as the faid John Adamy Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monky Clementina Pawfony and William Kitchinery or any of them, and all others interefted, (hall have their lawful challenges: and the faid court where the faid adtion (hall be tried (hall, upon the verdidt of the faid jury in fuch feigned adtion, give judgement thereon according to Jaw ; which judgement (nail be recorded by the faid court, and (hall finally bind and be conclufive to the faid dean and chapter, and alfo to the faid John Aiamy Robert Adamy James Adamy William Adam, James Patney Dorothy Monky Clementina Pawfony and William Kitchiniry and all others interefted in the faid im-bankment.

Fublick a ft.	VII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That this adt (hall be allowed in all courts whatfoever as a pub-lick ad; and all judges, juftices, or other perfons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame*

SAP*

1770.] Anno tmdedmo Georgii III. 0.35,	153

CAP. XXXV.

An aB for reducing into one aft of parliament the feveral laws relating to the keeping and carriage of gunpowder, and for more effectually preventing mfchiefs by keeping or carrying gunpowder in too great quantities.

WHEREAS the feveral affs which regulate the keeping and Preamble.

carriage of gunpowder within England are defective* and reqstire amendment, and the reducing them into one law would facilitate their execution: and whereas there is, at prefent, no provifson for regulating of the keeping and carriage of gunpowder in Scotland: be it therefore enafted by the King's moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no perfon or perfons (hall have or keep, at any one time, being a dealer or dealers in gun* powder, more than two hundred pounds of gunpowder, and not being fuch, more than fifty pounds of gunpowder, in any houfe, mill, magazine, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, yard, wharf, or other building or place, occupied by the fame perfon or per-ions, (all buildings and places adjoining to each other, and ocr cupied together, being to be deemed one houfe or place within this aft) or on any river or other water, except in carriages loading or unloading, or pafling on the land, or in (hips, boats, or vefiels loading or unloading, or pafling on any river or other water, or detained there by the tide or bad weather, within the following limits ; that is to fay, within the cities of London or JVeJlminfler, or within three miles of either of them ; or within any city, borough, or market town of Great Britain, or within one mile of the fame; or within two miles of any palace or houfe of reGdence of his prefent Majefly, his heirs or fucceflors, or of her prefent majefly the Queen, or any Queen * confort or dowager; or within one mile of arty gunpowder magazine belonging to his Majefly, his heirs or (ucceflors; or wit bin half a mile of any pari(h church; or in any other part of Great Britain, (except in places where it (hall be lawful to keep unlimited quantities of gunpowder by force of the provi-fions herein-after contained) on pain of forfeiting all the gunpowder in fpecie beyond the quantity hereby allowed to be kept, and the barrels in which fuch gunpowder (nail be, and alfo one (hilling for every pound of gunpowder beyond fuch allowed quantity.

II. Ar\d, in order to provide for the fafe carriage of gunpowder. No perfon be it further enafted. That no perfon or perfons (hall have or convey, at any one time, within Great Britain, more than two 10001. wt. of thousand pounds of gunpowder in any waggon, cart, or other gunpowder carriage, by land, or more than five thoufahd pounds of gun- by had, or powder in any barge, boat, or other veflel, by water (except in bvater^c. veflels with gunpowder on board, imported from or to be ex- * w * port'd to any pl?ce beyond lea) * and all gunpowder conveyed

m

Juft ices may grant warrants to fearch for gunpowder in ftore-houfes, &c. where fuch is fufpefted to be kept contrary to the aft.

Anna undedaao Georgn UL c. 3$.	[1770.

on land or water (except in fuch vefiels for imponation or exportation of gunpowder, as aforefaid) (hall be in barrels dofe joined and hooped, without any iron about theA, and fo fecur-ed that no part of the gunpowder be feattered in the pafiage, and each barrel (hall contain no more than one hundred pounds of gunpowder ; and, when conveyed by land, (hall be entirely inclofed in a leather bag, or a bag commonly called a fait petre bag\ and every carriage or vefiel (except fuch vefiels as afore- 1 find), in which gunpowder (hall be conveyed by land or water, (hall have a compleat covering of wood, painted-cloth, ur-fftutin, or wadmill-tilts, over sdl that part of the carnage or vefiel in which the gunpowder barrels (hall be placed, and all j gunpowder which (hall be carried or conveyed (except in fuch vefiels for importation or exportation of gunpowder as aforefatd) within any part of Gnat Britain, in greater quantity or in other maimer than is herein before prefcribed; and the barrels iu which fuch gunpowder (hall be, may be fcixcd by any perfan or peirfons, who (hall have the fame authority to remove fuch gunpowder and barrels, and to ole for that purpofe, (daring the (pace of twenty-four hours after ferzure) the carriage or vefiel in which fuch gunpowder (hall be feixed, and the tackling, beads, and accoutrements belonging thereto, on the terms of paying a rccompence for the ufe thereof, and to detain fuch gunpowder and barrels as is herein after given to perfons fetching under a warrant of a juftice of the peace \ and fiich (Seizure (hall be, for his, her, or their own ufe, on convi&ion of the offender or offenders.

III.	And) far tht mm eafy difewery of the keeping and carriage of gunpowder, contrary to the ptovifwts herein before made ; be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful for any juftice of the peace of the county or other divifion within Great Britain, in which gunpowder is fufpelfed to be kept or carried, contrary to this a&, on demand made, and a reafonable caufe affigned, upon oath by any perfan or perfons, to iflue a warrant or warrants under his hand and feal, for Searching in the day-thne a-nyhoufes, ftorehoufes, warefooufes, (hops, cellars, yards, wharfs, or other places, or any carriages, (hips, boats, or other vefiels, in which fuch gunpowder is (ufpeded to be kept or carried, contrary to this ad; and that all gunpowder found upon fuch fearcb, to be kept or carried contrary to this a61, and alfo the gunpowder barrels, (hall be immediately feifced by the fearcber or fearch-ers, who (hall, with alt convenient (peed, after the (Seizure, remove fuch gunpowder, and the barrels in which it (hall be, to fuch proper places as they, in conformity to the reftri&ions of this ad, (hall think mod convenient; and in the cafe of any fuch gunpowder feized in any carriage or vefiel’, may ufe for the purpofe of removal, during the fpace of twenty-four hours after feizure, fiich carriage or vefiel, with the tackling, beads, and accoutrements belonging thereto, paying afterwards to the owner or owners thereof, a fufficient rccompence for the ufe thereof, to be fettled by the justices before whom the complaint

(hall

1770.] Anno undeclmo Georgii III. c. 35.	155

(hall be heard, after the felzure; and in cafe of nonpayment,-immediately after fettiement by fuch juftices, to be recoverable by diftrefs and falc of the patties, goods, and chattels, aa it herein after directed, concerning the pecuniary penalties of this aft, and may detain fitch gunpowder, and the barrels in which it (hall be, till it (hall be adjudged whether the fame (hall he for-	r

felted, and (hall not be liable to any fuit for fuch detainer, or for anylofc of, or damage which may happen, to the (aid gunpowder or barrels, other than by the wilful acts or neglccft of them, or the perfons with whom they (hall intruft the keeping thereof.

IV.	And whereas it may he necejfory to hove feme places appointedy juft ices to

in which it may be lawful to ereQ or malt atw mills for making, and caufe notice of' magazines of floretau/es for keeping x unlimited quantities cf gunpow- cre<^mS iir: be it therefore further eaa&ed, That it (ha)l be lawful for fcad?C* *° the juftices of the peace for each county, or other divifion within Great Britain, at their general quarter- feffions of the peace, upon application made to them by aoy pei (bn or perfons (fuch perfon or perions having given notice in writing of the intention! to make fuch application, fourteen days before making it, to an overfeer or churchwarden of the pari(h or place in which it is proposed to erect or make any fuch new mill, magazine, or ftorehoufe, or of ao adjoining pari(h, if the place (hall be extra-parocbial, which overfeer or churchwarden is hereby required to caufe fuch notice to be publickly read on the Sunday next enfu-ing, in the parifh church after divine fcrvice), from time to time, to licence the eredting or making fuch mills, magazines, or ftorehoufe*, for making or keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder in fuch places, not being within London or JVit/latht*

)tr, or any other limits within Great Britain, herein before particularly deferibed, as to fuch juftices (hall appear moft proper hr that purpofe.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafled. That no pr0vifo. perfon (hall be liable to any penalty or profanation under this

aft, for keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder, without foch licence of the juftices, in any magazine or ftorchoufe already built or ufed for that purpofe, in any place not being within London and Weftminfler^ and the other limits within Great Bri-toin% herein before particularly described, until the expiration of fix calendar months after an adjudication by the juftices of the peace, for the county or other divifion, in which any fuch magazine or ftorehoufe (hall be, at their general quarter-fefiions of the peace, that the fame is dangerous (it being hereby declared they (hall not have authority to make any fuch adjudication, except on complaint made to them of any fuch magazine or ftorchoufe, by feme houfehoider of the pari(h or place in which the magazine or ftorehoufe (hall be; and, after due fam-monsof the owner or owners of the magazine or ftorehoufe complained cf, to anfwer fuch complaint and examination, on oath of the witneffes produced to fupport or invalidate fuch complaint), and alfo that no perfon (hall be liable at any time to a-ny penalty or pcofccution whatsoever, for keeping unlimited

quart-

XHTees of magazines to make void a-greements, giving three moatoa tic*.

No outward-

bound veflel to have above *5 lb, of gun* powdefon board before fbc reaches BtackwalU

war have a

greater quan* tity on returning.

Searchers for unlawful quantities of powder to be appointed.

Anno tmdedmo Georgh III. c.35.	[1770.

quantities of gunpowder without fuch licence of the juftices of the pence, in any magazine or ftoreboufe ereded by appoint* snent of the juftices of the peace under the power given to them, by any of the former ads regulating the keeping and carriage or gunpowder.

VI.	And whereas leafes, er agreements for leafe$% may have been made of magazines, ftoreboufes, or other places for keeping gunpowder, and, in confequenu of this aft, it may become unlawful to keep unlimited quantities of gunpowders in feme of fuch magazines, flare-honfesy or places; be it therefore enaded, That in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the leflee or tenant of any fuch magazine, ftorehoufe, or place for keeping gunpowder, to make void any fuch leafe or agreement, upon giving three ca* lendar months notice in writing to the leflor or owner of fuch magazine, ftoreboufe, or place, of the defire of the tenant to have fuch leafe or agreement determined; and upon paying to fuch leftor or owner, all rents and fums of money which fhall become due for the fame, to the time of determination limited jn fuch notice, and upon performing all covenants and agreements on the part of the leflee or tenant to that time.

VII.	And, for fecurity of the great number of Jbips and •oeffeh lying in the river Thames, and of the dockyards, wharfs, and build-ingSy on the fits of the Thames above Blackwall; be it further enaded, That no mafter or commanders of any (hip or other veflel, lying in the Thames, and outward bound, (hall receive or permit to be received, on board any fuch (hip or veflel, more than twenty-five pounds of gunpowder (except for the King's fervice) before arrival of fuch (hip or veflel at, over-againft, or below Blackwall 5 and that the mafter or commander of every fhip or veflel coming into the river Thames, (hall (except in the cafe of gunpowder for the King’s fervice) put on (hore in pro-per places, in conformity to the reftridions of this ad, all the gunpowder on board fuch (hip or veflel, above the quantity of twenty-five pounds, either before the arrival of fuch (hip or vef* fel at Blackwally or within twenty-four hours (if the weather (hall permit) after coming to an anchor there, or to the place of unloading there, and (hall not afterwards have onboard more than twenty-five pounds of gunpowder, (except for the King’s fervice) on pain of forfeiting, for every offence in any of the faid cafes, all the gunpowder found on board above the weight of twenty-five pounds, and the barrels in which fuch gunpowder (hall be, and alfo one (hilling for every pound of gunpowder above the quantity of twenty-five pounds.

VIII.	And, for the better iifeovery of mafiers or commanders of inward or outward bound jbips, who Jbatl have gunpowder in tbetr Jbips or yepls in the Thames, contrary to this be it further enaded, That the mafter, waiden, and afliftants of the corpo* ration of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Stroud, in the county of Kent, for the time being, (hall, from time to time, appoint one or more perfon or perfons, a fearcher or fearchers, for unlawful quantities of gunpowder in fhips or other veffels in the Tbamex;

which

*57

1770.] Anno undccimo GeorgiI III. c^.

which perfon or perfons, fo appointed, are hereby authorifed, at any time between fun-rifing and fun-fetting, to enrier any (hip or veffel (except his Majesty’s (hips) in the river Thames above Blackwatt, and to fearch the fame for unlawful quantities of gunpowder; and alfo (hall have the fame powers of feizing, removing to proper places, and detaining all fuch unlawful quantities of gunpowder found on board any fuch (hip or veflel, and the barrels in which fuch gunpowder (hall be, as are herein before given to perfons fearching for unlawful quantities of gunpowder under a warrant of a juftice of peace.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That all penalties created by Penalties re-this aft (hall be recoverable before two or more juftices of the coveraWe be-peace for the county or other divilion in which the offence (hall fwejufticesfor be committed, on proof of the offence by the oath or oaths °f whereoffences one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or on confeflion of arc commit-the offender, and (hall belong to the informer or informers pro- ted. fecuting for the fame; and where the penalty (hall be pecuniary

in cafe of nonpayment, it (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feals of fuch juftices; and the overplus of the money raifed, after deducing the penalty and the expences of the diftrefs and fale, (hall be rendered to the owner 5 and for want of fumcient diftrefs the offender (hall be fent by fuch juftices to the boufe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one monthKas fuch juftices (hall think moft proper.

X.	And be it further enaded, That no perfon (hall be liable No perfa, ff-to any profecution for any offence againft Shis ad, unlefs fuch able to profe-profccution (hall be commenced within fourteen days after fei- cution for of-sure of the gunpowder, or commifSon of the offence where fcoceV unlef* there (hall not be any feizure; and that if any fuit or adion ^Sir^dayi (hall be profecuted in England againft any perfon or perfons for after feizure. any thing done in purfuance of this ad, fuch perfon or perfons

may plead the general iflue, and give this ad or the fpecial mat- o^ueral iflaew ter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by authority of this ad; and if a verdid (hall pafs for the' defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their action or adions after iflue joined; and if, on demurrer, or other-wife judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall recover' treble cofts, and have Treble coils, the like remedy for the fame as any defendants have by law in other cafes.

XL And be it further enaded, That all adions, fuits, and Adions to be profecutions, to be commenced in England againft any perfon or tried in the perfons for any thing to be done in purfuance of this ad, (hall county where be laid and tried in the county or place where the fad was com - offences are mitted, and (hall be commenced within fix calendar months af- com®iUe • ter the fad committed, and not otherwife.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That this Not foe3rtco<| ad (hall not extend to any ftorehoufe-mill or magazine belong-10 forcing houfes. See*

258	Anno	unaecimo	ueorgii	in.	c.35, 30.	1*770.

belonging to ing to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, wherein gunpowder, bis Majefty. or Dther ftores, (hall be kept ; or to hinder the trial of gunpowder by his Majesty’s officers, as is ufual for the fervice of his Majesty, bis heirs or fucceflors; or to any mill belonging to private perfons already built, and ufed for making gunpowder; or to any ftorehoufes, magazines, or other offices, near or adjoin* ing to fuch mills; or to the magazines now erefted for keeping gunpowder at Barking Creek's Mouth, in the county of EJfext and Erith Level, in the county of Kent; or to the magazines or ftorehoufes now erefted near Liverpmle, in the county of Lot-cqfier, or the city of Brifiol; or to the carriage of gunpowder to or from the King’s magazines under an order of the King’s board of ordnance, or with forces on their march.

This aft to X1IL And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall begin to commence on have force on the firft day of Augufi^ one thoufand feven hun-Awg. i> 1771. <jred ancj fcventy*one ; and that from and immediately after the commencement thereof, an a St made in the fifth year of his late Aft 5 Geo. 1. majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An aft far preventing the mifehiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantum of gunpowder in or near the cities of London and Weftminfter, or the fuburbs thereof; and alfo an aft made in the eleventh year of his Aft 11 Geo.i. kte majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An act for making more effeftual an aft pajfod in the fifth year of t;s Majefiys reign, intituled, An act for preventing the mifehiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in Or near the cities of London and IVefiminfler%ov the fuburbs thereof; and alfo lb much of an aft made in the fifth year of his CUufc in aft kte majefty King George the Second, intituled. An act for the 5 Geo. a.	better regulation and government of pilots Ucenfed by the corporation

of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Stroud, in the county of Kent; end to prevent mifehiefs and annoyances upon the river of Thames behw London Bridge, as relates to the having and featching for gunpowder on board (hips or veflels in the Thames at or below Blackwali\ and alfo an aft made in the fifteenth year of his late Aft 15 Geo. a. majefty King George the Second, intituled, An act for preventing the mifehiefs which may happen by keeping dangerous quantities of gunpowder in of- near the cities of London and Weftminfter ; and alfo an aft made in the twenty-fecond year of his faid late ma-andafta*. jefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft to prevent the Geo. a.	mifchiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpotv

are hereby re- der in any one place, or carrying too great quantities of gunpowder pealed. together from one place to another, (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for cleaning, lighting, and watching the feveral ftreets, and other paflages, on the louth fide of the city of Edinburgh, and for removing nuifances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the fame for the future.

CAP.

17/0.] Anno undcdmo Georgii III. c.37.	15^

CAP. XXXVII.

An aQ to prohibit tbe exportation of live	, and ether

fiefhprovifions,from Great Britain, a limited time.

WHEREAS it has been ftuni expedient It permit the free im~ Preamble.

portation of live tattle, and ether provifions inti this kingdom fer a limited time, and the benefit thereby intended mill be entirely frnfiroted if the exportation ef fuchcattle and previfiens from this kingdom into foreign parts is net refrained j be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this a&, no perlon or From the pa perfons whatsoever (hall, direCtly or indire&ly, export, tranf- hVeoj' port, carry, or convey, or caufe or procure to be exported, tranfportcd, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the kingdom Britain, any of Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or caufe or procure to live ox, bull, be laden or laid on board, in any (hip or other veflel or boat, in ***** order to be exported or carried out of the faid kingdom of Great	.

Britain, an ylive ox, bull, cow, (leer, heifer, calf, hog, or fow, or any beef, mutton, pork, hog-meat, or any flelh provilion, w any cither frelh or falted, under the penalties and forfeitures herein mutton, pork, after mentioned ; (that is to lay). That all the faid cotnmodi- box-meat, or ties that (hall be fo exported, (hipped, or laid on board, or Adhprovifioo. loaded to be exported, (hipped, or carried out, contrary to this ad, (hall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders there- _ _ ,	...

in (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for each and everv ox, forfeit^l-for bull, cow, fteer, heifer, calf, hog, or fow ; and five (hillings every fuch ox, for every pound weight averdupoise of beef, mutton, pork, hog bull, cow, &c. meat, or other flelh provilion, whether frelh or falted, and fo in proportion for any greater quantity which (halt be fo exported, (hipped, or put on board to be exported ; and one moiety of all the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame: and for offences which fliall be committed in that part of Great Britain called	,fuch

penalties and forfeitures (hall be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at	IVeflminjler, or before the juftices of aflise, or at the great

felfions in Wales, or by information at any general quarter-fef-ftons of the peace for the county, city, riding, divifion, or place, where the offence (hall be committed; and in fuch fuit no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, (hall be allowed; and for offences which (hall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of fummary bill, or information, in the courts of fefiion or exchequer in Scotland: and that the matter and mariners of any fuch (hip, boat, or veflel, wherein any fuch offence (hall be committed, knowing fuch offence, and wittingly and wilfully aiding and afiifting thereunto, and being thereof duly convicted in any fuch courts as aforefaid, (hall bfc imprifoned for the fpace of three months, without bail or mainpnze.

II. And

i6o	Anno	undedmo	Georoii	III.	c.37*	[177a

Officers of the II. And be it farther enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That juft®®1 *° it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, be-ing an ®fficcr or officers of the cuftoms, or being lawfully au-not allowed to thorifed in this behalf by the lord high treafuror of Great Britain', be tmnfport- or the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, or any ®d.	three	or more of them, to take and feize all fuch of the faid

commodities, not allowed to be exported by this aA, as he or they (hall hapen to find, know, or difcover, to be laid on board -any (hip or other veffel or boat at lea, or in any port, or many navigable river or water, to the intent or purpofe to be exported, tranfported, or conveyed, out of Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true intent of this aA, and to bring the (aid goods . to the king’s warehoufe or warehoufes belonging to the cultom-houfe next to the place where fuch feizures mall be made, or to fome other fafe place (where there are no fuch warehoufes), in order to be proceeded againft according to. law; and, in cafe of recovery, to be divided in manner as aforefaid.

Kothing here- III. Provided always. That this a A, or any thing herein in contained contained, (ball not extend to prohibit the exportation of fuch or fliall extend to fo much of the faid commodities as (hall be necefiary to be car-«pomVonof*n anJ ^*P or ^Ps» or oth®r veflel or veflels, in their re-.commodities fpeAive voyages, for the fuftenance, diet, .and fiipport of the nectary to be commanders, matters, mariners, paflengers, or others, in the carried in fame (hips or veflels only, or for the viAuallingor providing any mips of war, Qf Maiefty’s (hips of war, or other (hips or veflels in his Majesty’s jervice, or for his Majesty’s forces, forts, or garrifons; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding. motto any IV. Provided alfo. That this aA, or any thing herein con-oeek, ^>rt, tained, (hall not extend to prohibit any perfon or perfons to fhip and IreUnd;11 or Put on ^oar<^ any	commodities aforefaid to be carried

* coaft wife; (that is to fay) from any port, creek, or member of 'the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other port, creek, or member of the fame refpeAively,- having fuch or the like coaft cocquet, or fufierance for that purpofe; and fuch or the like fufficient fecurity being firft given for the landing and difeharging of the fame, in Tome other port, member, or creek, of the laid kingdoms, and returning a certificate in iix months, as is required by law, in cafes where goods which are liable to pay duties on exportation are carried coaft wife from one port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwife. nor to extend V. Provided alfo, That this aA, or any thing herein contain-to commodi- ed, (hall not extend to any of the faid commodities which (hail ported to g£ ^	or (hipped to. be exported out of or from Great Bri-

brattar. Mi-" tain 10 Gibraltar or Minorca, or unto any of his Majesty’s iflands norca, or to or colonies in America, that have ufuaUy been fupplied with any America. ' of the faid comrribdities from Great Britain, for the fuftentation of the inhabitants of the faid illands, colonies, or dominions, or for the benefit of the Britijb filhery in tbofe parts only, fo as the exporter do before the (hipping or laying on board the fame, declare the iflands, colonies, or dominions, for which the faid commodities are refpeAively defigned, and do become bound

with

2

1770.] Anno undedmo Georgii III. c. 37;	x6x

with other fufficient fecurity in treble the value thereof, to the * commiflioners or chief officer or officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms belonging to the port or place where the fame (hall be (hipped or put on board, (who hath or have hereby power to take fuch fecurity in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty’s ufe) that fuch commodities (hall not be landed or fold in any parts what-foever, other than the kingdoms, dominions, iflands, or colonies, for which the fame (hall be fo declared; and that a certificate, under the hand and feal of the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, or if no fuch, of the naval officer, or fome other principal officer of the port where the fame (hall be landed, (hall, within the refpe&ives times hereinafter for that purpofe mentioned (the danger of the Teas excepted) be returned to the officers who took the faid bonds, that the faid commodities have been landed at the port or place for which the fame (hall be fo declared; and for the taking fuch fecurity, and forgiving fuch certificates (which the refpefiive officers aforefaid are hereby on demand required to give) no fee or reward (hall be demanded or received; and if any officer (hall make any falfe certificate of fuch commodities being fo landed, Officers mak-fuch officer (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and lofe his employment, and be incapable of ferving his Majesty, forfeit »ooL his heirs or fuccefiors, in any office relating to the cuftoms: and if any perfon (hall counterfeit, rafe, or falfify, any fuch cer- perfon8 fa|fi. tificate, or knowingly publifh any fuch counterfeit, rafed, or tying certifi-falfc certificate, he frail forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, cates (hall fbr-and fuch certificate (hall be void and of no effedt: which faid *cit ao° penalties for offences committed in Great Britain, (hall be recovered in the fame courts, and in the fame manner as the other penalties inflidted by this adt are recoverable$ and for offences committed in the colonies or plantations in America, or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europe,

(hall be recovered in the higfh court of admiralty, or in any chief court of civil or criminal jurifdidtion, in fuch refpedtive colonies, plantations, or dominions, and (hall be divided into equal moieties between bis Majefty and the informer; and the (aid bond or bonds, if not profecuted within three years, (hall be void.

VI.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall ex-Piwifo. tend to prohibit the united company of merchants of England trading to thtEaJl Indies from exporting any of the faid commodities to any of their forts, fadtories, or fettlements, for the fopport of the perfons redding there, fo as the like fecurity be

given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this a<ft to be given by perfons carrying any of the faid commodities to the Britijh colonies in America.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Commiflion-That the commiflioners of the cuftoms for the time being (hall, ers to gue pmd they are hereby required to give a full and true account, account to In writing, to both houfes of parliament, at the beginning 0f parliament ihe next feflion thereof, of all cattle and other provlfions that of^attle?6ic,

Vot. XXIX*	L	(hall	exported.

How certificates of landing commodities to be returned*

Provifo.

Penalties and forfeitures, how to be recovered and applied*

Provifo.

Limitation of actions*'

General iiTue.

Anno undccimo Georgii 111. c. 37.	[*770.

before that time be exported to any place whatfoever by virtue or in purfuance of any of the liberties or powers hereby given or granted for that purpofe.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all certificates of the landing and difeharging of the faid commodities to be exported, other than coaftwifc, (hall be returned within the refpeftive times following; (that is to lay,) where the bonds are taken in refpeft of any of the (aid commodities to be exported from Great Britain to any of the faid colonies or plantations in America, within eighteen calendar months after the date of fuch bonds; and where to Gibraltar or Aimer-ca, within twelve calendar months after the date of fuch bonds; and where from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, within fix calendar months after the date of fuch bonds refpeftively.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-forefaid. That no falted provifions which (hall be exported by virtue of this aft (hall be intitled to any of the bounties or drawbacks which are allowed and made payable on the exportation of fuch commodities, or any of them.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all penalties and forfeitures by this aft impofed, and for the recovery and application whereof no other provifion is herein before made, (hall be fued for and recovered, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record in JVeftminJlery or in the court of Exchequer in Scei!axd\ and that the refpeftive courts before whom the fame (hall be recovered, may, and are hereby authorifed, if they (hall think fir, to mitigate all or any of the pecuniary penalties herein before inflifted, to any fum not lefs than one-fourth part of the fura herein refpeftively mentioned ; and that one moiety of all fuch penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, (hall be to the mfc of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall fue for the fame, or give information of, or difeover the offence.

XI.	Provided always, That all fuits, profecutions, or informations, for offences committed againft this aft, (hall be commenced and made within the (pace of fix calendar months after the faft is committed, and not otherwife; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any aftion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any per-fon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, fuch aftion or fuit (hall be commenced within the fpace of four calendar months next after the offence (hall be committed; and if fuch aftion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted in that part of Great Britain, called England, the defendant or defendants, in any fuch aftion or fuit, may plead the general ifliie, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft; and if it (hall appear fo to have been

done,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georoii III. c. 38.	163

done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants j and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his adion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer again ft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any de- Treble cods, fendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law ; and if fuch adion or fuit be commenced or profecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom fuch affion or fuit (ball be brought (hall allow the defender to plead this ad in his defence ; and if the purfuer (hall not infift on his adion, or if judgement (hall be given againft fuch purfuer, the defendant (hall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by 4/iy fucb adion or fuit.

XIII.	And be it further ensued by the authority aforefaid. Commence* That this ad (hall continue until the twentieth day after the mcn? *nd commencement of die next feflion of parliament.	o^hu a£L*

CAP. XXXVIII.

An alt for the better fupport and cjtabtijbmnt of the Greenland and whale JiJhery.

WHEREAS the fra importation of fim, oil, and blubber Preamble.

of wbaks, and the oil-flam and other produce of foals, and ether creatures, taken or caught in the Greenland feas, and Davis’s Straights, and the bounties given by former all: of parliament for the encouragement of bis Majtfly's fubje&s to carry on and improve the Greenland and whale fisheries, have been found of great advantage to the navigation, trade, and manufactures of this kingdom, and fur* ther encouragements are ntceffary to fupport and efiaOlijh the fnd fifbe* rits; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enad-cd; and be it enaded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by From Dec. *5 and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tern- w**. perfona poral, and commons, in this prelent parliament aflcmbled, and ^]^^1rporc by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful »hale fins, to and for any perfon or peribns, far and during the fpace of fif- See. teen years, to be competed from the twenty-fifth day of Decern- caught in the hcr> one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, to import fc£c&cain whale fins, oil, or blubber of whales, teal oil, feat (kins or any BritiCh (hips 1 other produce of feais, or other fi(h or creatures, taken or caught the capta*m in the laid Greenland feas, or Davis?s Straights, or in any parts of and one third the feas adjoining or adjacent thereunto, in Britijb (hips, where- of the marl-of the captain or matter, and one third part at the leaft of the be mariners are Britijb fubjeds, without paying any cuftom, fubfi- „[thout pay-dy, or other duty for the fame, during the faid term of fifteen \ng cuftom. years; any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary thereof not- during fifteen withftanding.	years.

II.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained (hall c ta5n extend, or be conftrued to extend, to give liberty of importing make oath any of the before-mentioned commodities duty-free, unlefs the that ail fith fo captain, matter, or other commanding officer, of the (hip or vef- imported were id importing the feme, (hall firft make oath, before feme or cauBht ** tbe

l 2	one

Greenland feat. See,

former a6ts to ceafe.

Anho undecimo GeoRGII III. C.38;	['1770.

one of the commiflioners or principal officer of the cuftoms in the port or ports of importation (who is and are hereby refpec-tively authorifed and required to adminifter fuch oath,) that all the whale fins, oil, or blubber of whales, feal oil, feal (kins, or other produce of Teals, or other fi(h or creatures, imported in . fuch (hip or veflel, was really atod bona fide the fins, oil, or blubber of whales, or the (kins, oil, or other produce of Teals, or other fifh or creatures, caught and taken in the Taid Greenknl Teas, Davis*s Streigbts, or other parts of the Teas adjoining or ad-jacent thereunto, by the crews of fuch (hips and veflels only, whereof the captain or matter, and one third part, at the katt, of the mariners were Britifb fubje&s.

After Dec, 15. HI. And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid, 1771, bounties That from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thou-granted bjr fand feven hundred and feventy one, the former bounties granted by any ad or ads of parliament for the encouragement of the faid Greenland or whale filhery, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or allowed (except in fuch cafes only where efpecial provifion is made for the fame by this ad,) and in lieu and inftead thereof, the feveral refpedive bounties herein after mentioned, (hall be paid and allowable under the feveral rules BrttUh (hips to and reftridions herein after exp re fled and dire&ed; (that is to be vifited by fay) every Britijb (hip or veflel that (hall, within the tunc limit-officers of the gd {,y ibis ad, proceed from any port of Great Britain on the fore°they pro- whale fiflwy to the Greenland feas, or Davis*s Streights^ and the oeed on their adjacent leas, manned and navigated as aforefaid, (hall, before (he proceed on fuch voyage, or be intitled to the benefit of this ad, be vifited by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms belonging to fuch port, who (hall examine into fuch (hip, or vef-fel, and take an account of the tonnage thereof by admeafure-ment, and (hall certify fuch his or their vifiration, examination, and admeafurement, to the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms; and if it appear by the certificate of fuch officer or officers, that (he hath on board fuch a number of men, provifions, boats, fi(hing-]ine$, and inftruments to be ufed in fuch filhery as herein after are mentioned, that (he is ftrongly built, and otherwife a proper (hip for fuch voyage and filhery, and hath on board, among her crew, a fufficient number of harpooners, fteerfmen, and line-managers, who have before been employed in fuch voyages (the names of fuch perfons to be contained in fuch certificate,) and if it further appear by the oath of one or more owner or owners, and of the matter or chief officer of fuch (hip, written at the foot of fuch certificate, and made before the coliedor or comptroller of fuch port (who are hereby impower-ed and required to adminitter the fame,) that it is really and truly their firm purpofe and determined resolution, that fuch (hip (hall, as foon as licence (hall be granted, forthwith proceed, fo manned, furnifhed, and accoutred, in a voyage to the Gran? land feas, or Davis's Streigbts, or the feas adjacent, and there, in the then approaching feafon, to ufe the utmoft endeavours of themfelves and their (hip’s company to take whales, or other

creatures

voyage to Greenland.

*

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 38.	165

creatures living in the fea, and on no other defign or view of profit in fuch voyage, and to import the whale fins, oil and blubber thereof, into the kingdom of Great Britain, (naming the port to which it is their intention to return ;) and if the mafter, after fuch certificate had, and oath made, do alfo become bound, with two fufficient fecurities, unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the penalty of fuch fum as (hall be equal to treble the bounty intended by this aA, (which bond the laid colleAor, with the approbation of the comptroller, is hereby required to take, and is to be in force for the term of three years againft the mafier and fureties, for the faithful dealing of the laid mafier and (hip’s company, in regard to the faid (hip and voyage;) then, and in all fuch cafes, it (hall and may be lawful for any Commiflion-three or more of the commiffioners of the cufioms in Englanders °* c«f-or Scotland refpeAively, for the time being, on receiving fuch certificates and oaths made, and it being certified to them by the mafter to pro. collector and comptroller of fuch port, that fufficient fecurity ceed, fufficient hath been given as aforefaid, to give and grant, and they arc fecurities be-hereby required to give and grant, to the mafter and owners of in& £,vcn-fuch (hip, full licence and authority to proceed on fuch voyage as aforefaid.

IV.	And to prevent any difputes that may arife, whether a Jhip be Ships of too property qualified, and duly fitted out for the whale fifhery> according t°n* burthen to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and intitled to a certificate bc ffcU> thereof from the cufiom-houje officers, it is hereby enaAed, That

evefy (nip of the burthen of two hundred tons, defigned for this fiihery, (hall, and is hereby obliged to have on board forty fifh-ing lines, of one hundred and twenty fathom each, forty harpoon irons, four boats, with feven men (including a harpooner, a fteerfman, and a line-manager, to each boar, making in the whole twenty-eight men, befides the mafter and furgeon) with fix months provifions, at the leaft, for fuch number of men ; and every (hip of larger burthen an increafe of fix men, one boat, ten fuch lines, and ten harpoon irons more, for every fifty tons above the faid two hundred tons, together with provifions in proportion; and every (hip, which (hall be lo employed in the faid fifliery, (hall have on board an apprentice, indentured for the fpace of three years, at the leaft, for every fifty tons burthen, who (hall be accounted as one of the number of men required to be on board fuch (hip as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That On return of on the return of fuch (hip to the port to which the mafter and fuch

mate declared, on oath, their intention to return, the proper of- ^uftonuto ficers of the cuftoms, at fuch port, (hall immediately repair on inf^a her board, and view the condition of fuch (hip and her lading, and condition and certify the fame, together with their obfervations thereon, as alfo lading, the real tonnage of the faid (hip; and the faid officers are alfo to take an account or fchedule of the names of the mafter, mate, and other perfons on board, diftinguifhing therein the harpoon-ers and perfons more immediately employed in the faid fifhery, and to certify the fame; and the mafter and mate (hall make

l 3	oath

166

Anno undedmo Georoii III. c. 38.	[1770.

oath before the collector and comptroller (who are hereby empowered and required to adminifter the fame) on the back of, or annexed to the licence granted at aforefaid, which they are hereby then required to deliver up, that they did, in purfuance thereof, (mentioning the day of their departure) proceed in a voyage dire&ly to the places aforefaid, and have not fioce been on any other voyage, or purfued any other defign, or view of profit 1 and that they did there (mentioning the time of their ftay in thofc Teas) u(e their utmoft endeavour of tbemfelves, and their (hips company, to take whales, and other creatures living in thofe Teas 5 and that all the whale fins, oil, and blubber, imported, (if any) in fiich (hip, was really and bona fide caught and taken in the faid feas, by the crew of fuch (hip only, or with the a (finance of the crew of feme other Britijb (hip liccnfed for that voyage, purfuant to the directions of this a&; all which fchedolc, certificate, licence, and oath, (hall be tranfmitted by the collector and comptroller of fuch port, to the refpedtive commiffion-ers for that part of Gnat Britain from whence the (hip departed with her licence; and fuch commiffioncrs being fully fa-tisfied of the faithful dealings of the raafter, and other perfon* employed in fuch (hips, with refpedt to fuch voyage and fifhcry, (hall, on demand, caufe payment to be made to the mailer or owners, or to his or their aligns, by the receiver-general of the cuftoms for that part of Gnat Britain from whence the (hip departed, the bounty or premium following, according to the ad-Bounty on	meafurcment of fuch (hip duly certified as aforefaid; (that ii to

veflets 40^.	fay) for every	fuch (hip as (hall proceed on the faid filhery, from

per ton, from the twenty-fifth day of December* one thoufand (even hundred toDsc?91*/71 aiK* fcventy*ol^» to the twenty-fifth day of December, one thou-x776. * 59 fand feven hundred and feventy-fix, the fum of forty (hillings From Dec. is, pfr ton; and for every fuch (hip, as (hall proceed on the faid > 776 to Dec. * fifhery, from the twenty-fifth day of Dectmbir, one thoufand feven *5- <781,30s. hundred and	feventy-fix, to the twenty-fifth day of December^

per ton.	Qnc thoufand	(even hundred and eighty-one, the fum of thirty

From Dec. »5l (hillings per ton; and for every fuch (hip as (hall proceed on the Z * 786, ios.	the twenty-fifth day of Dumber, one thoufand

per ton/ feven hundred and eighty-one, to the twenty-fifth day of /)/-ember, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, the fum of twenty (hillings per ton.

No perfon to VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by the receive boun- authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons (hall be allowed Slip fail "from or	to	the	bounty herein before granted, for any

the"port where (hip which (hall proceed upon the (aid whale fifhery, from any infpefted. part of Great Britain, after the twenty-fifth day of Deamber >one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, unlefg fuch (hip (hall fail from the port where (he (hall be furveyed and cleared directly 6n her intended fifhery, on or before the tenth day of / fril in each and every year, and (hall continue with her crew in the Greenland feas, or Davis’s Streights* or the adjacent feas, diligently endeavouring to catch whales, or other creatures living in thofe feas, and (hall not depart from	before	the

167

i77°*] Anno undccimo Georgii III. c.38.

tenth day of Auguft then following, unlefs fuch (hip (ball be laden with the blubber and fins of one whale, caught by the crew thereof, or with the afliftance of the crew of fome other licenfed (hip, before that time j or (hall be forced, by fome unavoidable accident or nectfliry, to depart fooner from thofe Teas j which accident or neceility (hall be verified on the oaths of the matter and mate belonging to fuch (hip,-upon her* return from the faid fifhery, before the collector and comptroller of the cuttoms at the port where (he (hall arrive, who (hall tranfmit the fame, together with the fchedule, licence, and other documents by this aCt required, to the refpeCtive commiflioners of the cuttoms for that part of Great Britain from whence fuch (hip departed with her licence.

VII.	And whereas the difpatch of Jbips on the whale fijhery to the Ships cleared Greenland feas9 Davis’s Streights, andfeas adjacent, muft of necef out before the fity be within the months of March or April * and fome Britilh Jbips* P^.n*

for the fake of keeping the men that have been taught the art of the 0f 40 s. faid fijhing in employ, and to prevent their going into foreign fervid* per ton. may have been fitted out from the river of Thames, or other parts of bis Majeftfs Britifh dominions, and proceeded on the faid whale fijbe-ry to the Greenland feas* or Davis’s Streights, and feas adjacent,

Jince the commencement of this fejjion of parliament and before the commencement of this aft) and it will be but juft and reafonable that the bounties intended to be given on the return of the Jbips hereafter to be fitted out on fuch voyage 9Jbould be given alfo to the owners of fuch Jbips , already failed upon fuch voyage, and not yet returned; be it therefore provided and enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That every owner or owners of any (hip or (hips already failed on the faid voyage and filhcry refpeCtively, who have conformed themfelves, in all refpeCts, to the rules and directions preferibed by the feve-ral a£ts of parliament which were in force at the commencement of this aCt, for granting a bounty upon fuch (hips, (hall be allowed and intitled to receive the bounty of forty (hillings per ton for fuch voyage, in the fame manner as he or they would have been intitled to receive the fame, if this aCt had not been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Bounties how That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of J® b* fettled the cuttoms in England and Scotland refpeftively, to order the refpeCtive reccivers-general of the cuttoms, in cafe the monies cuft0rn*. remaining in their hands arifing from the old fubfidy, (hall not

be fufficient, at any time or times during the continuance of this adt, to fatisfy the faid bounty of forty (hillingsper ton, and thirty (hillings per ton, and twenty (hillings per ton, during the fe-veral periods herein before limited, payable on all (hips employed in the (aid fiflwy, according to the directions of this prefent aCt, to pay the fame out of any monies that (hall be in their bands, arifing from any of the duties and revenues under their management refpeCtively.

IX.	And be ir further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Commiflioners That the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuttoms for England and of the cuttoms

l 4	Scotland

168	Anno undecimo GeoR^ii III. c. 38.	[1770.

to Jay before Scotland refpedively, (hall, at the beginning of every fcflion of men^atVhe Par^ament> before both houfes of parliament an account in commence, writing under their hands of what number of (hips have been went of each employed in the whale fifhery to Davis*5 Streigbts and the Green-fcflion, wbat land feas, with their refpedive names and burthens, from whence flfl™b|iavef	werc	fitted out, and at what port in Great Britain they were

been employed difcharged, and alfo what quantity of oil, or whale fins each (hip in the whale (hall have imported.

filhery, &c. X. And whereas it bath been found by experience, that jbips under Owners of	the burthen of two hundred tons are fit for the faid fijbery ; be it

{hips under	therefore enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That

burthen* in- CVCI7 owner or owners of any (hip or (hips, under the burthen tijied to'boun- two hundred ton, which (hall be employed in the (aid filhery, ty, according who have conformed themfelves in all rcfpeds to the rules and to their ad- directions herein before prefcribed to the owners of (hips of two mcafuremcnt. hundred tons, (hall be intitled to the faid bounty, as herein before limited, according to the admeafurement of fuch (hip or (hips refpedively.

No (hip above XI. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a-400 tons bur- forefaid, That no (hip, to be employed in the faid fi(hery, al-t’tledt> in" though (he be above the burthen of four hundred tons, (hail be er bountyto a larger bounty than a (hip of four hundred tons would be intitled to.

Provifo.	XII.	Provided	alfo, That nothing in this prefent ad contain-

ed (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to oblige the owner or owners of any (hip above the burthen of four hundred tons, in order to intitle him or them to the faid bounty, to fit out, e-quip, and man, any Fuch (hip, otherwife than as a (hip of the burthen of four hundred tons only is, by this prefent ad, required to be fitted out, equipped, and manned.

Owners may XIII, And whereas applications, have heretofore been made to par-inlure the liament for the bounty on Jhips employed in the faid fifhery that have bounty they happened to be loft at fea before their return to Great Britain, and e uni c 0. a hath arifen whether the faid bounty may be lawfully infured by the owner or owners of fuch /hips; for obviating fuch doubt, and for preventing any future applications to parliament for the bounty on any fuch Jbips, be it declared and enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the owner or owners of any (hip employed, or defigned to be employed, in the faid fifhery, to infure the bounty which fuch owner or owners would be intitled to upon the return of fuch (hip to the port to which the mafier and mate of fuch (hip (hall have declared on oath their intention to return, and on the performance of all other matters direded and appointed by this prefent ad to be performed for obtaining the faid bounty.

After Dec. ? 5.	XIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

1771,	lor 15 That from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thou-SaYdout h*om ^ant* kven hundred and (cventy-one, for and during the fpaee America to°be fi^tcen years, to be computed from the faid twenty-fifth day infpe&ed by of December, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-one, $he officer* at	every

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III, c.38,	169

every (hip built or fitted out in any of his Majesty’s domi- the refpeaive nions in America, not being more than two years old from P01*** the firft building thereof, that proceeds from any port in his Majesty’s American dominions on the filhery aforefaid, manned and navigated as by the laws now in force is directed* which (hall, before (he proceeds on fuch voyage, be vifited by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms belonging to fuch port, who (hall take an account of the tonnage thereof in fuch manner as is herein before direded concerning Britijb (hips which lhould be intitled to the benefits of this a&, and (hall certify fuch his or their vifitation, examination, and admeafure-ment, to the governor or commander in chief of the place where fuch (hip (hall be fitted out, or to the naval officer or fuch port; and if it appear, by the faid certificate of fuch officer or officers, that (he had, at the time of giving fuch certificate, on board fuch a number of men, provifions, boats, fi(hirig*lines, and inftru-ments, to be ufed in fuch fi(hery as is herein before required of Britijb (hips which (hould be intitled to the benefit of this pre-fent ad, and that (he is a (hip ftrongly built, and otherwife a (hip proper for fuch voyage and fithery, and had, at the time of granting the faid certificate, on board, among her crew, fuch a number of harpooners, fteerfmen, and line-managers, who had before been employed in fuch voyages, (the names of fuch per-fonsto be contained in fuch certificate) according to the directions aforefaid concerning Britijb (hips to be employed in the faid fifhery; and if the owner or owners, and matter, or chief officer of fuch (hip, (hall, in writing, at the foot of fuch certificate, make fuch oath before the governor, commander in chief, or naval officer, (who are hereby impowered and required to adminitter fuch oath,) as is herein before required of the owner • or owners, and matter, or chief officer of fuch Britijb (hip as a-forefaid, and like wife that fuch (hip is not more than two years old from the firtt building thereof; and if the matter (hall like-wife, after fuch certificate had, and oath made, become bound with fuch furetiesin fuch penalty and'eondition as herein before is required to be given by the matter of fuch Britijb (hips as a-forefaid, which faid bond is hereby required to be taken by the governor, or commander in chief, or naval officer of fuch place, from whence the faid (hip is fo fitted out; then, and in all fuch cafes, it (hall and maybe lawful for the faid governor, or commander in chief, or naval officer, and they are hereby required to give and grant to the matter and owners of fuch (hip, full licence and authority to proceed on fuch voyage.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That on the arrival of fuch (hip at the port in Great Britain to Qn he ar_ which the faid matter and mate declared on oath they intended rival of fuch to proceed after their intended voyage to the Greenland feas, or (hip at the to Davis's Streights, or to the feas adjacent, or on their arrival port in Bri-at fome other port of Great Britain where they (hall unload, the ta*n mtcn<lc<t proper officers of the cuttoms of fuch port (hall proceed in fuch

manner*

The like bounty to be paid* accord* [to fuch

170	Anno	undecimo	Geokgii	III.	c.38.	[1770.

Cufon-boufe manner, and make fuch fchedule as is herein before drafted, officers (hell concerning Britijb (hips who were to be intitled to the benefits fuch of this ad; and fuch fchedule, certificate, licence, and oath, f<£e deeded?" be ttanfinitted to l^e reljpedive commiflioners of his Ma-jeftv’s cuftotns for that part of Great Britain in which inch (hip (hall arrive, after her faid voyage to the Greenland fcas, or Davis's Streigbts, or the feas adjoining; and fuch commifiiooers being Satisfied of the faithful dealings of the mailer, and other per ions employed in fuch (hips, with refped to fuch voyage and fifhery, (hall, on demand, caufe payment to be made to the mailer, or owners, or to his or their affigos, by the receiver-general of the cuiloms of that part of Great Britain at which the faid ihip (hall arrive as aforefaid, of the like fum per ton, according to tbe ad-measurement of fuch (hip duly certified as aforefaid, and in like ingto fuch manner, as to the owners and mailers of Briti/b (hips who are veQers ad- intitled to the faid bounties by virtue of this prefent a& irea uremen . yjVI. And be it further enabled by the authority afbrefiid, ^lTto’Sl* on" That all (hips that (hall be fitted out in Anteriea for the faid fi(h-hcr intended cry* after having conformed to all the aforefaid rules and revoyage before (trillions, (hall fail from fuch port where furveyed dircftly 00 May *• her intended fiihery on or before the firft day of May* and (hall not depart or leave Davis's Streigbts or Greenland, and feas adjacent, before the twentieth day of Auguft% unlefs fuch (hip (hall be laden with the blubber and fins of one whale, caught by the crew thereof, cr with the afliftance of the crew of (ome other licenfed (hip before that time, or (hould meet with any unavoidable accident, fo as to endanger the lives of the (hip’s crew, which accident, (hall be declared on the oaths of the mailer and mate, carpenter, harpooners, line-managers, boat-ftecrers, and furgeon, belonging to fuch (hip, upon her return from the (aid fifhery, before the collector and comptroller of the cuiloms at the port where (he (hall arrive, who (hall tranfmit the fame to the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuiloms in England or Scstlonl refpeltively; and in cafe of any irregular proceeding contrary hereunto^ every (hip fo offending (hall lofe the benefit of this bounty.

XVII.	And for tbe further encouragement of tbe whale fi/btrji » tbe gulf and river of Saint Lawrence, and on tbe caajls of his Ah-

For encouragement of the whale

fiffie inthe jeftfs colonies in America, be it further enabled by the authority gulf *of Saint aforefaid, That for and during the fpace of fifteen years, to be

gui

wrence.

computed from the faid twenty-fifth day of December, oncthou-fand feven hundred and feventy-one, it (hall and may be lawful, to and for any perfon or perions, to import in flaps belonging to his Majesty’s fubjelts, (whereof the captain or matter, and three-fourths of the mariners, are his Majesty’s fubjetfs) whale fins, taken from whales caught by any of his Majesty’s may be im- fubjelts in the gulf or river of Saint Lawrence9 or in any feas on *he coa^s anY his Majesty’s colonies in America, without navi no- mar	payjng any cuft0m, fubfidy, or duty, for the feme, other than

and except the rate or duty commonly called The Old Subfufy, granted by an a# made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of

King

Whale fins

paying more cuftom, than the fub-iady granted

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii 111. 0.38.	17*

King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for the encouragement. ^ % ^ of the Greenland and Eaftland trades^ and for the better fecuring il# 5	*

the plantation trade9 for and during the term aforefaid j any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the au- Oath to be thority aforefaid. That nothing in this ad contained (hall ex- made by the tend, or be conftrued to extend, to allow the importation of

fuch whale fins without paying anycuftom, fubfidy, or duty, o- really taken in ther than and except the faid rate or duty commonly called The the golf of Old $ubfiiy9 unlefs the captain, mailer, or other commanding of- StXawreiice* ficer ofthe (hip or veflel, or the perfon importing the fame, (hall firft make oath before one of the principal officers of the cuftoms in the port or ports of importation, (who is and are hereby authorised and required to adminifter fuch oath) that all the whale fins imported in fuch (hip or veflel were, to the belt of his knowledge and belief, really, and bona fide, the fins of whales caught and taken in the gulf or river of Saint Lawrence, or in the leas or the coafts of fome of his Majesty’s colonies in America, by the crew of fuch (hips and veflels only, whereof the owner or owners, the captain or matter, and three-fourths of the mariners, were his Majesty’s fubjeds.	#

XIX.	And whereas the Greenland fijbery trade cannot be carried Harpooner*, on without a certain number of men who are ufed to the faid fijbery, line.manager, which nei/erthelefs9 is intended as a nurfery of able and hardy feamen boat-fteerers, for the publick fervice in the royal navy; be it therefore enaded by *nd kjk™* .

the authority afotefaid. That no harpooner, line-manager, or boat-fteerer, who (hall be in, or belong to any (hip or veflel in the Greenland fiftiery trade, and whofe name, (dittinguittiing the capacity in which the perfon fo named, is to ad,) (hall be inferred in a lift, which is hereby required to be delivered on oatb, by the owner of fuch (hip, to the collector of the cuftoms at the port from which fuch fhip is intended to proceed upon the (aid fiftiery, (which oath fuch collector is hereby impowered and required to adminifter,) (hall be imprefled from the faid fervice; and that any fuch harpooner, line-manager, or boat-fteerer, may, during the time of the year that he or they are not employed in the faid fiftiery, fail in the colliery trade, upon giving fecurity, to the fatisfadion of the commiffioners of the cuftoms, that he or they will proceed in the faid (hip or veflel to the Greenland feas, or Davis's Streights9 on the whale fiftiery the next feafon: and that every feaman, or common mariner, who after the firft day of February in any year during the continuance of this ad, (hail be entered to ferve on board any (hip, which ihall be intended to proceed on the faid fiftiery in the following feafon, whofe name (hall be inferted in a lift to be delivered as aforefaid, and who (hall have given fecurity, to the fatisfadion of the commiffioners of the cuftoms, to proceed, and (hall proceed accordingly, (hall be privileged, and exempt from being imprefled from or out of the laid fervice, from the faid firft day of February, till after the expiration of (he then next feafon for

the J

terrCi like regulations as from Carolina.

172	Anno	undccimo	Georgii	III: c.39;	[1770;

the faid fiftiery, and until the voyage home from thence (hall be fully compleated and ended, and no longer; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXIX. r	An aft to amend an aft made in the laft fejfion of parUamt,

intituled, An ad for extending like liberty in the exportation of rice from Eaft and fVeft Florida to the fouthward of Cape Finifterre in Europe,, as is granted by former ads of parliament to Carolina and Georgia.

Preamble TXT"HEREAS by an aft made in the laji fejfion of parlimnt, r ‘ VV (intituled, An act for extending like liberty in the exportation of rice from Eajl and IVeft Florida to the Southward of Cape Finifterre in Europe, as is granted by former afts of parliament to Carolina and (Georgia>) it is enacted, That it /ball and may Rice may be ^ lawful for any of his Majejly's fubjefts, in fuch manner as is there-exported from in particularly mentioned, to Jbip or load rice in the faid province ej the Florida* to jraft or Weft Florida, and to carry the fame direftly to any pert of^ape Finif- fout^wafd °f Cape Finifterre in Europe, without carrying the fm under t0 QnJ ether of his Majejly's plantations in America, or to Great Britain : and whereas the produce of rice, and the exportation there:f, pviy be greatly encouraged for the mutual benefit of this kingdom arj the faid province, if like liberty or licence was extended to the tarrying the fame direftly to any part of America, to the fouthward of tkt provinces ^Carolina or Georgia, without bringing the fame frft b Great Britain; may it therefore pleafeyour moft excellent Mojtfy that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ■ fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament During the affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, during the continuanceof continuance of the faid recited aft of the laft feflion of parlia-Aft io° Geo. menr, rice (hall alfo be permitted or allowed to be exported from b^ex Fredas Majefty’s provinces of Eaft and IVeft Florida direftly to any thereuTdi- ** Part America fouthward of South Carolina or Georgia, without refted, carrying the fame to any other of his Majesty’s plantations in America, or to Great Britain, by fuch perfons, in fuch (hips and veflels, in the fame manner, and to fuch foreign countries and places, and under fuch entries, fecurities, reftriftions, regulations, limitations, duties, penalties and forfeitures, as are in an aft made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An act for granting, for a limited time, a liberty to carry rice from his Majejly's provinces of South Carolina and Georgia direftly to any part of America, to the fouthward of the faid province], fubjeft to the like duty as is now paid on the exportation of rice Urn the faid colonies to places in Europe fituate to the Southward o/Cape Finifterre;) particularly mentioned, referred' to, deferibed, appointed, limited, or enafted, for that purpofe, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as.if the feveral daufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto,

'	were

under the re. Itriftions coa tained in aft 40 Geo. 111.

I77°-] Anno undecimo Georgii III. C40.	173

were particularly repeated, and again enafted in the body of this prefent atf.

CAP. XL.

An act for the more effectually preventing the counterfeiting the copper coin of this realm.

WHEREAS the coining, or counterfeiting, any of the copper Preamble.

monies of this realm being punijbable only as a mifdemeanor, the practice thereof hath of late years greatly prevailed, and is likely to continue to increafe, to the great prejudice of trade, and the manifejl wrong and injury of hisMajeftys fubjefts: for redr ifs of which grow* ing mifchief, be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, Perfons after and by die authority of the fame, That if any perfon or perfons June *4-. 1771* /hall, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June* one thou- counterfeiting fand/even hundred and Seventy* one, make, coin, or counter- TCnoeorfar-feit, any of the copper monies of this realm, commonly called things, an halfpenny, or a farthings fuch perfon or perfons offending to be adjudg-therein, and his, her, or their counfellors, aiders, abettors, and	'"lth thcT

procurers, foil be adjudged guilty of felony.	t^offclony!

II.	And belt further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That ^ if any perfon or perfons /hall, from and after the faid twenty- baying, fell-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy- ing, or putting one, buy, fell, take, receive, pay, or put off any counterfeit cop- °«* countcr-per money, not melted down, or cut in pieces, at or for a low- no,,elr» er rate or value than the fame, by its denomination, doth or /hall import, or was counterfeited for, every fuch perfon and .. C€ perfons (hall be adjudged guilty of felony.	fonyj °

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.	on

That it /hall and may be lawful to ana for any one juflice of the complaint of peace, on complaint made before him, upon the oath of one perfons con-credible perfon, that there is juft caufe to fufpedt that any one cerne<1 . or more perfon or perfons is, or hath been concerned in coun- £ cauflf terfeiting the copper monies of this realm, by warrant under their houfes his hand, to caufe the dwelling-houfe, room, ivork/hop, out- tobefcarched* houfe, yard, garden, or other'place, belonging to fuch fufpeAed perfon or perfons, to be iearched for tools and implements for coining fuch copper monies; and if any fuch tools or implements /hall at any time be found hid, or concealed, in anyplace fo fearched, or be found in the cuftody or pofleflion of any perfon or perfons wharfoever, not then employed in the coining of money in fome of his Majesty’s mints, nor having the fame by fome lawful authority, that then it (hall and maybe lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever discovering the fame, Perfons dif-to feize, and he and they are hereby authorifed and required to covering tools Seize the fame, and to carry them forthwith to fome juftice of or inftruments the peace of the county, city, or place, where the fame (hall be ”^cleize tbc Seized, who /hall caufe the lame to be fecured, and produced in m 9 evidence again# any perfon or perfons who /hall or may be pro-

fecuted

Anno undecimo Georgii III. 0.41.	[1770.

(rented for any of the offences aforefaid, in fome court of juftice

proper for the determination thereof; and after fuch time as

they, or any of them, (hall have been produced in evidence* as

well the fame fo produced as the other fo feized and not made

ufc of, in evidence, and every of them, (hall forthwith, by order

of that court where fuch offender or offenders (hall be tricS, or

which (hall be hy order of fuch or fome other iuftice of the peace, in cafe there

defaced and be no fuch trial, be defaced and deftroyed, or otherwife difpofed

as of as fuch court, or fuch juftice, (hall dire®, jutttce (hall

CAP. XLL

An aB to explain an aB made in the eighth year of the reign of bis late Majefiy King George the Ftrfi* intituled* An ad giving further encouragement for the importation of naval (tores, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, fo far as relates to the importation of unuuam-faBured wood of the growth and produB of America; and to explain fo much of an aB made in the twentyfixtb year of the reign of bis late majefiy King George the Second, intituled* An ad for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant feas, as relates to the importation of raw Jilk and mohair yam landed at certain places therein mentioned.

Preamble. TT7HEREAS by an aB made in the eighth year of the reign of Att 8 Geo. i. T V bis late majefiy King George the Firfi* intituled* An aft giving further encouragement for the importation of naval (tores, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, various forts of wood and timber* and of the goods commonly called lumber* in (be Jaid aB particularly enumerated* being the growth and produB of bis Majefiy's Britifh plantations or colonies in America, may be imported direBly from thence free of all cufims and impofitions wbatfoever : end whereas mahogany* and various forts of American wood* are become very ufeful and necejfary to cabinet-makers and other artificers in this kingdom* and it would tend to the improvement of the menu-faBures thereof* and to the more comfortable fupport and maintenance of great numbers of his Majefiy's Britifh fubjeBs employed in the making and working of fuch goods, and to toe increafe of the exportation thereof into foreign parts* when fo manufaBured here* if liberty was fitten to import fuch goods from all parts of America dutyfree ; be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembted, and From Sept.»9, by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty-1771, unma- ninth day of September* one thoufand feven hundred and feven-n,jS?UrCdh ty-onc» lt an<* may lawful for any perfon or perfons to imported from jmPor5 into this kingdom directly, from any part of America, America, in Britijb veflels, navigated according to law, any fort of un-manufactured wood, being 'the growth and produft of America except mads, (CXcept malls, yards, and bowfprits) without paying any fub-

fidy.

1770*1 Anno undecimo Georgii III. 0.41.	175

fidy, cuftom, or other duty whatfoever for the fame, any law, without pay-cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithstanding.	*

II.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby funher enafted by DuJ entry to the authority aforefaid, That a due entry of Inch goods (hall be be made in the firft made in the cuftom-houfe belonging to the port where the cuftom-houfe fame (hall be imported, in the fame manner and form, express - at the P°rt* ing the quantities and qualities of the refpeftive goods, as was imp°l * ufed and prafticed before making of this aft, and the find goods

(hall be landed in the prefence of the proper officer appointed for that purpofe, otherwife fitch goods (hall be liable to the payment of the fame duties as would have been due and payable for the fame, if this aft had not been made.

III.	And whereas feveral panels of mahogany of the growth and Mahogany of produce of the hay ^Honduras have been imported into the port ^heSy'of °* London fince the firft day of July, one thoufand (even hundred and Honduras, im-feventy, for which the importers have paid or depofitei the duties pay- ported to the able thereon with the proper officers of the atftoms; and it is reafon- port of Lon-able that the importers of fuch mahogany Jhould receive the benefit in -

tended by this aft* be it therefore further enafted by the autho- the duties j rity aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the commif- Ccmmiffion-fioners of the cuftoms, or any four of them, to order the faid cf* duties fo paid or deposited to be repaid 5 and fuch officers are ^be rerndd” hereby authorifed and required to repay the fame to the im- "F™* porters of fuch mahogany, or to any other perfon legally authorifed to receive the fame.

IV.	And whereas by an ad ofparliament made in the twenty'firth Aft 16 Geo. s. year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second* intituled,

An act for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant feas, it is, amongfl other things, enafted* That no goods or merchan- Goads from difes liable to retain the inf eft ion of the plague, and coming from /fo the Levant, Levant without a clean bill of health, /hall be landed at any part Great Britain or Ireland, or of the ifies of Guernfey, Jerfey, Al- the plague, derney, Sark, or Man, unlefs it Jball appear to the fatisfaftion of without a bis Majefiy, bis heirs or JucceJfors, or of bis or their privy council,	°f

that the faid goods or merthandifes have been fufficiently opened and not ^'landed aired tn the lazarets of Malta, Ancona, Venice, Medina, Leg- jn Britain or horn, Genoa, and Marfeilles, or one of them: and whereas raw Ireland.

Jslk and mohair yarn of the produft and manufacture of Afia, are* by s>lk end mo. the laws now in force, prohibited to be imported into this kingdom from Jjf^e^roduft any port or place in the Streigh"ts or Levant feas* except fuch ports Afia^ or places as are within the dominions of the Grand Seignior, and Jome doubts have artfen* whether fuch raw ft Ik and mohair yarn, though /hipped and laden in the faid Straights and Levant feas* within the dominions of the Grand Seignior, can be legally imported into this kingdom, after having been landed at Malta, Ancona, Venice,

Medina, Leghorn, Genoa, or Marfeilles, for the purpofe of being opened and aired as aforefaid; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the paffing of this aft, (hall be deem-any fuch raw filk, or mohair yarn as (hall be, or have been	to be im.

(hipped in any port or place in the faid Strtights or Levant feas,	WtirT^e

within the dominions of the Grand Seignior, and which (hall be Grand Seigni.

a	after-or’* dominion*

where fuch

goods were firft (hipped.

Anno undetimo Georgn III. 0.42.	[1770.

afterwards boded at any or either of the places herein before particularly mentioned for the purpofe of opening and airing only, and which (hall be refhipped on board the fame (hip from which they were fo landed, (hall, upon importation into this kingdom, be deemed and taken to have been imported from the port or place, within the Grand Seignior’s dominions, where fuch goods were firft (hipped, and not from the place where they were landed to be opened and aired; any thing in any former aft or afts to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XLII.

An aft to explain and amend an aft made in the laft fejfinn of parliament, intituled, An aft to regulate the trials of controverted eleftions, or returns of members to ferve in parliament.

WHEREAS an aft was pajfed in the lajl feffion of parliament, j intituled, An aft to regulate the trials of controverted e-AftioGeo.nl. leftions, or returns of members to ferve in parliament: and whereas further provifions may be necejfary to prevent all obfiruftisns and difficulties, which in certain cafes may arife in the execution of the faid aft; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excel- 1 lent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament After paffing aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and hereof, com- after the palling of this aft, if feveral parties, on diftinft in-	j

pliintofanun- terefts or grounds of complaint, (hall prefent feparate petitions,	j

A^ttoScaod comP^aininS an undue eleftion, or return of a member or orders to be members to ferve in parliament, the fame notices and orders given to par- (hall be given to all fuch parties, or their refpeftive agents, as ties and their by the faid aft are direfted to be given to the fitting mem-agents. bers, or ^ petitioners therein mentioned, or their refpeftive agents.

Claofe in aft II- And be it further enafted, That the claufe in the faid aft .10 Geo. III. which provides, that no petition (ball be taken into canfidera-repealed. tion within fourteen days after the appointment of the committee of privileges, be repealed ; and that from henceforth no petition, complaining of an undue eleftion, or return of a member or members to ferve in parliament, (hall be taken into con-fideration within fourteen days after the commencement of the feffion of parliament, in which it is prefented, nor within fourteen days after the return to which it relates, (hall be brought into the office of the clerk of the crown, ffatthetimeof	And he lt father enafted. That if at the time of draw-

drawing 49 mg by lot the names of the members in manner prefcribed by members can- the faid aft, the number of forty-nine members, not fet afide nJ>t be com- nor excufed, cannot be compleated, the houfe (hall proceed in Soufe to pro- fae manner they arc direfted by the faid aft to proceed, in cafe' ceed in manner there be lefs than one hundred members prefent at the time direfted by aft therein prefcribed for counting the houfe j and fo, from day to 10 Geo, III. jayf a$ 0ft€l! as thc cafe (hall happen.

IV, And

i77° ] Aftno undedmo GeoRGii III. 0.424	177

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That on the day appointed On the day ap.

for taking any petition, complaining of an undue election or P°,nfed for ^ return of a member or members to ferve in parliament, into pSnT*<^mt, confideration, the houfe (hall not proceed to any other buiinefs due elections, whatfoever, except the fwearing of members previous to the the hoafe ihaJl reading of the order of the day for that purpofe.	n°r	to

V.	And be it further enabled, That if the fclcCk committee previous to* * (hall have occafion to apply or report to the hbufe, in relation reading the to adjournment of the faid felect committee, the abfence of the order, members thereof, or the non-attendance or miibehaviour 0f?VJannero^1^* witneftes fummoned to appear, or appearing before them, and fele&com-* the houfe (hall be then adjourned for more than three days, the mittee.

faid felect committee may alfo adjourn to the day appointed for the meeting of the houfe.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That if on a complaint by if0ncomplaint petition of an undue election or return, there (hall be more of undue elec-than two parties beftge the houfe, on diftinCt intereft, or com- tion.therefliaU plaining or complained of upon different grounds, whofe right

to be elected or returned may be affeCked by the determination 0n dlitindt in-of the faid feleCk committee, each of the faid parties (hall fuc* tereft, ceflively ftrike off a member from the forty-nine members to be P*rty chofen by lot, until the faid number be reduced to thirteen, in ^ member ° the fame manner as by the faid act is directed for the ftriking off from the 49, a member alternately by the parties therein mentioned; and fucceflively, the lifts of the forty-nine members chofen by lot, (hall, for this until educed purpofe, be given to all the faid parties, and the order in whicht0 the faid parties (hall fo ftrike off the faid members (hall be determined by lot after they are withdrawn from the bar, and in fuch cafe, neither of the faid parties (there being more than two) (hall be permitted to name a member to be added to the members fo drawn by lot as aforefaid ; but that as foon as the lift of thir- When the lift teen members (hall be returned by the parties to the houfe, fuch *• returned to thirteen members (hall immediately withdraw, and (hall themfelves chufe two members then prefent in the houfe, whofe to withdraw} names (hall not have been drawn, to be added to the faid1 thir- and, within teen members; and (hall, within one hour from the time ofonc h°ur» re-their withdrawing, report the names of fuch two members to 0° fuchtwo1** the houfe} which two members, (hall be liable to be fet afidemember*, on the like objections, for which nominees may be fet afide by virtue of the faid act: and in cafe fuch two members, or either cafc fucj, of them, (hall be fet afide for any of the caufes aforefaid, then two members the faid thirteen members (hall chufe one or two other mem- he fet a-bers, as the cafe (hall require, until two members are chofen,^ofeothenr* againft whom none of the objections to nominees mentioned in untiftwo^V the faid act (hall be taken and allowed ; and that the names of chofen. fuch two members $iall be then added to the faid lift of thirteen members; and all the faid fifteen members (hall be fworn at the table, and they (hall be the feleCt committee appointed for the purpofes exprefled in this and the faid former act.

VII.	And be it further cnaCted, That where the faid nomi- where the

Vol. XXIX.	M	nets	nominees art

i?8	Anno	underimo	Georgii IIL. c.4}—45.	[1770.

direfted to ncet are by this aA dire&ed to be named by the (aid thirteen ao member meB»bers» no member prefent at the time of the ballot (ball de-to depart till Part fro® the houfe until the time for the meeting of the bid fe-the time of led committee (hall be fixed, meeting of the felcft committee is filed.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for eftablifhing a boufe or houfes of indnftry in the Me of Wight, for the reception, maintenance, and employment of the poor bdongmg to the fevers] parities, and places, wuhin the laid ifland.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for the better paving, repairing, and cleaning the Amts, lance, alleys, and other publiek paCagce, within that part of the town of Wakefield. in the county of York, which lies within the eaft end of Weftgate Bridge, the fou:h fide of Northgate Bar, the north end of Kirkgate Bi idge, (except fo much thereof as is repaired by the weft riding of the faid county ot York) and the extreme part of the town&ip of Wakefield a fore fa id, leading from Wrengate towards Eaft Moor $ for prr- j venting nuifances and annoyances therein, ami for widening and rendering the fame more commodious.	* *	I

CAP. XLV.

An act for improving and completing the navigation of the I rivers Thames and Ifis from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

Preamble. W7 PEREAS the carrying on and regulating the navigation VV of the rivers Thames and Ifis from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, was in and by an aft of parliament made and paffed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, inti tied, an aft for the better carrying on and regulating the navigation of the rivers Thames and Ifis from the city of London weftward to the town of Cfick-lade, in the tomty of Wilts, vejled in certain commiffloners therein op-pointed^ wboy for wait of proper powers, have not been able to prevent frequent abufes and exaftions being committed by the owners of feveral towing-paths and other pajfages on the banks of the faid riveri, and by the owners of locks, weirs, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates and other engines, in and upon or near adjoining to the faid rivers, andalfo by feveral barge-maflers and their fervents navigating thereon; by reefm whereof the price of water-carriage on thofe rivers is very much raifedy and the navigation of the faid rivers greatly damagedy contrary to the intent and meaning of the faid aft: and whereas, upon a furvey and eftimate made and taken of the necejjary expence of making proper turnpikes, and of cleanfmg and tmbanking divers parts of the faid riverSy and for purebafing lands for the making of towing-patbsy and of building bridges acrojs divers jireams that empty tbemfelves into the faid riversy and for other purpofeSy in order to complete the navigation of the faid rivers, it appears, that the fame will amount to a con-fidtraHe fum of money, which cannot be raifed without the aid and authority of parliament; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed j and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament

aflembied,

177°-] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.45.	179

affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, for completing the faid navigation, and for preventing all abufes and exactions relating thereto, which may render the fame lefs ufeful to the publick, all members of the houfe of commons for the time ComtnifTion-being, that do or (hall refide within the counties of Wilts, era.

Gloucefter, Oxford, Berks, Bucks, Surry, and Middlefex, the re* prcfentatives in parliament of the faid counties for the time be* ing, the reprefcntatives in parliament of the city of London and of all towns within the faid counties for xhe time being, the lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London for the time being* the high bailiff of Wejlminjler for the time being, the vice chancellor and heads of colleges or halls in the univerfity of Oxford for the time being, the dean and canons of Chriji Church for the time being, the dean and prebendaries of Wejlminjler for the time being, the dean aud refidentiaries of Saint Pams, London, for the time being, the dean and canons of Windfor for the time being, the provoft and fellows of Eton College for the time being, the redors and incumbents for the time being of the feveral parities that border upon the Thamej, the mayors and recorders of Oxfordf Abingdon, Wallingford, Reading, Henley, Maidenhead, and Windfor, and the bailiffs and recorder of Kingjlon upon Thames for the time being, the truftees or commiffioners of the river Wey, the proprietors of the faid river, the mayor, aldermen, and recorder of Guilford, the bailiffs of the town of Go-dalming, and all perfons who do or (hall at any time rcffde, or have an eftate of one hundred pounds per annum within the re-fpeftive counties of Middlefex, Surry, Berks, Bucks, Oxford,

Gtcucefier, and Wilts, (hall be, and are hereby conftituted commiffioners for putting in execution ail and Angular the powers in this ad contained; and that all and every perfon and perfons conffuuted and appointed a commiffioner or commiffionefs by virtue or in purfuance of this ad, before he and they refpedive-ly take upon himfelf or themfelves to ad as a commiffioner or commil&oners, (other than the adminiftering the following oath to one another, which they, or any two of them, are hereby, impowered and required to do) (hall take and fubiferibe the following oath :

1A. B. do fwear, that I will, without favour or affefiion, truly. Oath.

faithfully, and impartially execute, perform, and dif charge the office and duty of a commiffioner, according to the powers, authorities, and directions given and ejlablijhcd by an ati of parliament for improving and completing the navigation of the rivers Thames and Ifts from the city of London xo the town of Gr'uklale, in the county of Wilts ; and that I will execute the faid aft, according to the bejl of my Jkiil and knowledge.

So help meGOD.

which oath fo taken and fubferibed as aforefaid (hall be kept by the clerk of the peace among the records of the feffions of the

m 2	peace

i$o

Qualification of com mii-fionera.

If difqualifiedj (hall forfeit tool.

Time and place of com-miffioners firft meeting.

Ordinary

Anno undecimo Georgii HI, C.45.	[1770.

peace in and for the refpedive counties where the lame (hall be fo taken and fubfcribed.

II.	Provided always. That no perfon, except the mayor, aldermen of Guilford# and the bailiffs of the town of Godalming% lhall alt as a commiffioner in any cafe in the execution of this alt, unlefs he (hall be feifed in his own right, or in the right of his wife, of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds, or lhall be heir-apparent of fome perfon having fuch eftate of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or lhall be poflefled of a perfonal eftate to the amount of three thoufand pounds.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe any perfon lhall prefume to alt as a commiffioner before he has taken the faid oath, or if he lhall have alted not being duly qualified, or whilft he was under any difqualification by this alt, he ftiall upon con-viltion thereof, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds ; to be recovered by the general treafurer of the faid navigation, by action of debt, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at minfter; and fuch perfon (hall prove that he is qualified as afore-faid, or otherwife (hall forfeit the faid fum of two hundred pounds; which fum, when recovered, after dedulting of all cofts and charges attending the recovery thereof, (hall be applied to and for the purpofes of this alt.

IV.	And be it further enalted* That the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, for the better and more orderly putting in execution the powers hereby to them given, (hall, for the firft time, meet on the fecond Thurfday after the paffing of this alt at the town-hall of Henley upon Thames; and afterwards.

meetings bow ;n tjic faid year, and every fubfequent year, without any previ-to be held. ous not;CCj on tfic Saturday after the twenty-fourth day of June, at the town-hall of Great Marlow, in the county of Bucks; on the firft Saturday after the twenty-ninth day of September, at the town-hall of Kingjlon, in the county of Surrey ; on the firft Saturday after the twenty-fifth day of December at the town-hall of Oxford; on the firft Saturday after the twenty-fifth day of March, at the town-hall of Readings in the county of Berks; which meetings, fubfequent to the firft-mentioned meeting, (hall Commiflioners be called quarterly or ordinary meetings: and at any one of the may be elc&- Taid quarterly or ordinary meetings it (hall and may be lawful **•	for any commiffioner then prefent to propofe any perfon to be

a commiffioner, being an inhabitant of any county bordering upon the Thames or Ifa provided fuch perfon is otherwife duly qualified according to this alt, or is not thereby in any manner difqualified to be elelted a commiffioner; and if the perfon fo propofeffl (hall be elelted by a majority of commiflioners prefent at the next quarterly or ordinary meeting, he (hall be a com-miflioner to all intents and purpofes, in the fame manner as if he had been appointed by this alt.

Method of ad- V. And be it further enaltcd. That at any of the faid quar-jouming. terly or ordinary meetings, and alfo at all general meetings, it (hall and may be lawful for any feven or more of the faid com-

millioners

x77°*l Anno undccimo Gborgii III. 0,45.	181

mifiioners to proceed to execute this adl, and all the powers, matters, and things herein contained, and alfo to adjourn them-feives, from time to time, and place to place, as they (hall think neceflary; but in cafe it (hall happen that feven commiflioners (hall not be prefent at any fuch ordinary, or at any extraordinary or adjourned meeting then, and in fuch cafe only, it (hall and may be lawful for any two or more of the faid commiffion-ers to adjourn themfelves, from time to time, and place to place, as they (hall think proper, until feven or more commiflioners (hall meet and be prefent at one time, who (hall adjourn themfelves, from time to time, to fuch place, and fo from place to place within the counties of Middlefex y Surrey, Berks y Bucking-hamy Oxford, Gloucefter, and Wiltsy and near to the fame rivers, or fome part thereof, as they (hall think proper : and the faid Commiflion-commiflioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby im- ^^xtxaor powered and authorised afterwards, at any time or times, when Saiy meetings, it (hall happen that no general meeting is appointed to be held by adjournment, to appoint extraordinary general meetings of the (aid commiflioners for putting in execution all or any of the powers hereby in them veiled, at fuch times and places as they (hall think proper, .within any of the counties by or through which the faid rivers run, upon or near the fame, upon giving ten days notice in fuch publick news-papers as to the faid com-miflioners (hall feem meet, of the time and place which (hall be, from time to time, appointed for fuch extraordinary general meetings, at which the commiflioners then prefent (hall be at liberty, and are hereby impowered to adjourn themfelves to fuch time and place within any of the aforefaid counties near the faid rivers as they (hall think proper: and if it (hall happen that a fufficient number of commiflioners (hall not appear at any fuch meeting, then the clerk to the faid commiflioners (hall, by the like notice, adjourn fuch meeting to the fame place for that day. fortnight; and the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, aflembled at fuch extraordinary general meetings, (hall, at any of fuch extraordinary, generator adjourned meetings, held at any of the refpedlive times and places aforefaid, or in purfuance of ftich notice aforefaid, only for fuch number of days as to them (hall feem convenient, do and tranfadl all.fuch bufl-nefs relating to the faid navigation, as to the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall feem expedient; and In matters of alfo, upon due examination of any perfon or perfons touching contro.^frfr any matters or things which concern the better carrying on and toTdmin^fter1 regulating the navigation of the faid rivers, or touching any the following matters in controverfy between party and party relating thereto, oath, upon oath, (which oath they, or any two of them, are hereby impowered, at fuch general or adjourned meetings, to adminif-ter) and (hall be in thcfe words:

I A- B. do /wear, that fuch information or evidence as 1 /ball give The oath* /ball be the truth, the whole truths and nothing but the truth.

So help me G O D. mj	VI. And

xSa

Officers how to be appointed.

and removed.

Commi/fion-ers may pur-chafe houfes or lands for making the jneceflary works, make towing-paths, and other ednve-niences.

and fettle the prices to be paid for the life thereof;

Anno undecimo Geougii III. c.45.	[1770.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That ihe faid commiffioners, or any leven or more of them, at their firft or at any fucceeding general meeting, by any writing or writings under their hands and feab (hall and may appoint a fit perfon to be general treafurer of the faid navigation, and alfo one other fit perfon to be general furveyor of the faid navigation, and alfo fuch other fit perfon or perfons to be receiver gr receivers, collector or coile&ors, of the tolls or duties arif-ing therefrom; and, m like manner, at their refpedive dif-triA meetings, to appoint one fit perfon in each diftrid to be elerk to the commiffioners ading therein, and alfo all fuch 0-thcr officers as the faid commimpners, or any feven or more of them, fhall think necefiary, and allow them, or any of them, fuch falary or falaries as they, or the major part of them fo aflembled, fhall think proper; and alfo fhall and may, from time to time, remove fuch treafurer, furveyor, receivers, collectors, clerks, and other officers, as they, or the major port of them fo aflembled, (hall fee occafion, and appoint others in their ftead.

VII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afortfakl, That the faid commiffioners, or any eleven or more of them, at any general meeting, ordinary or extraordinary, are hereby impowered to make fuch orders and conftiturions for the pur-chafing of locks, ferries, and lands, for the ufe of the faid navigation, and to purchafe and make fuch towing-paths, banks, roads, bridges, ferries, and ways, for the towing, haling, or drawing of boats, barges, and other veffels (with horfes or 0-therwife) palling in, through, or upon the faid rivers, and to purciiafe or make fuch wharfs, locks, weirs, bucks, winches, (pikes, dams, flood-gates, and engines, for the completing and carrying on the faid navigation, as the faid commiffioners, or any eleven or more of them, at fuch general meeting (hall think necefiary and convenient for the purposes aforefaid; and alfo to eredt and maintain pounds or turnpikes on the laid rivers where locks or weirs are now made ufe of, and at all fuch other places on the (aid rivers, as the faid com million -efs, or any eleven or more of them, at their general meetings, to be held as herein before directed, (hall judge proper, and fo as each of the faid pounds or turnpikes fo to be ere&ed in purfuance of this a&, be of the dimenfions of one hundred and thirty feet long, and eighty feet wide; and alfo to fettle and afeertain reafonable rates and prices to be taken from the owners of all barges, boats, and vefTels, for the ufe and exer-cife of all the faid towing-paths, ferries, gates, and bridges, either by men or horfes, as they are now or fhall be hereafter ufed, at the diferetion of the faid commiffioners, by rhe tenants or occupiers of all fuch pounds, locks, weirs, bucks, turnpikes, winches, dams, flood-gates, and other engines, and towing-paths in, upon, or near or adjoining to the faid rivers of Thames and lfis> or which do or may aflWY the navigation of the fame, 01 fhall be deemed by the faid commiffioners, or any

eleven

1770.] Aonoundccimo Gsofton III. C.45.	153.

eleven or more of them, afletnbled at fuch meeting or meetings as aforefaid, to be neceffary or ufeful thereto, between the faid city of London and the faid town of Ctkklade, for the help and af-fiftance which barges, boats, or veflels, may or (hall receive thereby or by means thereof, in their paflage upon the faid rivers, regard being had as well to the fize, burthen, or tonage of fuch boats, barges, and veflels, that (hall navigate on the faid rivers, as to the charges and expences which have been and (ball be laid out in the purchafing of the land neceflary for the feid towing-paths, and in building, repairing, enlarging, improv- . ing, and fupporting, the faid towing-paths, pounds, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, flood-gates, and other engines; and alfo to make rtgula-make orders and regulations touching the fizes and draughts of tions relating all boats, barges, and other veflels, navigating the faid rivers, t^the and to fettle proper gages on the (ides thereof, and how deep river** *ng they (hall load at all times, fo as no boat, barge, or other veflel whatfoever, navigating the (aid river, (hall draw more than three feet of water; and alio to make and appoint all fuch other neceflary rates, orders, conftitutions, rules, and regulation, con-1 cerning the faid navigation, and alfb concerning fuch pounds, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates, and other engines and towing* paths, lying between the places aforefaid, and the (hutting, penning, opening, drawing, ufe, or management thereof, for the benefit and (afety of the faid navigation; and making fatisfa&ion for the lots or damage any owners or make fatiifap* occupiers of mills or lands (hall or may fuftain thereby; and tion to own-concerning all barges, boats, or veflels paffing by, through, or c™ri0fr™vent: with the help of the fame, and behaviour of all bargemen, boat- j^fbehavtour men, and watermen, belonging to or working in fuch barges, 0f watermen, boats or veflels, (b as to remedy the abufes which have been heretofore frequently committed, or may hereafter be committed by them in the navigation; and to give fuch reparation, fa-tisfa£tion, and damages, to the perfon or perfons aggrieved thereby, as likewife to the owners or occupiers of lands, meadows, or other grounds, who (hall be damaged by the negle& or re-fufal of the owners of fuch pounds, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, and flood-gates, in not opening and keeping open tlte fame till the water is funk beneath the water-mark, as to the faid cotntniflioners, or any eleven or more of them, (hall feem meet.

VIII.	Provided always, That nothing in this a& contained Not to extend (hall extend to authorife or impower the faid commiflioners, or to prevem me any other commiflioners hereafter to be appointed by virtue ofPrcfent.courfc this a£t, to make any cut or cuts to divert the prefent courfe ofof thc rlvcr* the faid river in* any manner whatfoever between the bridge at Maidenhead, in the county of Berk$> and the city of London, nor

any where above the faid bridge, except for the foie purpofe of making turnpike locks on the iides of the prefent locks.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Commiflioners That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or to fettle the any feven or more of them, at any general meeting, or for any fbiTci.

M4	three	g 0 r*

18*	Amio undccimo Georgii III. C45.	[1770.

three or more of them at any diftri& meeting, to fettle the price to be paid for the paflage or barges or other veflels, fo as tuch price, fo far as regards the locks now in being, be not lefs than the prefent owners or occupiers of fuch locks are now intitlcd to take and receive by virtue of any former aCt, or any order made by the commiflioners aCting under or by virtue thereof, nor more than four-pence per ton at any one lock or toil-gate through or near the faid locks, according to the tonage of tuch barges or other veflck; which price of lockage (hall be fixed up, painted in large characters, on boards, on the faid locks, as well as the price of towing at the beginning and end of each fare; and the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, at any general meeting, or any three or more of them at any dif-triCt meeting, (hall have power, by a written order, figned by them and directed to the perfons concerned, to oblige the owners or occupiers of kxjks to keep in repair the feveral locks and and oblige weirs now in the faid rivers; and for non-compliance with fuch proprietors to order, after ten days notice, the faid commiflioners, or any three ind^weirs* # or more	whether	they figned the fame or not, are here-

9 by im powered to repair fuch locks and weirs, and to levy the expence by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels; and the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of than, at any general meeting, or any three or more of them at any dif-andtokeepup fridt meeting, are hereby impowered to fix a mark or marks at tlje water to each ]0ck or weir, below or above which mark or marks no owner or occupier of any lock, weir, or mill, (hall knowingly or defignedly let the water fall or rife, unlefs he is authorifed thereto by two commiflioners under their hands, in cafe of any repairs that may be wanting to the faid mill, weir, or lock, that may make it neceflary to let the water down below fuch marks, but in no other cafe whatfoever; and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall aCt contrary to the above directions, he (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered as herein after-mentioned.

Water for re. X, Provided always, nevcrthelefs, and be it enaCted by the -HI. authority aforefaid. That any owner or occupier of any mill mav be §rawn an<* may» anc*ft hey are hereby impowered, to draw down down,	the water without fuch authority from the commiflioners as a-

forefaifl, for the repair of fuch mill, or any flood-gates, or water-works belonging thereunto, and for the purpofe of cleanfing the mill fiream ; and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every perfon and perfons, having a right or privilege to fi(h with nets or bucks in any part of the faid rivers, and to draw down the waters for that purpofe, to retain, poflefs and enjoy, the faid right and privilege of fi(hing,at all feafonable times of the year, and drawing down the water, doing thereby no damage or prejudice to the navigation, and caufing thereby no obftruCtion or hinderance to the boats, barges, or lighters, on t(ie faid rivers5 any thing in this a<ft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Commiflion- XIT Ajid be it further cnaCtcd by the authority tforefaid,

Thar

a proper height.

*773'] Anno undcclmo Geqjigii III. c.45.	185

That the commiffioners appointed by this aft, and their fuc-r ert to keep up cefiors, (hall, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, fq a proper bead build, conftruft, and keep in repair the locks, bucks, weirs,	f°JJ

pounds, aqd other devices to be erefted and conftrufted by the wor*ul8 authority of this aft, as that a fufficient head of water may be constantly pounded and kept up for the purpofe of working the mills contiguous and lying near to fuch locks, bucks, weirs, or pounds; and that in cafe any damage (hall accrue to any fuch mill by the improper conftruftion or ufe of any of the faid locks, weirs, pounds, or other devices fo to be conftrufted as afore* faid, or any fuch mill by any of the means aforefaid, (hall be ob* ftrufted or hindered from working, that then and in fuch cafe, the faid commiffioners appointed by this aft, and their fuccefibrs, or any three or more of them, (hall, on application to be made to their clerk for that purpofe, by a notice in writing from any owner or occupier of a mill lb damaged or obftrufted, or hindered from working, to be given to the faid clerk, or left at his ufual place ofa-bode, caufe the faid locks, weirs, pounds, and other devices, or fuoh of them as (hall bedefeftive,to be well and Efficiently altered, repaired, and amended, within twenty-one days next after fuch application (hall have been made as aforefaid; and in cafe the faid commiffioners, or their fuccefibrs, or any feven or more of them,

(hall not, within the time aforefaid, caufe the faid locks, weirs, pounds, and other devices, or fuch of them as (hall be defeftive, to be well and Efficiently altered, repaired, and amended, it (hall and may be lawful to and for two juftices of the peace near adjoining to fuch mill fo damnified or hindered from working, and they are hereby authorised and required to take a view of the faid locks, weirs, pounds, and other devices, or fuch of them as fhall be fo defeftive, on application for that purpofe to be made by the owner or occupier of the mill fo damnified or hia* dered from working; and if, upon fuch view, the faid juftices (hall find the faid locks, weirs, pounds, and other devices, or any or cither of them to be fo conftrufted, or to be fo out of repair as to hinder or impede the working of the mill of the owner or occupier fo giving notice as aforefaid, then the faid juftices (hall, by writing under their hands and feals, certify what repairs or alterations are wanting to be made or done to the faid locks, weirs, pounds, or other devices3 which certificate (hall be delivered to the clerk to the faid commiffioners, or left at his ufual place of abode3 and in cafe the faid commiffioners, or their fuc-ceffors, or any feven or more of them, (hall not, within twenty days next after the faid certificate (hall be left with, or delivered to their faid clerk as aforefaid, caufe the faid locks, weirs, pounds, and other devices to be fo properly conftrufted or well and Efficiently repaired, as that the faid mills may not be damaged or hindered from working as ufual 3 that then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for'the owners or oc* cupiers of fuch mills, and they are hereby authorifed ta caufe fuch alterations, reparations, and amendments, to be made to tfie (aid locks, weirs, pounds, and other devices, as (hall be

2	mentioned

x86

Lock dues to be paid to former proprietors of locks.



Anno undecimo Geougii III. c. 45.	£ 1 770*

mentioned in the find certificate; and the fatd commiSoners and their fucceflors, or any fevcn or more of them, (hall pay, or caufe to be paid, to the period or perfons at whole expence the faid alterations, repairs, and amendments, (hall have been made, att fuch cofts, charges, and expences, as be or they (hall have paid, expended, or been put unto on that occafion ; and alio to the owners or occupiers of fuch mills, ail fuch damages as they tt»ay have fuftained by reafon of fuch want of alteration or defeat in reparation, fuch cods, charges, damages, and expences to be liquidated by fiieh two juftices as aforcfaid, if any diljpute fhall arife concerning the fame$ and in cafe of nonpayment thereof for the fpace of twenty days next after demand fix that purpofe made on the collector of the rates and duties to be collected by virtue of this ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon and perfons at whofe expences fuch alterations, repairs, and amendments, fhall have been made, and to and for the owner and occupiers of fuch mills fo damnified as aforcfaid, and they are hereby authorifed to receive all and every the rates and duties to be eolleded by virtue of this ad, until he and they (hall have reimbifrfed himfelf and themfelves all fuch cofts, charges, damages, and expences, as he or they (hall have fuftained or been put unto in making fuch alterations, repairs, and amendments, as aforefaid, or by reafon of the defect or want thereof.

XII. And whereas there are many locks, bach, weirs, and winches y now in the jaid rivers, the owners or occupiers whereof are by virtue of the jaid recited aft of parliament of the twenty fourth year of the reign of his faid late majejfy King George the Second, or of feme or-ders made by the commijfioners afting under the authority thereof in-titled to receive a toll of rate for the pajfage of boats y barges, and lighters^ through fuch waters and locks. and for the ufe of fuch winches: and whereas, by means of the faid intended navigation, and the alteration of the courfe thereof all the boats, barges, and other veffehy will be prevented and objtrufted from pafjing or repaying to or fromy or through the faid weirs and bucks: in order therefore to make a fatisfaftion to fuch owners and occupiers of locks, bucksy weirs, and WincbeSy for the damage they may refpeftively JuJlain by reafon of tbe faid intended navigationy and the alteration of the courfe thereof; be it further enaded, That from the time of making any alterations in the navigation of the faid rivers in purfuance of this ad, whereby any boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, (hall be prevented or diver ed from palling or repelling to, from, or through either of the faid weir9 or locks, or from ufing either of the faid bucks or winches, there /hall, from thenceforth, and for ever thereafter, be paid and allowed, and the commifTioners appointed, or to be appointed by or in purfuance of this ad, are hereby authorifed* impowered, and required, to pay and allow unto the owner or occupier of every fuch weir, lock, buck, or winch, for every boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, palling by and not'making ufe of the fame, fuch and the fame tolls, rates, and duties, clear of all taxes and dedudions whatfoever, as fuch

owners

1770.] Anno undecimo GeorGH III. C.45*	>87

owners and occupiers would have been intitled to have received and taken, had ftich boat, barge, lighter, or other vefle], (b parting by, parted through and made ufe of fuch weirs, locks, or winches, by virtue of the faid recited a<ft of parliament, or any order made by the commirtioners a&ing under or by virtue thereof j fuch tolls to be accounted for and paid monthly at or upon the firft Monday in every month in every year: and in cafe of refafal or nonpayment of the faid tolls, or any part thereof, for the fpace of ten days next after any of the days before appointed for the payment thereof as aforefaid, the rates, tolls, and duties granted by this ad (hall vert in fuch owner or occupier, until he (ball have received^ fufficient to pay him (he torts allotted him as aforefaid, together with the corts and charges oc-cafioned by the nonpayment of fuch tolls 5 and that, until full payment thereof, he (hall have the fame powers and authorities for demanding, collecting, and receiving the rates, forts, and. duties granted by this adt, as are by this aCt granted to the (aid commitiioners, their colle&ors, or receivers, or any of them.

XIII.	Andy for the better ofcertaining what fum offumt of m*- Lock-duet nsy /ball from time to time be due and payable to fmh owners or oceu- and lock-piers of locks y weirsy bucksy and winchesy be it further enadted, owners im-That fuch owners or occupiers, or fuch perfon or perfone as ^fure to they, either, or any of them, (hall for that purpofe appoint, barges, &c. (hall and may, at any time or times hereafter, have full and

free liberty and power of meafuring the boats, barges, and light-	*

ers, and of infpeding, examining, and taking copies, at their own expence, of all fuch books, accounts, and entries, as (hall at any time or times thereafter, in purfuance of this aft, be made, entered, or kept at the place ncareft the lock, weir, or winch, of the owner or occupier claiming fuch toll, in order to *' fee the number of boats, barges, Nghters, and other veflels that have parted by fuch lock, weir, or winch, and the quantity of tonage of the goods, wares, merchandises, or commodities, which (hall be carried or conveyed therein.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* Kates of car-That the (aid commirtioners, or any feven or more of them, riage and hire (hall have power and authority, and they are hereby required, of^°J!res.*^>w at their (aid general meetings, to aflefs and rate the prices oft0 c CU * the carriage of all (orts of goods whatfoever, and the rates or

fare to he given for the ufe of any horfe or horfes, employed on the faid navigation from the faid city of Lcndony to the faid town of Cricktcdey and back from thence to the faid city of Londony or to or from any place or places upon the faid fivers,,to any other place or places upon the fame, in fuch boats, barges, and othef veflels, and (hall forthwith give publick notice in writing, to ' be figned by the faid commirtioners at fuch their meetings, or any (even or more of them, to be ftuck up at the feveraMocks and turnpike-gates on the faid rivers, and at the market places or church doors of fuch towns and parifhes as they (hall think ^ proper within the refpeftive diftrifts, and alfo to be printed and ' published in Tome of the publick news-papers, of which pub*

i8S

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.45.	[*770.

lick notice the feveral owners of boats, barges, and other veflcls navigating on the faid rivers, are hereby required to take notice, as alfb of the rates and prices fo from time to time fee and aflefled, and of all other rates, fares, and prices, which (hall at any time or times hereafter, at iiich refpedtive meetings as aforelaid, be rated and aflefled by virtue of this adk $ and if Perfons tak- any owner or proprietor of any fuch barge, boat, or other veflel ing higher (hall, at any time after the expiration of twenty days next after t^c publiflting of fuch notice, take for the water-carriage of any to the roles goods or merchandifes above the rates and prices fo fet as afore-prefcribed, laid, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds: and if any perfon whatfoever (hall adt contrary to any other rules, orders, or conftitutions which (hall be made in pur-fuance of this adt, either for the benefit of the proprietors or owners of mills, locks, lands, grounds, or meadows near or adjoining to the faid rivers, or either of them, or otherwife how-foever, every fuch perfon fo offending dial), for every fuch of-to forfeit 501. fence, likewife forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, unlefs in tbc cafe of offences for which other penalties and forfeitures are herein otherwife inflidted ; all which refpedtive penalties and forfeitures (hall and may be recovered in a fummary way by information or complaint made to the faid commiflioners, at any of their general meetings, or at any of their diftridt meetings, in the manner herein after diredted; and (hall go and be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the party or parties aggrieved by any fuch offence, and (hall and may be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chattels in manner herein-after direded.

No order to XV. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no be altered, order, rule, or regulation, made by the faid commiflioners at any general meeting, (hall be altered or repealed at any extraordinary general meeting; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, at any of the (aid* quarterly or ordinary meetings, or at any adjournment thereof, to alter, annul, or repeal any order, rule, or regulation made by the (aid commiflioners at any former meeting or adjournment whatfoever held in pnrfuance of this adt, or to make any new order, rule, or regulation, touching and concerning the lame, as the occafion and circumftance* of the cafe may then require, and as to them (hall feem expedient; but no fuch alteration, repeal, unlefs notice or ncw orc*cr> (hall ^ ma<fe, or deemed good and fufficient, ihall be given, unlefs twenty days notice of fuch alteration or repeal be fixed, in writing, upon the locks and turnpike-gates upon the faid rivers, and at the market places, and church doors of fuch towns and parifhes, as they (hall think proper, within their refpedtive diftridts.

Navigation to XVI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, be divided That the faid navigation (hall, and the fame is hereby diredted into diftricts. tQ ^ divided ;nto gx parts or diftridts; videlicet, That the firft part or diftridt of the faid navigation (hall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between the faid city of London and the city (ton?

' above

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgh III. c.45.	189

above Staines Bridge; and that the fecond part or diftridt (hall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between the city (tone above Stainef Bridge aforefaid and Boulter's Loti \ and that the third part or diftridt (hall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between Boulter's Lock aforefaid and Maple Durham $ and that the fourth part or diftridt (hall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between Maple Durham aforefaid and Shillingford; and that the fifth part or diftridt (hall be accounted, deemed, and taken to he between Shiilingford aforefaid and Oxford; and that the fixth part or diftridt (hall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between Oxford aforefaid and Oricklade, in the faid county of mits. .

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Eirft fubdivi-That the time and place of the firft meeting in every diftridt uon meeting* (hall be appointed by the firft general meeting to be holden at Jd by^h^firft Henley; and that the commiflioners living within their refpec- general meet-tive diftridts, or any three or more of them, (hall and may hold ing. a diftridt meeting at the time and place fo appointed, and afterwards at all times and at any place bordering upon the faid rivers within their refpedtive diftridls, as any two fuch commiflion- Manner of ers (hall, either by adjournment from time to time, or by any adjourning writing under their hands diredted to the diftridt clerk, appoint j ?n<l appoint-of which diftridt meeting, the faid clerk is hereby required, on “E0111*"* pain of forfeiting five pounds, at the diferetion of the faid com-miffioners, to amx notice in writing at the market places, or on Notice to be the principal door of each pari(h church in fuch towns or pa- given, rifhes as are not market towns that are adjoining to the faid rivers, as the faid commiflioners (hall appoint within that diftridt, ten days before the time appointed for the holding fuch diftridt meeting, or if that cannot be, as many days notice as can conveniently be given, regard being had to the necefliry of the cafe ; and at fuch diftridt meeting, the faid commiflioners, or any two of them, (hall have power to adjourn themfelves from time to time, and from place to place, as they (halt think proper for enforcing the execution of fuch orders and conflitutions as (hall be made at any of the general meetings of the faid commiflioners to be held as aforefaid; and at fuch diftridt meetings the faid conuniffioners, or any three or more of them, or the major part of them prefent, (hall have power, and, are hereby authorised in a fummary way, upon examination of the parties, and all witnefles to be produced by them upon oath, which oath (hall be in the fame words as the oath herein before diredted for the examination of any perfon or perfons as aforefaid, (and which oath they are hereby itnpowered to adminifter) to hear and determine all fuch complaints and informations as (hall be Commiffion-made or laid againft all and every perfon and perfons accufed of to deter-offending againft this adt, of any of the rules, orders, regula-tions, or conftitutions to be made in puifuance or by virtue p thereof; and, upon convidtion of the offender or offenders, to levy fuch penalties as the faid commiflioners are by this adt itnpowered to fet, or are hereby made payable or forfeited for the

offences

*9°

Per foils aggrieved may appeal to a general meeting.

Announdecimo Georgii IIL c.45.	[1770.

offences whereof fuch offenders (hall be refpedively convidcd,by diftrefs and Tale of the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the overplus^ to the offender or offenders, by warrant or war^ rants under the bands and feals of the faid commiffioners, cr any three or more of them, to be directed to the conftables, tithingmen, or other peace officers of the feveral liberties or places wherein or near whereunto any fuch goods or chattels by (itch warrant directed to be didrained (hall bej and all fuch conftables and other officers are hereby commanded to obey and execute fuch warrants accordingly: provided that every perfon again ft whom any complaint or information (hall be made or laid at any of the faid diftridt meetings, (hall have at lead ten days notice of fuch complaint or information, under the hand of the clerk appointed, as herein after mentioned, to attend the (aid commiffioners at their refpedtive difir id meetings.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, That it (hall and may be lawful foraoy perion wbofe fine, penalty, forfeiture, or damage adjudged a-gainft him at any of the laid diftridt meetings, (hall exceed the him of five pounds, and who (hall think himfelf aggrieved thereby, to appeal to the next general meeting of the faid coimf-fioneri to be held after the expiration of twenty days from the time that the party aggrieved (hall have notice of the adjudication of fuch diftrid meeting of the commiffioners, at fuch of the refpe&ive places herein before appointed for the holding of general meetings as (hall be neared to the place where the matter of complaint (hall originally arife (but not afterwards), upoa giving ten days notice in writing of fuch appeal to the party or parties appealed again!}, or leaving fuch notice at his, her, or their lad place of abode > and fuch commiffioners, at fuch general meeting, (hall hear and determine fuch appeal, and give fuch cods to either party as they (hall think realonable.

XIX.	And wh treaty for the more effefinal putting the fern herein contained in execution, it may be frequently necejfmy U view the feveral cutty pounds locks, weirSy buckty winebety turnpike dams, floodgates, and other engines, and the feveral towing-path upon or near the faid rivers; be it ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That the (aid commiffioners, or any three or more of them,

*	at any of their general or diftridt meetings, may appoint any

number of commiffioners (but not a leis number than two) as they (hall think fit, who are,hereby authorifed and impowered to go and view any cuts, pounds, locks, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates, and other engines in, upon, near, or adjoining to the faid rivers, and likewife to view all towing-paths, gates, bridges, and places proper for the fixing a watermark at all pounds, locks, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates, and other engines, and to inquire into the edate, condition, reparation, and circumdances thereof, and and to inquire to inquire alfo by information upon oath (which (hall be in the into the prices fame words as the oath herein-before directed for the examina-toowner8Pof tlon °^	a* aforefaid, and which oath they are hereby

locks, &c. impowered to adminider) what rates or prices have formerly

4	been

Commiffion-ers impowered to take view* j

**77°] Anno undecimo Georgii III. 0.45.	iyt

—>c<n paid to or taken by the owners or proprietors of folk pounds, locks, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates, or other engines in, upon, near, or adjoining to the faid Severs, or in any-wife affecting the fame, as likewife by the owners of towing-paths adjoining to the faid rivers, and the feveral * Jams that are now paid to' or taken by fuch owners, proprietors,

-or occupiers, from the feveral barge-mafters navigating on the faid rivers; which information or informations thus taken, (haH be figned by two of the faid commifiioners at leaft, and (hall be by them tranfmitted to or reported at the next general meeting of the faid cemmiffioncrs, who, or any feven or more of them,

(hall make fuch order and determination as (hall to them feem juft, fo as fuch order do not compel or oblige any fuch owner or occupier to take lefs toll than he is now intitleci to take and receive by virtue of any former alt, or any order made by com-miflioners siting under or by virtue thereof, ten days notice in writing of fuch information and intended order being firft given to the perfon or perfons whom the fame may concern, or left at his or their laft place of abode.

XX.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. Penalty on That if it (hall appear, either by view of any two or more ofrcmovi,JK the faid commiflioners, or upon complaint made on oath (to be tCf*marlu* taken and adminiftered as herein-before directed) to any three

or more of the faid eommiffioners, at any of the faid diftrilt •meetings, that any owner, or occupier of any pound, Jock, weir, turnpike, dam, or flood-gate, or any other perfon or perfons, hath removed any water-mark fo as aforefaid fet and appointed by the faid commiflioners, that the perfon or perfons removing the fame (hall forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding fifty pounds, nor lefs than ten pounds; to be recovered at any of the faid meetings in a fummary way, by any perfon or perfons who will complain or inform thereof, and levied by diftrefs and faleof the offenderVgoods and chattels in manner aforefaid.

XXI.	And be It further enalted by the authority aforefaid, n

That it (hall and may be lawful for any two of the faid commif- Ci^™order~ fioners, upon the complaint of and oath made by the general or diftrilt lur-diftrilt furveyor, or by any of the oceupiers of the meadows a- veyorst&c. bove, that the water runs over the water-mark, and that therr meadows are in danger of being overflowed, to fend, under their of an’over* * refpeltive hands and feab, a warrant, direlted to the faid gene- flow, ral or diftrilt furveyor, or to the conftable or conftables of the parith or place, or fome neighbouring parilh or place, thereby authorifing and impowering him or thefn to give notice of fuch complaint to the feveral tenants or occupiers of the faid pounds, locks, weirs, turnpikes, dams, and flood-gates; and on their refufal to open the fame, to compel the faid tenants or occupiers, of the faid pounds, locks, weirs, turnpikes, dams, and flood - gates, to open and keep open the fame, as occafion (hall require, till the water is funk below the water-mark, and no amj awar(j ^m longer; and if any damage (hall be fuftained by the tenants or tisfaftion fo/ occupiers of fuch meadows, occafioned either by the occupiers damages done

or thereby.

i9*

Anno underimo GioiOU ML dfjfjf. >X*77°#

dr tenants of fuch pounds, locks, weirs, bucks, turnpikes* dams, and flood-gates, penning the water above the water-mark, fo as aforefaid, fet by the laid commifliomys, or neglecting, or re-* fufiogtoopen or keep open the fame as aforefaid, after fuch notice as aforefaid, any three or more of the faid commiflioners fhall, at any of their diftriCt meetings to be held as aforefaid, within the fpace of ten days next enfuing, on proof made on oath as aforefaid of the damage or damages, order fuch fatisfac-tion as to them (hall feem juft: and if any of the tenants or occupiers of any pounds, locks, weirs, bucks, turnpikes, dams, or flood-gates, (hall refufe to pay fuch fum or fums of money fo Penalty on	ordered within three days after fuch order made, and notice

P™to make thereof given, or they fo refufmg (hall forfeit the fum of fausfa&ion* f°rty fhillings, over and above the fum and Turns fo ordered ; to be levied by diftrefs and fate of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and Teals of any three or more of the ' laid commiflioners as aforefaid.

Commiffion- XXII. And whereas great nuifances, annoyances, inconveniencing ert to remove and damages, do often happen on the faid navigation to light loaded ohftru&ons. barges, boats* and other vejfels paffing the fame, by timber and deep-loaded barges* boats* and other veffels lying acrofs or aground in the faid rivers, and by fonts, dung* muck* and compojt* and other nui-fames lying and being in the towing -paths* and other places belonging to the fame, and thereby objlrufting and preventing the pcjfage of fuch light-loaded vejfels: for remedy whereof,,be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for any one or more of the faid commiflioners, on his or their view, or on complaint thereof made to him or them by the laid general or diftrid furveyor, or by the owners or navigators of light-loaded barges, boats, or other veffels, to order the pro- i prietors of fuch timber, dung, muck, or compoft as aforelaid, and the owners or navigators of fuch deep-loaded barges, boats, or other veflels, (by warrant under his or their hand and feal or I hands and feals), forthwith to remove fuch obftrudions, by j carrying away the fame, or lightening their faid veffels, or other- j wife, in fuch manner as the faid commiflioner or commiffion-ers fhall think fit, and to fuffer the faid light-loaded barges, boats, or other veflels to pafs; and upon non-compliance with fuch order, to aflefs and levy, by warrant under fuch commif-fioner or commiflioners hands and feals, or hand and feal, to be directed to the faid general furveyor, or to the conftable or other peace officer of the parifh or place wherein, or near to the place where fuch Complaint (hall arife, fuch penalty not being more than the fum of ten pounds, nor lefs than the fum of forty (hillings, upon the goods and chattels of the offender and offenders, or the tackle belonging to his or their barge or barges, as the faid commiflioner or commiflioners (hall think proper or adequate to the damage fuftained by the owner or owners of fuch light-loaded barge, veffel or veffels, and to be paid to the treafurer for the time being, and by him to the perfon or perfons fuftaining the damage, as the faid commiflioner or commiflioners (hall direCt.

XXIII.

Anno undecimd Georgii III. 6.45.	193

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed,. ty tbeCommi/fion-authority aforefaid. That no commiflioner or commiflioners c^not.to*a lhall ad in the execution of this ad, or any of the powers here-

in contained, where He or they is or arc any ways particularly interefted, under the penalty of one hundred pounds; to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels by ^warrant under the hands and feals of three or more of the other Commiflioners; which penalty or forfeiture (hall and is hereby direded to go to (he fame ufes as other penalties by this ad are to be applied,

XXIV.	And forafmucb as the Arawing barges by boffes, tnjlead pr0vifidh for*

cf men, on all or many more banks than at prefent have Urfe towing- perfon* ufcd pathsy may deprive many men who are how employed in drawing fuch to draw barges of their ufual livelihood, and as feverat fuch men art or may	*nd	*

he come, through ficknefs% age9 or bodily infirmity, difabled from

earning their daily bread by any other fort bf labour, be it eiiade^.

That any feven or more commiflioners, at any general meeting, may certify under their hands and Teals to the treafurer of the faid diftrid, or to the general treafurer, the cafe of fiich difabled man, and the treafurer to whom fuch certificate (hall be dired-ed is hereby required to relieve the faid difabled man, with fuch Turn, not exceeding four (hillings per week, as (hall be direded of fpecified by the faid commiflioners, until the faid certificate (hall be revoked by thdm, or by any feven or more comnrifljorv-ers at any general meeting as aforefaid.

XXV* And be it further enaded, That every wharfinger up- wharfinger* on the banks of the faid rivers (hall keep a book, wherein aft lhall keep eri-goods lhall be entered in the lame order as they (hall be brought 0 to his wharf in order for carriage, and (hall moreover give a re- cU“ ceipt, if required, to the perfon delivering the fame; and every barge-matter carrying goods for hire, that loads from that wharf, (hall deliver to the wharfinger in writing the name bf the moft diftant place to which fuch barge (hall of may be bound, and the bargemafter (hall then take into his barge the goods which (hall be which (hall have been firft entered at the faid wharf, and con- forwarded ac-figned to the place fo named as aforefaid, of td any othef place	5

or places not more than ten miles (hort of the fame, without any entry/ ° other preference, (except as is herein after excepted) than the priority of entry in each wharfinger’s book; which book the wharfinger is hereby required to (hew to fuch bargemafter at the time of putting fuch goods on board bis barge, and (hall give a bill of lading for the fame, exprefling the time or times bf entry, for which entry the faid warfinger (hall be paid one penny for every entry, and no more; and fuch wharfinger and bargemafter refpedtively (hall forfeit any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, on being convi&ed before any two commiflioners of not having made due and regular entries, or of altering, or permitting to be altered, his or their book or books, in order to give undue preference, or of not (hewing bis book or books as aforefaid, or not giving fuch bills of lading, exprefling the time or rimes of entry, or of not carry-Vol. XXIX.	N	ins

*94	Anoo	ondechno	GtOROlJ	1H. c. 45.	[1770.

!ng the goods according to priority of entry as aforeMd; to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and (eals of any two or more of the faid comtniflioners, one moiety of which penalty (hall go the informer, and the other moiety to the perfon aggrieved. Provifo.	XXVL	Provided	always.	That no fuch entry (nail be made

until (util goods fo to be entered (hall be a&ually brought to the wharf or warehoufe where the fame are intended to be tratered.

Rules f • XXVII. Provided alfo. That in all cafes where any barge-barge Haulers fnafter ihall take and carry any goods or merchandife to any and wbfcrfin- place or places whatfoever, over and above or for want of fuch gen.	goods	or merchandife as are herein before, in the firft place, di-

rected to be taken and carried, he (hall take and carry the fame to every fuch place or places reipedtively, without other prefer-Tence than the priority of entry in each wharfinger’s book asa-forefaid, under the lice penalties herein before mentioned, excepting always fuch goods or merchandife as may be of a perilh-able nature, which mall at all times be taken and carried in preference to any other fpecies of goods or merchandife configncd to the fame place or places refpetiively; and upon complaint being made of any of the matters aforefaid before any two com-miffioners, they are hereby impowered to furamon any fiich '	wharfinger	to	attend	with	his	book or books of entry, and fuch

wharfinger is hereby required to attend accordingly; and in cafe fuch "wharfinger (hall negjeti to attend with his book or boob according to fuch fummons, he (hall forfeit any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings; to be levied by diftrefs and fale of his goods and chattels.

Perfons under XXVIII. And. be it further enaded by the authority afore-incapacity faid, That after any houfes, mefluages, mills, lands, tenements, impowered to an£ hereditaments (hall be fet out and afeertained by the fur-convey lands. ^eyor Qf the faid navigation as fit and neceflary for the purpofes before mentioned, it (hall and may be lawful to all bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, hnlbands, guardians, trustees, feoffees in cruft, committees, ex-• - kcUtors, and adminiftrators, and all other truftees and perfons i 'Whatfofcver, not only for or on behalf of themfelves, their heirs ~and fucceflors, but alfo for and on behalf of their ceftuique trufts, whether infants, ifiue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes-covert, or other perfon or perfons, and to and for all femes-co-Vert* who are or (hall be feifed, poffefled of, or interefted in their own right, and to and for every other perfon and perfons whom-foever, who are or (hall be feifed, poflefted of, or interefted in buy 1 ands,Tenemerits, tithes, or grounds which (hall be fo fet out and afeertained as aforefaid, or any part thereof, to contraft for, tell* and convey unto the faid commiflionefc and their fucceflors, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall nominate and appoint, for the ufe of the faid navigation, all or anv part of fuch mefluages, mills, lands,tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, which (hall, from time to time, be fo fet out and afeertained as afore-

3	faid,

1770.I	Ahno undecnno Georgii HI. 0.4$.	1^5

Aid, either in confideration of a fum of money to be paid in grofs, or of an annual rent or payment to be charged and fecuredas is Jierein-after mentioned; and where, by making the faid navigation, or any alteration therein, the property of any land-owner fhall be Separated into final! parcels, fo as to render the occupation thereof inconvenient, it lhalT and may be lawful to and for fach bodies politick, corporate and collegiate, and other fuch land owners, by and with the confent of the faid commilfion-ers, or any eleven of them, or the major part of them aflemb-led at any general meeting, to be teftified by any writing or writings to be by them fealed and delivered in the prefence, of and attefted by two or more credible witnefles, to contra# for, fell, or to make and difpofe of, or to convey in exchange, in lieu of other lands, exchanges* all or any part of fuch lands and grounds through which the faid navigation fhall pafs, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever, for fcch price or prices in money, or other equivalent, as to the faid comfniffioners, or any eleven of them, or the major part of them aflembled as aforefaid, fhall feem reafonable; and that all fuch contrails, agreements, fales, conveyances, and aflurances; fhall be valid and effedtua! in the law to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, aity law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding: and that all bodies politick, corporate or cbHegiate, and all perfons whomfoever fo conveying or exchanging as aforefaid, are hereby indemnified for what h€, (he, or they, or any of them fhall refpetf ively do by virtue or In purfuaYicfc of this act: and that all fuch contrails, agreements, fales, conveyances, and affuraoces, other than thofe which concern any pufeftafeor exchange between any Contrail* to fuch refpe#t*e land-ownefs to be trfade as aforefaid, fhall, at the bea copies to expcnce of the faid navigation, be ihrblled by the clerk of the evidence? peace for the county wherein fuch mefluages,' mills, lands, tenements, or hereditaments (hall be fituate refpe&ively, and true copies thereof fhall be allowed to be good evidence in all courts whatfoever; for which inrolmenf fhall be paid to the aforefaid officers refpedUvely making the fame the fum of three-pence, and no more, for every two hundred words, at\d fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number of words. .

XXIX.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. On refufal-to. That if any fuch corporation or perfon, upon notice to him, her, treat, or them given, or left in writing at the dwelling-houfe or place of abode of fuch perfon, or of the head officer of fuch corporation, or at the houfe of the tenant in pofleffion of the mefluages, mills, lands, tenements, or hereditaments aforefaid, (hall, by the fpace of twenty-one days after fuch notice given or left as a-forefaid, negle# or refufe to treat, or fhall not agree in the premises, or by reafon of abfence (hall be prevented from treating; then, and in every or any fuch cafe, the faid commiffioners, or the value to any eleven or more of them, affembled as aforefnid, (hall enufe ascertained to be inquired into, afeertained, and a defied, by and upon the a,ury' oaths of 3 jury of twelve indifferent men of the county wherein fuclt mills, mefluages, lands, tenements, ‘or hereditaments fhall

n 2	lie.

tgo

Sheriffs to fummon ju-

Anno undcdmo GboROII in. c. 45 J	[1770.

lie, (which oath any one or more of die fiud commiffioners are hereby Empowered to administer) what damages will be (attained by and what leoompeoce (hall be made to fnch owners, pro* prietors, occupiers, or other perfons interested. Six or upon account of the taking fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments into or for the ufe of the (aid navigation, towing-paths, or other purpofes before-mentioned: and in order thereto the (aid com-miffioners, or any eleven or more of them, aflemblcd as afore-faid, are hereby impowered from time to time, as occasion (hall be, to order and caufe the faid jury to view the (aid places in queftion, and ufe all lawful ways and means, as well for their own as the jury’s information in the premifes, as the commif-fioners, or any eleven or more of them, aflemblcd as aforefaid. Shall think fit; and after the faid jury Shall have inquired of, at certained, and aflefied fuch damage and recompence, they the faid commiffioners, or any eleven or more of them. So assembled as aforefaid, (hall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the faid fum or fums of money fo aflefied by the faid jury to be paid to the (aid owners, proprietors, or occupiers of or other perfons interefted in the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, according to fuch verdiA or inquisition of the faid jury; which faid verdiS or inquifition, and judgement, order, or determination, fo had and made, (hall be final, binding, and con-clufive, to all intents and purpofes, againtt all parties and perfons whatfoever claiming in pofleffion, reversion, remainder, or otherwife, their heirs and fuccefiors, as well ahfent as prefent, infants, femes-covert, idcots, lunaticks, ceftuique trufts, and perfons under any other disability whatfoever, corporations aggregate or foie, ecclcfiaftical, civil, or ekemofinary, as well as all and every other perfon or perfons whomsoever; and all and every fuch owners, proprietors, and occupiers, and all and every perfon and perfons interested in fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments (hall, upon payment or tender or the fum or fums of money fo aflefied as afotefaid, be thereby and from thenceforth, to all intents and purpofes, diverted of all right, title, claim, in-tereft, and property of, in, to, or out of the fame: and for the fiimmoning and returning fuch jury or juries the faid commif-(Ioners, or any eleven or more of them, are hereby impowered to iflue out their warrant to the Sheriff of the county wherein fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments Shall lie, thereby commanding him to impanel, fummon, and return twenty-tour indifferent perfons to appear before the faid commiffioners, or any eleven or more of them, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant (hall be appointed; and the faid Sheriff, *br his deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, fummon, and return fuch number accordingly; and out of the perfons fo impanelled, fummoned, and returned, or out of fuch of them at (hall appear upon fuch fummons, the faid commiffioners, or any eleven of them, (hall fwear, or caufe to be fwom, twelve, to be drawn by ballot out of the faid twenty-four; and in default of a fufficient number of perfons fo impanelled, the faid

4	Sheriff,

1770.] Anno undcdmo GtOttaii III. c.4‘5#	197

(heriff, or his deputy or deputies, (hall return other honeft and indifferent men of the ftanders-by, or that can fpeedily be pro-cured to attend that fervice, who (hall be fworn in like manner, till the number twelve be completed, which twelve (hall be the* jury for the purpofes aforefaid ; anti all perfons concerned (hall have their lawful challenges againft any of the faid jurymen /“T®,?11 mV when they come to be fworn; and the faid commiflioners, or be challenge . any eleven or more of them, afting in the premifes, (hall have g. & full power, from time to time, to impofe any reafonable fine negliamgdu. on luch (heriff, or his deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents, ty, to be fined* making default in the premifes, and on any of the perfons who (hall be fummoned and returned on fuch jury, and (hall not appear, or who (hall refufe to be fworn on the (aid jury, or be-ing fo fworn (hall refufe to give or not give their verdift, or in any other manner wilfully negleft their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and on any of the perfons who, being required to give evidence before the faid jury touching the premifes, (hall refufe or negleft to appear, or appearing (hall refufe to be fworn and give evidence; and, from time to time, to recover, levy, and apply fuch fine or fines in the fame manner as any other forfeiture or penalty is by this aft direded to be recovered, levied, and applied, fo as that no fuch fine (hall exceed the fum of five pounds upon any one perfon, for one offence.

XXX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, How the ex-

That in cafe any fuch jury (hall give in and defiver a verdift or pence* of ju-afieflxnent for more monies as a rccompence for the right, intereft,	**

or property, of any perfon or perfons in any fuch lands, tenc-a r#yca* merits, or hereditaments, or for any fuch lofs or damage than

what (hall have been agreed to and offered by the faid commif-fioners, or any eleven or more of them, before the fummoning and returning the faid jury, as a rccompence or fatisfaftion for any fuch right, intereft, or property, or lofs or damage as a-forefaid ; that then, and in (uch cafe, the cofts and expences of fummoning and maintaining the faid jury and witneffes (hall be borne and paid by the faid commiflioners, or any eleven or more of them, out of the profits of the faid navigation, or out of any money to be borrowed upon the credit thereof; but if any fuch jury (nail give and deliver a verdift oraffeffment for no more or for lefs monies than (hall have been agreed to and offered by the faid commiflioners, or any eleven or more of them* before the fummoning and returning the faid jury, as a recompence or fatisfaftion for any fuch right, intereft, or property in, or lofs or damage as aforefaid, that then the cofts and expences of fummoning and maintaining the faid jury and witnefles (hall be borne and paid by the perfon or perfons with whom the faid commiflioners (hall have fuch controverfy or difpute.

XXXI.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft contain- Commiflion. ed (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to authorife and im- cr* not ro power the faid commiflioners to compel or oblige the owner or m*he propietor of any garden, orchard, yard, park, paddock, inciofed &*btrithou *

n 3	lawn.

To prevent making towing-paths through Mr, Mitchell's citate.

196	Anno undeckno Georgii III. c. 45.	[1770.

conient of	Jawn, or planted avenue to any houfe, which have been refpec-

propiictora. *jve]y *ifed ag fuch, fix months before the paffing of this ad, {except fuch where towing-paths are now ufed) or the owner or • proprietor of any mefluage or tenement ereAed or built, or begun to be ere&ed or built, fix months before the paffing of this a&, to pull down, let, fell, or convey, fuch mefluage, tenement, garden, orchard, yard, park, paddock, inclofed lawn, or avenue, or any^ part thereof, to the faid commiflioners, or any other perfon or perfons; nor (hall any thing in this aft contained impower the faid commiflioners to make any new towing-path, bank, cut, road, bridge, wharf, lock, weir, buck* winch, fpike, dam, flood-gate, pound, turnpike, toll-gate, or engine over, upon, or through any garden, orchard, yard, park, paddock, inclofed lawn, or planted avenue to any houfe, without the content of the owner or proprietor thereof.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authori-ty aforefaid. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be eonftrued to extend, to impower the faid commiflioners, or any of them, to make, or caufe to be made, any new towing-paths or landing-places over or through anv lands or grounds now belonging to Richard Mitchell efauire ot Culham Court in the parith of lVargrave% in the county or Berks; nor to build any bridge on, nor to (lation any boat or float within two hundred yards of any ifland or lands belonging to the faid Richard Mitchell \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-(landing.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all'and every fum and fums of money fo afleffod as a-forefaid, is and are hereby charged upon the monies which (hail be raifed by virtue of this aft, and (hall be paid thereout accordingly by the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, or their treafurer, to the perfons refpe&ively intitled thereto, or

. to their agents 3 and that upon payment thereof to fuch perfons, or their agents, or upon leaving the fame in the hands of the treafurer to the faid commiflioners, for the ufe of fuch perfons, or their agents refpe&ively, fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, (hall by the faid commiflioners, their furveyor or fur-veyors, workmen or agents, be taken for the ufe of the faid navigation and purpofes before mentioned.

Veflels not to XXXIV. And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That draw more no barge, boat, or veflel, (hall draw more than three feet of than three feet water; which depth (hall be afeertained by a ftrait white line, of water. one jnch broad, extending from head to ftern, on each fide of every barge, boat, or veflel; and if it (hall appear to any two or more of the faid commiflioners, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, (which oath the faid two or more commiflioners are hereby impowered to adminifter) that any perfon or perfons hath or have navigated his or their barge drawing more than three feet of water, or that he or they harh or have not the faid white line on each fide of his barge, every fuch perfpn and perfons fo offending, and being thereof duly

con-

Upon payment of the inoney afleff. ed, the pre-mifes ro veil in the com-mUIioners.

J

*99

1770.3 Anno Underiirio Gflaxou III; c. 4$.

convi&ed by the feid commiffionecs, (halt forfeit and pay hot more that twenty pounds, nor kfe than five pounds; to be le« vied by diftrefe and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels# rendering the overplus (if any fuch there be) to the owner, after the charges attending fuch diftrefs and fele (hall be deducted..

XXXV.	Provided always. That nothing relating to the Not to extend draught of water that fuch barges, boats, or veflcls, are to to barges, &c. draw, or the mark of any line on fuch barge, boat, or veflel* "grated (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any barge, boat, or

veflel, that (hail not be navigated beyond the flux of the tide. tide.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* Commiflion-feid. That all the orders of the fad commiffioners (hall b^flgn- ert orders ed by fuch number of commiffioners as are herein before im» bow to be , powered to make the fame, and (hall be kept by the ckrks.to

fetch commiffioners; and that fuch dork* (hall permit the fame to be intpeded by all perfons defiring the. feme at convenient times, and (hall deliver copies thereof, or. of any part thereof, to any peribn defiring the fame* taking for the fetiches one Hulling for each fearch ; and for copies* thereof, any fum. not exceeding the rate of three-pence for every two hundred words.

XXXVII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it envied by. the RUie*, See. authority aforefaid. That all fuch rules, orders, conftitutions', made'by the and afleffinents, as (hall be made hy the faid commiffioners, or commiffioners * fetch number of them as arc hereby impowrired to make the

fiune, (hall be, from time to time, fairly written in a book or j£veral clerks books to be kept for that purpofo; and the fame, or a copy 0f the peace, thereof, figned by the clerk or clerks to. the faid coouniffi oners refpeAively, who hath or have the cuftody thereof, ihaH be and ajm;tted taken, adjudged, and deemed good and.fufficieut evidence in aU u evidence, cafes whatfoever.

XXXVIII.	And* far the further preventing the damage* animfa Owners of chiefs done uni committed by diforderly perfons rawing, managing* veflels fubje& baling, or tewing the faid barges, boats, and other vtjfils, either *°

with men or horfes, and that the owners of fuch barges* boats* and * Ul€ vejfels, may be more careful to prevent the fame* be it enadtad by the authority aforefeid. That every barge-matter, cm* the matter of any boat or veflel, and owner of any barge, boat, and veflfet,

(hall be, and is hereby made anfwerable and refponflble for any damage or mifehief that (hall be done or committed by his of their huge, boat, or veflel, or by the whole or any of the crew of bis or their faid barge, boat, or veflel, or by perfons ordinarily belonging to and going with fuch barge, boat, or veflel, either to the goods and commodities with which fuch barge, boat, or veflel, is laden; or by (idling with nets, or otherwise; or by (hooting with guns, or taking or deftroyirrg any fi(h or fowl; or to any of the pounds, locks, lock-tackle, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates, or other engines; or to any bridge, land, tree, meadow, or ground, in and upow the faid rivers, or bordering or near adjoining thereto, either with men or horfes 1 and the feid barge^mafters, barge-owners,

N 4	and

im

.Anno undadmo Gbqroii IIL e, 4.5;	[*770,

»nd the mailers and owners of any boat or veffd fhall be, and are hereby made liable to make good all fiicb damages to be committed as aforeiaid, and (hall and may be fued and profe-.cuted for the fame by adtion of trefpafs or otherwife ? and if it ihall appear that foch trefpafs or damage was done by any of the perfons belonging to or employed in the barge or other veflel? whereof fuch perfon or perfons was or were mailer or mailers, owner or.owners, fuch maftrr or mailers, owner or owners, fhall be found guilty, and the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall recover his or their damages thereby fuftained, with his or their full cods of fuit; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

Officers to XXXIX. And be it further enadted by the authority afore* giycfecurity. fcid. That all and every officer and officers, or other perfon or perfons'whatfoever, concerned in the receipt of any of the fumi by this aft appropriated to the tales afore bid, before he or they (hail be admitted to take tppon him or them the execution or any of fuch office or offices, he or they (hall be bound, with fuf-ficient furettes, to the faid coimniffioners and their fucceflors, for the juft and faithful execution of fuch office or employment, in fuch lum or (urns as by the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, ihall be thought fitting.

Money may XL. And, for afmuch	at money b» toUeOod by the of

•• •TPWh de rates, tods, or dsstits, g by ibis aH, will tut be fuffident Jor the fpeedj improving and completing of the /aid navigation, end ether tbt	purpofes of this a&\ be it further enadted by the autho-

rity aforefaid. That the laid coimniffioners, or any eleven or more of them, fhall and may, and they are hereby impowered, from time to tim.e, by any writing under their hands and feals, to affign over the faid locks, turnpikes, toll-houfes, rates, tolls, and duties, arifing by virtue of this ad, or any of them* or any part of them, but without prejudice to the owners and occupW ers of lochs, bucks, weirs, and winches, now in the faid riven, pr to the tolls payable and to be paid in refped thereof, the coils, charges, ana expences of affigning the fame to be borne and paid out of fuch tolls or duties, for any time or term, during the continuance of this ad, as a fecurity orfccuritics for any fum or fums of money to be borrowed by the faid commiffion-ers, to fuch perfon or perfons, or their truftees, who (hall advance and lend the fame, to fecure the repayment thereof, with legal or lefs intereft.

Klotice to be XLI. Provided always. That no money (ball be borrowed by given of bor- the faid coimniffioners on the credit of any of the faid rates, tolls, lowing mo- pr duties, after their firft meeting, unlefs notice be for that pur-pofe given in the Oxford and Reading news-papers, on in the London Gazette, and alfo fixed in writing, under the hand or hands of the clerk or clerks to the (aid commiffioners, at or upon all the locks or turnpike gates then ereded or made by virtue of this ad, at lead twenty days befpre the borrowing of fuch •	money.

Annuities not XLII. And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be r? exceed 10). jawfu| t0 fpr any perfon or perfons, to contribute, advance,

1770.1	Anno undecimo GSOROIIUL c.45.	201

fay into the hands of the faid treafurcr or treafurers, to be ap* per cent, per pointed as aforefaid, any fum or fums of money, for the abfo~ ann* lute pprcbafe of one or more annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the full term of the natural life of every fuch contributor rcfpeftively, or the natural life of fuch other perfoa as (hall be nominated by or on the behalf of fuch refpedive contributor at the time of payment of his or her refpe&ive contribution-money ; which annuity or annuities (hall not exceed the rate of ten pounds per annum for every one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum to be advanced and paid as aforefaid; and (hall be payable and paid by the faid treasurer or treafurers by quarterly payments in the year; the firft of fnch payments to begin and be made to the refpedive pur-chafers and their afligns, at the expiration of the firft three calendar months next after payment of his or her refpedive pur-chafe-money ; which annuities (hall be publickly fold to the beft Annuit1«* bidder for the fame, on twenty-one days nonce thereof being m*7 firft given in the Oxford and Reading news-papers, or in the f*on£n Gazette, and a like notice affixed upon fuch publick places as the (aid commiffioners, or any eleven or more of them, frail direft; which money fo to be borrowed, either by way of Money bor-mortgage, or by granting annuities, (hall not exceed the fum rowed not to of fifty thoufand pounds, and (hall be applied and difpofed of as e£ceedj the faid rates, tolls, and duties, are by this adfc directed to be 50(000 * applied and difpofed of, and to no other ufe or purpofe whatsoever.

XLIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed Provifc. and declared. That fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be railed by annuities, in manner herein mentioned, and applied to the discharge of the money fo borrowed upon the credit of the laid tolls, and the intereft for the fame, (hall not he deemed or taken to be, any part of the faid fifty thoufand pounds.

XLIV. Andy for toe better afeertaining and regulating the pay- Annuities nunt of the laid annuities, be it further enaded by the authority how to be aforeiaid. That the faid commiffioners, or any eleven or more Pai<1-of them, (hall, by warrants under their hands and feals (directed to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be chofen and appointed treafurer or treafurers in manner herein before mentioned), order and dired, from time to time, the feveral quarterly payments of the faid annuities to the refpe&ive proprietors, as the fame (hall become due; which faid treafurer or treafurers is and are hereby required, upon receipt of fuch warrant or warrants, forthwith to pay the fame out of the firft monies which (hall be in his or their hands, in purfuance of this a& ; which warrants (hall be allowed in account to him or them on making up his or their accounts.

XL V. And it is hereby further enafled by the authority a- Entries to be forefaid. That there (hall be provided and kept a book or books, kept, in which (hall be fairly written, in words at length, the oames and furnames, with the proper additions and places of abode of all fuch ptxfons whp. (hall he purchafers of any of the annuities

»forc-

2QZ

Annuities not fubjeft to land-tax or other tax.

Receipts to be given.

Alignments to be entered in a book.

Anno undecimo Gborgii Iir. c.45*	.[177a

aforefaid, and of all perfona by whofe hands the faidpurchafers fhall pay in any fum or ftunsof money upon the credit of this ad, and alfo the fum and Aims fo paid for the purchafe of foch annuity or annuities, and the refpedive days of payment thereof; and alfo an account of the intereft that (hall be paid to the (aid annuitant or annuitants, from time to time, and by whom received, to which book and books it (hall be lawful for the laid refpedive purchafers, their executors, adminiftrators, and af-figns, agent or agents, from time to time, and at all feafonable times, to have recourfe to, and infpedfc the fame, without fee or reward.

XLVI. And be it further enaded by the authority afbrdaid, That all and every of the annuities fo to be purchafed under and by virtue of this ad, (hail be, and are hereby charged upon, and (hall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of the monies arifing by virtue of this ad; and all and every the contributor and contributors upon the credit of this ad, duly paying the confideration or purchafe-money for any fitch annuities as aforefaid, or fuch perfon or perfons as he, (he, or they (hall appoint, his, her, or their refpedivc affigns, (lull have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this ad, to have, receive, and enjoy theL faid refpedivc annuity or annuities, during the term of the natural life of the perfon to be nominated by each fuch purchaferor contributor as above mentioned ; and that all and every fuch purchaser and purchafers, and their affigns refpedively, (hall have good, fure, abfolute, indefeafible perfonal eftates, arid interefts in the annuities fo by them refpedively purchafed, according to the tenor and true meaning of this ad; and that none of the faid annuities (hail be fubjed and liable to the tax charged upon lands by authority of parliament, or to any other parliamentary or parochial tax whatfoever.

XLVIL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every contributor upon this ad for the purchafe of any fuch annuity or annuities as aforefaid, his, her, or their affigns, upon payment of thj confideration or purchafe-money Jor the fame, or any part or proportion thereof, lhall have one or more receipt or receipts from the perfon or perfons receiving the fame, importing the receipt of fo much purchafe-money as (hall be fo paid; and upon payment of the remainder of fuch purchafe-money, if any, every fuch contributor, his or her affigns refpedively, (hall have an order on parchment or vellum for payment of the faid annuity or annuities, for and during the life of fuch perfon as (hall be nominated by fuch contributor or purchafer as aforefaid ; which order (hall be figned by the faid commiffioners, or any eleven or more of them, at any quarterly or ordinary meeting aiTembled; and after (igning thereof, the fame (hall be Arm, good, valid, and effcdual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this atf.

XLVIII. And be it further enaded. That all and every the affignment and alignments fo to> be made and' granted by the '	‘	faid

203

1770.1	Anno undedmo Georgii III, c. 45,

faid commiffioners, as aforefVid, (ball be entered at length in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe by the faid clerk or clerks, treafurer or treafurers, to the faid commiffioners; which faid book or books (hall and may be feen and perufed by any perfon or perfons interefted or concerned therein, without fee or reward.

XLIX. And be it further enadted, That all and every perfon Affignment* or perfons to whom any fuch affignment or aflignments (hall be tranf-. be made by the faid commiffioners, their executors, adminif-trators or afligns, (hall and may,* from time to time, by propet words of affignment to be indorfed on the back of his, her, or their fecurhy or fecurities, or otherwife, aflign or transfer nis, her, or their right to the principal and intereft money thereby fecured, or any part thereof, to any other perfon or perfons wbomfoever ; which faid transfer or affignment (hall be produced and notified to the favd clerk or clerks, treafurer or treafurers appointed, or to be appointed, by the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, within fourteen days after the date thereof, who (hall caufe an entry or memorial to be made of fucb affignment or transfer, containing the date, parties, and fum of money therein mentioned to be transferred in the faid book or books to be kept for entering the faid original affign-ments, for which the faid clerk or clerks, treafurer or treafurers (hall be paid the fum of two (hillings and (ixpence, and no more; and after fuch entry made^ fuch affignment or transfer (hall intitle fuch aflignee, his, her, and their executors and adminif-trators, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and fuch aflignee may, in like manner, affign again, and fo toties quoties; and after fuch notification it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who (hall have made fuch alignments or transfers to make void, releafe, or difcharge the original fecurity, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

L. Provided always. That nothing in this ail contained (hall Not to preextend, or be conftrued to extend, to rake away any rights, ju- judice the rifdidion, power, or authority of the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the city of London, or any other body politick or cor- London,°&c. porate, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever, or to enable the commiffioners to eredt weirs, locks, turnpikes, or toll-gates within the liberties or jurifdidtion of the city of London.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the autho- Writings to rity aforefaid. That no nomination, appointment, information, be without order, judgement, convidlion, warrant, or other writing what-foever, under the hand and feal or hands and Teals, or only figned by any commiffioner or commiffioners for putting this aft in execution, or any juftice or juflices of the peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concerning, or in the execution of any power or authority hereby vefted in fuch com-miflioners or juflices of the peace, or any of them, (hall be charged or chargeable with any flamp-duty whatfoever.

LII. And be it enadted and declared, by the authority afore- Limitation of fcid. That if any adtion (hall be brought or fait commenced a-

gainft

General iffoe.

Treble cods.

Expen ces of palling the ad how to be paid.

Pyxes, &c. how to be recovered.

Anno undecitOo

Sind any perfon or perfoos for any thing done in purfuance of is ad, every fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced in the county or place where the caufe of adion or fuit (hall arifc, and not elfewhere, and within the fpace of fix calendar months next after the caufe of adion (hall accrue, and oot afterwards ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or fuit may plead the general ifliie, and give this ad and tbclpe-cial matter in evidence, at anv trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad: and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced after the time before limited for bringing or commencing the lame, or (hall be brought or commenced in any other county or place; then, and in fuch cafe, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and in fuch cafe, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non-fuit, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their adion or adions, or if any verdid (hall pafsagaind the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cods, and (hall have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law.

LIII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the cods and charges of obtaining this ad (ball be paid by the general treafurer of the faid navigation, appointed, as herein before direded, out of the fird money that (hall be. paid into his hands in purfuance and according to the diredions of this ad, to Thomas IVaHtr efquire, town clerk of the dty of Oxford,, his executors or adminidrators, upon bis or their producing to fuch treafurer a bill of cods and dilourfements on account of paffiug this ad, figned by any feven of the faid commiffioners, or their certificate or allowance thereof; and the faid treafurer of the faid navigation is required to pay the fame accordingly on fight of fuch bill, certificate, or allowance, fo as aforefaid figned; and the receipts of the faid Thomas fValker, his executors or ad* minidratdrs, (hall be good and diffident vouchers to fuch treafurer, and allowed in nis accounts for what he (hall fo, as afore, faid, pay to the faid Thomas Walker^ his executors or admini-drators, in purfuance of this ad.

LIV. And be it further enaded. That all fines and forfeitures inflided by this ad, or by any rules, bye-laws, or conftitutioni to be made by the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, by the authority thereof, the levying and recovering of which faid fines and forfeitures are not herein before particularly direded, (hall be levied by wsyrrant under the band and feal or hands and fealsof one or more judice or judices of the peace of the county where the offence (hall be committed, for which fuch fine or forfeiture is inflided; which faid judice or judices is and are hereby authorifed, within the limits of their refpedive iurif-didions, to hear and examine witnefles upon oath, and deter-n)ine the fame; and may, according to his pr their difcrction,

* .

177° ]	Anno uodcdmo Georoii III. c. 46,-47.	205

mitigate any fine or forfeiture herein before allowed to be mitigated ; and all fuch refpeftive fines, forfeitures, and penalties by this aft impofed and inflifted, or aathorifed to be impofed and afflifted, the application whereof is not herein before particularly direfted, mall be paid into the hands of the treafurer or receiver of the monies to be raifed by virtue of this aft, and (hall be applied and difpofed of for the ufe of the laid navigation, and to and for no other life or purpofe whatloever.

LV. Provided always. That any perfon or perfons thinking Allowing ap-himfelf or themfclves aggrieved by any order or judgement made peal* to the or given in purfuance of any rule, bye-law, or conftitution of guarter-fef-the laid commi fli oners, or by the order or determination of any fiont* of the faid commiffioners, may, within three calendar months after fuch order (hall have been made, and notice given, complain to the juftices of the peace at their general quarter feffions to be held in and for the faid counties of Middlefex^

Butts, Berks,Oxford, or Wilts refpeftively, where the caufe of appeal (hall arife, and not elfewhere, who (hall, in a fummary way, other hear and determine the (aid complaint at fuch general or quarter feffions, or if they think proper adjourn the hearing thereof to the next general or quarter feffion of the peace to be held for the faid counties refpeftively i and if they fee caufe, may mitigate any forfeiture or fine, and may order any money to be returned, which (hall have been levied in purfuance of fuch rule, bye-law, order, or determination, and may alfo order fuch further fetisfaftion to the party injured as they (hall think reafonable.

LVL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Pubtick aft. That this aft (hall be deemed a pubuck aft; and (nail be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons, without fpedally pleading the fame.

CAP. XLVL

An act for paving, and keeping in repair, the ftreeti, lane*, and paf-fagee, in the pamh of Saint Lake, in the county of Middlefcx; for removing obftruftioiM and annoyance* therein; and for widening the callages at the weft end of Chifwell.ftreet, and at the fouth end of Brick-lane, in the faid parifli j and for other purpofe* therein mentioned.

CAP. XLVII.

An aB for granting to bis Majefty a certain funs of money,

to be raifed by a l.

Moll gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majefiy's	mofi dutiful and loyal tbe	preamble.

ofGreat Britain, in parliament towards tbe ntajfary fitpplies to defray your Majefiy publick , have freely refohed to give and grant unto your	the fum of fix	bun-	fijo.ooo	L	to

drtd aid fifty tboufandpounds, to be raifed by a lottery, to confift of** raifed by a. fifty tboufmd tickets,at thirteen pounds each, in fucb manner as Is herein	eg,ter direBed and appointed: and whereas,	and	uc

upon ’

206

kets, at vi 1. each.

Subfcriber* tc pay in refped of each ticket]

a I. by June 7»*77«.

jl. by Julyia 31, by Aug.aii

41. by Oft. 3*

Contributors payingjn the whole of their fubfcriptions by Aug. 13, *77i*

Hiall be allowed intereft, after the rate of 3 L per cent, to 061* If *77*.

. Anno umferiira Gedrgii 111. c. 47*	[1770.

Upon the fevered terms and conditions exprejfed hr the food rtfikiim, fevered perfims have* in forts opened at the bank of England far that furpofty fubferibed together the tobolr of the fend fum of fen bnirti and fifty thoufand pounds* and made depofits with the cafbier tr carters of the governor and company of (be bank 0/England of omfnad in refpeft of every futb ticket* year faithful eommans do tberefm moft humbly befetth yonr Metjtfly that it may be eua&td \ and be it enadted by the King's moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and content of the lords pintail and temporal, and com* mons, in this prefcnt parliament afictribied* and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all perfbns, natives or foreigners* bodies politick or corporate, who, in porfuance of the faid refoiution, (halt have, on or befertthe eighteenth day of April* one thoufand feven hundred and fe-veuty-one, fubferibed towards the faid Aim of fix hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, and made, in refpedt thereof, foch de-pofit as aforefaid, to. advance and pay, and they or their executors, admin iftrators, fiiccefibrs, and afligns, are hereby required to advance and pay, unto the caftiicr or caOners of the faid governor ami company of the bank of England* (which ► calhver and cafltiers is and are hereby appointed die receiver or receivers of fuch contributions, without any other wdrrant to ' be had on that behalf) the remaining fum of twelve pounds in rcfpttft of each ticket fubferibed for towards railing the hid fum of fix hundred aod fifty thoufand pounds, on or Wore the re-fpedbve days, and in. the proportions herem-after farrited and appointed on that behalf; (that is to fay) fot and m refpe&of each and every fodt ticket in the Arid ldttery the further fum of two pounds, *bemg part of the fum (b remaining unpaid on or before the feventh day of June* one thoufand (even hundred and • feventy one; the further (urn of three pounds, other part there-, of, on or before the tenth day of July then next following; the further fum of three pounds, other part thereof, on or before the twenty-firft day of Augufl then next fotkwving; and the remaining fum of four pounds on or before the thin# day of Oflcber then next following : and that every fuch contributor or adventurer in the faid lottery, for every fum of thirteen pounds which he or (he (hall have (0 advanced, (hall be intitled to fuch lot or (hare upon each fortunate ticket belonging to him or her as is herein after mentioned.

II.	And be it farther enabled by the authority aforefald, That all fuch fubfcribers or adventurers, their executors, adminiftn-.tors, fucceffors, and afligns, paying in the whole of thefums by them refpeftively fubferibed, or which they (hah Vt refpec* lively liable to pay towards the faid fum of fix hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, on or before the fifteenth day of Aimft, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, (hall be allowed an intereft by way of difcount, after the rate of three pounds eentvm per annum* on the monies (0 to be paid by them for completing their contributions refpedtivdy, to be computed from the day of completing the fame to the third day of Offthr, one

207

1 *

177°*1 Anno underimo Georgii III. c. 47.

thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one; which allowances (hall be paid by the faid cafhier or cafhiers out of the monies fo contributed refpeftively, as foon as fuch fubfcribers or adventurers, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or afligns,

(hall have completed fuch tefpeftive payments; and that all the faid contributors or adventurers, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or afligns, paying in the whole of their monies to be by them refpeftively contributed towards the faid futn of fix hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, (hall have lottery tickets delivered to them, to the amount of the feveral fums fo by them paid, for the purchafe thereof, at the rate of thirteen pounds for each ticket, as foon as fuch tickets can conveniently be made oat.

III.	Provided always. That fuch cafhier or cafhiers (hall givecafhier* to

fccurity, to the good liking of any three or more of the com- give fecuritiea rniffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time be- to. the com-ing, for duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of his Ma-	of

jelly’s exchequer, for the pubiick ufe, all the monies which he for thefr

or they hath or have already received, and (hail hereafter rc- ing the mo-ceive, from time to time, of and for the faid futn of fix hun- nies into the dred and fifty thoufand pounds, and for accounting duly for the exchc<ltter* fame, and for performance of the tvuft hereby in him and them repofed; and (hall, from time to time, pay all fuch monies as foon as he or they (hall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days’afterwards at the fartheft, into, and (hall account for the fame in rhe exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof, deducing thereout fuch fums as (hall have been paid by him or them in purfuance of this aft ; for which fums fo paid allowance (hall be made in his or their accounts.

IV.	And be it further dnafted by the authority aforefaid. That Treafury to it (hall and may be lawful for three or more of the commiffion- apply the mo-ers of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, to J^vice*tvoted iflue and apply, from time to time, all fuch fums of money as t^s itflion. (hall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by

the (aid cafhier or cafhiers, to fuch fervices as (hall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this prefent fef-fion of parliament.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, 500,000! to be

That the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, part of the divided into faid fum of fix hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, (hall be di- Prizcs« vided into prizes to be drawn in the faid lottery, in fuch manner as is by this aft appointed and direfted j from each of which out of which prizes there (hall feverally be a deduftion after the rate of ten a deduftion t# pounds for every one hundred pounds; and that the Aims re- m*de xnaining, after fuch deduftions as aforefaid, (hall be payable out J^cvcry tool of all or any the aids or fupplies granted in this fcfiion of parliament, in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned j and the and paid inio commiflioners of bis Majcfty’s treafury, or any three or (nore the bank, out of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, is or are here- of Aie fupplies by required and authorifed, by warrant orwarrants under his or	tAlU

their hand or hands, to caufe the amount of the faid feveral

prizes,

Anno undeamo ueokgii

prices, after making fueh dedu&ions afordaid, to be iftd and paid out of the (aid aids or fupplies to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them diftributed and paid to and amongft the refpc&ive proprietors of the feveral fortunate tickets, in the manner herein after mentioned and dire&ed, as foon as certificates can be made out for the fums due in refpe& of the fame.

Managers and VI. And, far efiabUJbing a	method	for	drawing	the	fund

dire&ors of lottery, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefeid, That the lottery to fUch perfons as the commilfioners of his Majofty’s treafury, or by tseuti- any ‘hree or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, toy. * or any three or more of the commiifioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall nominate or appoint, (hall be managers and dire&ors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to over-fee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform fuch o-ther matters and things as are hereafter in and by this directed and appointed by fuch managers and dire&ors to be done and performed and that fuch managers and dire&ors fhafl meet together, from time to time, at fome publick office or place, for the execution of the powers and trufts in them repofed by Method of the this a&; and that the faid managers and dire&ors, or fo many lottery books, of them as (hall be prefent at any fuch meeting, or the major pan of them, (hall caufe books to be prepared, in which every leaf (hall be divided or diftinguifhed into three columns ; and upon tbejnnermoft of the laid three columns there be printed fifty tboufand tickets, to be numbered one, mo, three, and fo onwards in an arithmetical progreffion, where the common excefs is to be one, until they rife to and for the number of fifty thoufand; and upon the middle column in every of the faid books fhall be printed fifty thoufand tickets of the fame breadth and form, and numbered in like manner; and in the extreme column of the faid books there (hall be printed a third rank or feries of tickets, of the fame number with thofe of the oher wo columns; which tickets (hall feverally be of an oblong figure, and in the faid books (hall be joined with oblique lines, flouriihes, or devices, in fuch manner at the bid managers and dire&ors, or the major part of them, fhall think mod fafe and convenient; and that every ticket in the third or extreme column of the faid books (hall have written or printed thereupon (befides the number of fuch ticket) words or figures to this efie&:	i

LOTTERYfor the year one tboufand /even hundred and

THE bearer of this tide! will, in purfuanee of an aB made in the eleventh year of his prefent Maftfij's reign, be fuch beneficial chance as fhall belong thereto, sn the lottery to be dram by virtue and under the directions of the faid

Managers to VII. And it is hereby ena&ed. That the bid managers and examine the dire&ors, or fo many of them as (halt be prefent at any fuch book* with the	meeting,

i

mj 7°.] Anne uftdectmo Georgii III. c. 47.	I09

sneering, or the major part of them fo prefent, (hall carefully tickets, and examine all the faid books with the tickets therein, and take deliver them <^ure that the fame be contrived, numbered, and made, accor- effhiers of* he ding to the true intent and meaning of this adl; and (hall de-liver, or caufe to be delivered, the fame books, and every or a receipt for any of them, as they (hall be examined, to the cafhier or ca(h- the fame, iers of the governor and company of the bank of England, taking from fuch cafhier or caihiers an acknowledgement in writing, under his or their hand or hands, importing his or their xeccipt of fuch bookorbooksi arid fo many tickets therein as fhall be delivered to him or, them refpedtively, that fo the faid cafhier or caihiers may be charged to anfwer thirteen pounds for every one of the tickets in the extreme columns which (hall be delivered to him or them, or for fo many of them as he or they (hall not deliver back to the faid managers and directors ; and ill and every fuch cafhier or caihiers refpeliively is and are hereby dire&ed and required, upon his or their receipt of every or any intire fum of thirteen pounds in full payment for a ticket from any perfon or perfons refpeeftively contributing, or adventuring, as afordaid, from time to time, to cut out of the faid book or books fo to be put into his or their cuftody* through the faid oblique lines, ilouriihes, or devices, indent-wife, m the faid extreme columns, fuch tickets as (hall be ne-ceflary to be delivered to the feveral perfons intifled thereto as aforefaid j which tickets the faid cafhier or caihiers (hall (igri with his or their own name or names; and he or they (hall permit the refpetfive perfon or perfons fo intifled, if it be defi-red, to write his or her name or mark on the correfponding tickets in the fame book or books; and at the fame time thg laid caihier or cafhiers (hall deliver to fuch perfon or perfons the ticket or tickets fo cut off, which he, (he, or they, are td keep and ufefor the better afeertaining and fecuring the intereft which he, (he, or they, his, her, or their executors, adminif-trators, fucceffors, or afligns, (ball dr may have in the drawing of the faid lottery.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That the faid caihier or cafhiers, on or before the fourteenth t£c unday of Qfiohtr, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, difpofed tic-(hall redeliver to the faid managers and dirc&ors, at their faid kets, office or place of meeting, all the faid books, and therein all the tickets which the faid cafhier or caihiers (hall not have cut out of the fame, and delivered to the perfons intitlcd thereto as aforefaid ; and (hall then and there alfo deliver to the faid ma-nagers and directors a true and juft account in writing, under ^oniM ^4 his or their hand or hands, of all fums of money accrued or in, come to the hands of fuch cafhier or caihiers by or for the tickets delivered, or to be delivered out purfuant to this aift, and how the fame, or how much thereof, fhall have been'adlually paid by fuch cafhier or cafhiers into the receipt of tht Exchequer ... . . for the purpofes herein mentioned j and that the faid managers JiakAnobe Vol. XXIX.	O	and

faliened with filkj

a io	Anno	undecimo Georgii III. c. 47.	[1770.

delivered into and directors, or the major part of them which (hall be prefent the exchequer. af0relaid9 (hall forthwith caufe all the tickets of die (aid out-ertnoft columns which (hall not have been delivered to the contributors and adventurers as aforefaid (if any fuch be) to be delivered into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to be retained and kept as cafh, to be ifiued, fold, and difpof-ed of for railing money for the purpofes in this ad mentioned, as any three of the commilGooers of his Majesty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall judge fitting.

Tickets of the IX. And be it further ena&ed, That tte (aid managers and middle co- directors, or the major part of them which (hall be prelent at t0 bCnd a m€Ct'nB as aforefaid, (hall caufe all the tickets of the middle columns in the books made out with three columns as aforefaid, which (hall be delivered back to them by or from the faid cafhier or calhiers as aforefaid, to be carefully rolled up and cat offm- and made faft with thread or (ilk; and the faid managers and dentwifeinto directors, or the major part of them as aforefeid, (hall, in withtb^kt- t^lc*r Prc^cncc» an<^ ,n prefence of fuch contributors or ad-ter (A).	~	venturers	as will be there, caufe all the faid tickets which are

to be fo rolled up and made faft as aforeiaid, to be cut off in-dentwife through the faid oblique lines, flourifhes, or devices, into a box to be prepared for that purpofe, and to be marked with the letter (A); which is prefently to be put up into another ftrong box, and to be locked up with (even different locks and keys, to be kept by as many of the laid managers and di-redtors, and fealcd with their feals, or the feals of feme of them, until the faid tickets are to be drawn, as is herein-after £ox to be mentioned; and that the tickets in the firft or innermoft co-locked up and lumns of the faid books (hall remain ftill in the books for dif-fcaled.	covering any miftake or fraud, (if any fuch (hould happen to be

committed) contrary to the true meaning of this adh Books to be X. And be it further enadted by die authority aforeiaid. That prepared with the faid managers and directors, or the major part of them two columns, which (hall be prefent at any meeting as aforefaid, (hall alfo prepare, or caufe to be prepared, other books, in which every leaf (hall be divided or diftinguiihed into two columns; and upon the innermoft of thofe two columns there (hall be printed fifty thousand tickets, and upon the outermoft of the faid two columns ihere (hall be printed fifty thoufand tickets; all which (hall be of equal length and breadth, as near as may be; which two columns in the laid books (hall be joined with fome flourish or device through which the outermoft tickets may be cut off indentwife; and that fixteen thoufand fix hundred and ninety tickets, part of thofe contained in the outermoft columns of the books laft mentioned, (hall be and be called the fortunate tickets, to which benefits (hall belong, as is herein-after mentioned: and the faid managers and directors, or the major part of them, or fuch of them as (hall be prefent at a meeting as aforefaid, (hall caufe the faid fortunate tickets to be written upon, or o-therwife ex(fre(Ted, as well in figures as in words at length, in The number manner following \ (that is to fey) upon two of them fcveradly,

twenty

on each of which 50,000 tickets to be printed.

1770.J Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47*	211

twenty thoufand pounds principal money; upon every one of and value of three of them feverally, ten thoufand pounds principal money $ the fortunate upon every one of five of them feverally, five thoufand pounds principal money 5 upon every one often qf them feverally, two thoufand pound* principal ,money ; upon every one of fifteen of them feverally, one thoufand pounds principal money ; upon e-very one of thirty of them feverally, five hundred pounds principal money ; upon every one of one hundred of them feverally^ one hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of two hundred and fifty of them feverally, fifty pounds principal money ; and upon every one of fixteen thoufand two hundred and feventy-five of them feverally, twenty pounds principal .money: which principal fums fo to be written, or otherwife expreflod, upon the faid fortunate tickets, together with one thoufand 1000I. to tffc pounds principal money to be allows! to the owner of the firft- ^ diwn drawn ticket upon each of the firft fix days of the drawing of06*****0-the faid lottery, and one thoufand pounds principal money to and 10001. to the owner of the laft drawn ticket, over and above the benefits thclaft-drawa» which maj happen to belong to the feven laft-mentioned tickets, or any of them, will amount, in the whole, to' the fum of four hundred and fifty thoufand pounds : which faid fum of four hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, and no more, is to be paid at the bank of England to the proprietors of the faid fortunate tickets, in proportion to their refpeftive interefts therein, infuch manner as is appointed by this aft; and the faid managers and Tickets of the direftors, or the major part of them who (hall be prefent at a witermoft co-meeting as aforefald, (hall caufe all the faid tickets contained in ]a^CQtioii. the outer-mod columns of the faid laft-mentioned books, to be, ed book to be in the prefence of the faid managers and direftors, or the major rolled up and part of them which (hall be prefent at a meeting as aforefaid, dad* and in the prefence of fuch contributors or adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and faftened with thread or (ilk, and carefully cut out indentwife, through the faid flourifh and cut out or device, into another box to be prepared for this purpofe, and indentwife to be marked with the letter (B) ; which box (hall be put into j^rked^ith another ftrong box, and locked up with feveodifferent locks and Jh* ictte" keys, to be kept by as many of the faid managers, and fealed up (8). with their feals, or the Teals of Tome of them, until thefe tickets Box to be (hall alfo be drawn in the manner and form herrin-after men- UP am* tioned 5 and that the whole bufinefs of rolling up, and cutting Bafinefe of off, and putting into the faid boxes the faid tickets, and locking rolling up the up and (eating the faid boxes, (hall be performed by the faid tickets, &c. managers and direftors, or fuch of them as aforefaid, before thfe *© he.perform-lalt fix days immediately preceding the day by this aft appoint- dayTpreced* ed for the drawing the faid lottery : and, to the end every per- jng the draw** fon concerned may be well aflured that the counterpart of theing. fame number with his or her ticket is put into the box marked Puj^ic P0**** with the letter (A^) from whence the fame may be drawn, and that other matters are done as hereby direfted. Tome pub- tickets into lick notification* in print (hall be given of the precife time or the boxes, times of putting the faid tickets into the faid boxes, to the end

o 2	that

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47.	£ 1770.

that fuch contributors or adventurers as (hall be minded to fee the fame done, may be prefent at the doing thereof.

Lottery to be-	And ^ lt furthcr cnadled by the authority aforefaid,

gin drawing * That on or before the, eighteenth day of November, one thoufand oil 19 Nov. (even hundred and feventy-cne, the faid managers and dire&ors *77**	(hall caufe the faid feveral boxes, with all the tickets thereto, to

1	be brought into the Guildhall of the city of Loudon, fo that the

fame may be there and placed on a table provided for that pur-Method to be	pofe, by nine of the clock in the forenoon of the fame day; and

obferved in	(hall then and there feverally attend this fervice, and caufe the

drawing, «c. two boXCS containing the faid tickets to be feverally taken out of the other two boxes in which they (hall have been locked op ; and the tickets or lots in the refpe&ive innermoft boxes, being in the prefence of the faid managers and diredors, or fiich of them as (hall be then prefent, and of fuch contributors or adventurers as will be therafor the fatisfadion of themfelves, well . fttaken and mingled in each box difiin&ly, feme one indifferent and fit perfea, to be appointed and directed by the find managers, or the major part of them, or fuch of them as (hall be then prefent, (hall take out and draw one ticket from the box where the faid numbered tickets (hall be as aforefaid put, and one o-thcr indifferent and fit perfon, to be appointed and directed in like manner, (hall take out a ticket or lot from the box where the faid fixteen thoufand fix hundred and ninety fortunate, and thirty-three thoufand three hundred and ten blank tickets (baH be promifeuoufly put as aforefaid$ and immediately both the tickets fo drawn (hall be opened, and the number as well of the fortunate as the blank ticket (hall be named aloud; and if the a ticket taken or drawn from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots, (hall appear to be a blank, then the numbered ticket fo drawn with the faid blank at the fame time drawn, (hall both be put upon one file; and if the ticket fo drawn or taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots (hall appear to be one of the fortunate tickets, then the principal futn written upon fuch fortunate ticket, whatfoever it be, (hall be entered by a> clerk, which the faid managers, or the major part of them as aforefaid (hall employ and overfee for this purpofe, into a book to be kept for entering the numbers coming up with the faid fortunate tickets, and the principal fums whereunto they (hall be intitled refpe&ively, and two of the faid managers (hall fet their names as witnefles to fuch entries ; and the faid fortunate and numbered tickets fo drawn together, (hall be put upon another file; and fo the faid drawing of the tickets (hall continue, by taking one ticket at a time out of each box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the fame, and by entering the fortunate lots in fuch method as is before mentioned, until the -whole number of fixteen thoufand fix hundred and ninety fortunate tickets, and one more for the laft-drawn as aforefaid, After each	completely	drawn: and as the fame cannot be perform-

day't draw- ed in one day’s time, the faid managers and directors (hall caufe fog, the boxes the boxes to be locked up and fealed in manner as aforefaid, and

4	adjourn

I	I

1770.}	Aono undecimo Georg 11 III. c.47^	3*$

adjourn till the next day, and fo from day to day, and every day f0 be locked (except Sundays, CbriJlmas-doji thankfgiving and faft-days) ana up and leaded* then open the fame, and proceed as above, till the faid whole number of lixteen thoufand ilx hundred and ninety fortunate tickets, and one more, (hall be completely drawn as aforefaid$ and afterwards the faid numbered tickets fo drawn, with the fortunate tickets drawn againft the fame, (hall be and remain in a ftrong box locked up as aforefaid, and under the cuftody of the faid managers, until they (hall take them out to examine, ad-juft, and fettle the property thereof.

XII. And* to the end the fortunate may tnow whether abfent or Number of prefenty to what degree they have been Jo, be it ena&ed, That the t|lc fortunate faid managers (hall, as foon as conveniently may be after the k5rs and faid drawing is over, caufe to be printed and publimed the num- Sprinted*.0 ber of the tickets drawn againft each fortunate ticket, and the	*	*

principal futn written on the fame 5 and if any contention or Difputes re- * difpute (hall aaife in the adjufting the property of the faid fortu- lating hereto, nate tickets, the major part of the faid managers agreeing there-in (hall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: and ifgpr8< man?" any perfon or perfons (hall forge or counterfeit, or caule or pro,- pcnait- ^ ; cure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly a<ft or aflift in forging, &c. the forging or counterfeiting any ticket or tickets, certifi- ticket* or cate or certificates, order or orders made forth by virtue qf certificates, this prefent a<5l, or any former ad), made for eftablifhing any lottery or lotteries, or alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter, vend, barter, or difpofe of any fuch falfe,-altered, forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, order or orders, or (hall bring any fuch forged or counterfeit ticket, certificate, or order, or any fuch ticket, certificate or order, the number whereof, or any figure or word therein, (hall have been altered, (knowing the fame tp be fuch) to the faid managers, or any of them, or to the cafhier oj cafhiers or ac-comptant-general of the bank of England for the time being, pr to any. other perfon or perfons whatfoever, with a fraudulent intention ; or lhall willingly aid, abet, affift, hire, Qf command. Felony, any perfon or perfons 10 commit any fuch offence or offences as aforefaid ; then, and in every fuch cafe, all and every fuch perfon or perfons, being thereof cqnvidled.in due form of law, Hull be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy : and the faid managers and dire&ors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorifed, required, and impowered, to caufe any perfon or perfons bringing or uttering fuch forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates as aforefaid, or aiding, abetting, aflifting, hiring, or commanding, any perfon or perfons therein, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majesty’s gaol of New-gatey or to the common gaol of the county or place where fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fo apprehended, to be proceeded 3-gainft for the faid felony according to law.

XIII. And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid, offenders flfe. That if any perfon or perfons who (hall commit any fuch of-ingoutof

o 3	fence

%	m	I

ai4	Anno undeclmo Georgii III. C.47J	[1770.

prifon, difco- fence or offences as aforefaid, or be aiding, abetting, affifting, venng perfont bireing, or commanding any perfon or perfons therein, (hall af-guilty, to be tCrward being out of prifon, difcover any one or more perion /oL reward^ or P^rfons, who already have, or hereafter (hall commit, or be aiding, abetting, or concerned in any fuch offence or offences as aforefaid, fo as fuch perfon or perfons fo difeovered be lawfully convided of the fame, fuch difeoverer (hall have, and is hereby intitled to his Majesty's mod gracious pardon, for fuch bis or her offences; and moreover, (ball be intitled to a reward of fifty pounds lawful money of Great Britain for every fuch offender fo convi&ed ; to be paid out of the monies arifing by virtue of this a&, or any other the aids or fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament, immediately upon fuch convictioa -	as aforefaid.

froviTo.	XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by

the authority aforefaid. That no attainder for any the offences aforefaid (hall make or work any con uption of blood, lofs of dower, or difherifon of heirs.

Managers to XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the autho-be (worn. jlty af0refaid. That every perfon that (hall be appointed as a-forefaid to be a manager and director for putting this ad in execution, before his ading in fuch commiflion (except the admi-niftering the oath immediately herein after mentioned] (hall take the oath following j that is to fay.

The oath. * T A. B.as a manager and dir eft or of the lottery to be drawn in pur-JL fuance of an aft of parliament made in the eleventh year of th Majejlys reign, do fwear, that I will faithfully execute the truf n-pofed in me; and that I will not ufe any indireft art or meanly cr permit or dire ft any perfon to uje any indireft art or means, to obtain c prize or fortunate lot therein;for myfelf or any other perfon wbtt-foever ; and that I will do the utmojl of my endeavour to prrjent oxj undue or fmijler pr aft ice to be dbne by any perfon voha/foever ; ard that I will, to the befiof my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket, of right docs belongs according to the true intent oni meaning of the faid aft.

whidh faid oath (hall and may be adminiftered by any two or more of the other managers and diredors.

Sve^beV** XVI. Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful to fublcrib*dUb!Z! anc* ^or ^ caMer or cafhiers, having given fccurity as fore receiving! aforefaid, at any time or times before fuch cafhier or cafhiers the lottery (hall have received any book or books for the faid lottery from the faid managers comprehending the faid fifty thoufand tickets in three columns ?s aforefaid, to receive from the faid contributors, or adventurers, or their executors, adminiftrators, fuccef-fors, or afligns, the monies to be by them refpedively paid on account of the faid lottery at one intire payment, or in,fuch *nd to	proportions and manner as aforefaid, before fuch cafhicr or

oote for the* ca^,ers fhall have received fuch book or books; and the faid fame i	cafhier or cafhiers (hall give a note or receipt under his or their

hard

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c, 47.	21$

hand or hands for the fum or Aims fo paid; and (hall be obliged the bearer* thereby, and by this adt, to give the bearer of every fuch note entitled or receipt a ticket or tickets of the extreme column of three columns, book or books aforefaid, for every thirteen Seketfor* pounds fo contributed, paid, or anfwered, as foon as he or every 13I, fo they lhal] be enabled thereunto by delivery of any fuch book paid, or books to him or them from the faid managers as afore-	v

faid ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XVII.	Provided alfo. That in cafe any fuch contributor or Contributors adventurer as aforefaid, who (hall have advanced and paid down not making to fuen calhier or cafhiers a proportion of his, her, or their p^roen£r confideration-money towards the laid lottery, his, her, or their within the executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors or afligns do not advance times limit-and pay unto fuch calhier or cafhiers the remaining part of his,cd* her, or their confideration-money fo to be paid in full for fuch ticket or tickets as aforefaid, on or before the times for paying forfeit their thereof as aforefaid ; that then, and in every fuch cafe, every witl* fuch contributor, or adventurer, (hall forfeit and lofe to his Ma-	lhe

jefty, for the ufe of the publick, the proportion of his, her, or . ^1 their purchafe-money which he, fhe, or they, (hall have fo paid down as aforefaid towards the lottery; and in fuch cafe, no ticket or tickets (halt be delivered out by the faid cafhier op cafhiers to fuch contributor or contributors, adventurer, or adventurers, making fuch default; but the ticket and tickets which ihould have been delivered to them refpe&ively, had they paid the full money for the fame, (hall be returned and delivered to	1

ttfe faid managers and directors by the faid cafhier or cafhiers, together with the other tickets (if any) in the outermoft column of the book and books firft herein mentioned and directed to be prepared, which (hall not have been difpofed of as aforefaid; and fuch ticket and tickets, upon and for which defaults of pay- and the tick-ments (hall have been made as aforefaid, (hall be delivered into cts for fuch the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, with other the faid un-	to J* .

difpofed tickets (if any) there to be retained and kept as cafh, into the ex-and to be ifTued, fold, and difpofed of for the purpofes and in chequer, the manner herein before diredled and appointed with refpedt to the faid undifpofed tickets ; and the faid contributor and contributors, adventurer and adventurers, making fuch default,

(hall not have or receive, or be intitled to have or receive, any benefit or advantage for or in refpedt of the money which he, lhe, or they, (hall have paid for or towards the purchafe of fuch ticket or tickets; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enadted by the autho- Treafbry to rity aforefaid, That out of the monies to arife by the contribu- pay the nations to the faid lottery, it (hall and may be lawful to and for j?aScr,> any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, cjdcntal wc-*1* or the high treafgrer for the time being, to reward the pences. faid managers and diredors, and the clerks and officers to be employed by and under them, and any other officers and per-

o 4	fons

limitation of the fait of pbances, See.

penalty.

Office, keepers, &c. feUit {hate* in tickets of Whiffc they a not poflVffcfJ

(forfeit 5001.

Anno undodno Gkorcii III. c. 47;	[1770C

fons that (hall and may be any ways employed in this affair, for their labour and pains, and to difcharge fuch incident cxpeoccs as (hall neceffarily attend the execution of this aft, in foch man* ner as any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury, or the high trerfurer for the time being, (hall, from time to time, think fit and reafonable in that behalf; any thing in this a61 contained to the contrary notwithftandiog.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefrud. That no perfon or perfons (hall fell the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, or any (hare or (bares of any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, for a day, or part of a day, or for a longer time lefs than the whole time of drawing the lottery then to come; or (hall receive any money whatfoever |n confideratiqn of the repayment of any fum or Turns of money, in cafe any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery (hall prove fortunate ; or (hall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, either as to the time of fuch ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether fuch ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every perfon and perfons who (hall offend in any of the faid matters, (hall forfeit and pay treble the fum and fums of money which (hall have been received by fuch perfon and perfons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft; to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler^ in which no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed ; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety to be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame; and every fuch fale, wager, or contraft, and every agreement relating thereto, (hall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

XX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afondaid, ig That if any perfon or perfons (hall keep any office or offices, or (hall print or publifh any fckeme or propofal for receiving any fum or fums of money, in confideration of any intereft to be re granted for the fame, in any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, ’ whereof fuch perfon or perlons (hall not then, and at the aftual time of drawing fuch ticket or tickets, be poffeffed, or in confi-deration of any fum or fums of money to be repaid, in cafe any ticket or number of tickets in the faid lottery, which (hail not then, and at the aftual time of drawing the faid ticket or tickets, be in the poffeffion of fuch perfon or perfons, (hall prove fortunate or unfortunate; ail and every fuch perfon and perfons (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at lVcJlminJlers in which no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; one moiety whereof, to be for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, and the.other moiety to be paid to the perfon 01 perfons who (hall fup for the fame; and alfo (hall fpf-fer three mopths imprifpnment without bail or mainprize.

XXI,	And

• « »

277°*] Anpo uadcdmo Geohgii III. c.47;	217

XXI.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, Offence* # That if any offence againft this all, or any of the alVs of par- JreUnd a- *" Itament made in this kingdom for preventing private and unlaw-

ful lotteries, (hall be committed in Ireland, the offender (hall in- preventing cur the like penalty and puniffiment, to be inflilted in like man- unlawful leaner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom ; and that ®.ade (uch penalties as by this all, or any of the (aid alts, are direlt- pu™ a C* . cd to be recovered in any of his Majesty*s courts of record at fVeflminfter, (hall, in cafe of offences committed againft this alt, rued for in or any of the faid alts, in Inland, be recovered in any of his Dublin. Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin.

XXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. The fom of That the futn of four hundred and fifty thoufand pounds as a- * 50,0001. pay-forefaid, to be paid for and in refped of all the faid fortunate of^h^fortu^ tickets, (hall be, and is hereby charged upon, and lhall be iffued nate tickets * and paid out of all or any the aids or fupplies granted in this fef- is charged up-fion of parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand fe- on the aid* in ven hundred and feventy-one, in manner herein before men-

tioned, and (hall be paid, upon demand, by the faid governor e 18 * l0f! * and company of the bank of England, in money, without any tbe bank further or other dedu&ion whatsoever to the refpeftive proprie- without de-tors of fuch fortunate tickets, on the firft day of March one duftion. thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, or as foon thereafter After thc 9* certificates can be made out for afeertaining, in manner here- drawing of in after mentioned, the ftfms to be paid upon the faid tickets; the lottery, which tickets, after the drawing of the faid lottery is completed tlc,*ets t0 and ended, (ball be exchanged for certificates, to be figned by certificate*, fuch of the faid managers as Inal) be appointed for that purpofe.

XXIII.	And, to the end that all and every the payttunts upon the Manager* to fortunate tickett may be more eajily ascertained, fettled, and adjufted, give notice of for the perfont who /hall become intitled thereunto, be it further en- the time for sited. That fuch of the faid managers as any three or more of 1 the commifiioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the delivering out time being, (hall appoint to take in the faid fortunate tickets, the certifi-and deliver out the faid certificates for and in lieu thereof, (hall, catc*» &<* as foon as may be, give notice by advertifement, to be printed and publiftied in manner as they (hall think fit, of the days and times for taking in the faid fortunate tickets, and delivering out of the faid certificates, for and in lieu of the fame; and every Certificates to certificate (hail be numbered in courfe according to the bringing be numbered, the rickets to the managers fo to be appointed for exchanging the fame j to which purpofe fuch managers (hall enter, or caufe to be entered, in a book or books to be by them kept for that Books to be purpofe, the name of every perfon who (hail bring any fuch for- kept foren-. tunate ticket or tickets to be exchanged for fuch certificate or certificates, and the number or numbers of the fortunate ticket Ibns bringmg" or tickets which (hall be fo brought, the value in money pay- tickets to be able thereupon, and the day of the month and the year of our exchanged, lord when the fame was fo brought; which book and books lhall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking in the faid ticket* to be exchanged for fuch certificates, for all perfons con-

cerne4

Treifory to difcharge ill incident charges attending the execution at tU» id.

218	Anno	undectmo	Georgii	III.	C.47J	[1770.

Certificstet to cemed to perufe; all which certificates (hall be figned by the he figned, dec. managers fo to be appointed, or the major part of them, and be direded to the chief caQiicr or cafhiers of the bank of England.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it cnaded by the authority aforefaid. That out of the monies to be received in purfuance erf this adl, or out of any the aids or fupplies granted in this fcf-fion of parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, any three or more of the comtniffion-er$ of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall have power to difeharge all fuch incident charges, not hereby otherwife provided for, as (hall neceffarily attend the execution of this a£t, in fuch manner as to them (hall Teem juft and rea-fonable, and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as (hall be thought proper for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the laid calhier or cathiers, and any other perfon or perfons for receiving* Paying, and accounting for the faid contributions, and for performing the truft hereby repofed in him or them; ail which allowances to be made as arorefaid in refpedt of the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, (hall be for the ufe and benefit of the laid governor and company, and at their difpofal only.

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatfbever, (hall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty’s fubjetfs fof receiving or paying the faid contribution-

mwim,..- monies, or any °f or for any tallies or receipts concem-v£oniesfor"for mg the fame, or for iffuing the monies payable in refpedofthe ■ iffuing re- faid fortunate tickets, upon pain that any officer or perfon of-cripts or mo- fending by taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward, orgratu-ity, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty on penalty of pounds to the party aggrieved, with full coftaof fuit; tobere-covered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeftminJltr, wherein no efioin, protedtion, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed.

XXVI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall be lued, molefted, or profe-cuted, for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this*#,

General iflue. fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the genera] iflue, and give this a£l and the fpecial matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence or defences ; and if afterwards a verdict (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his, her, or their adtion or profecution, or be non-fuited, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him, her, or them, ag any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

No fee to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution*

Treble cefta.

CAP,

»i9

*776*1 Anno tindecimo Georgii III. 0.48;

CAP. XLVin.

An act for granting to bis Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund) and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the fetvkeof the year one thousand (even hundred and feventy-one; and for further appropriating the fuppliet granted in this fcflion of parliament, for carrying to the aggregate fund a fum of mOtoey which hath a-rifen by the two Fevenths excife, and for enabling the commifiioners for executing the office of treafurer of bis Majelly’s exchequer, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to pay to John Doblon, owner of the Gteenland (hip lord Molyneux, the bounty due for the faid fbip on the lalt year's fifhery.

Preamble* 1,650*000!. granted out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the current year j to be lifted by the treafury accordingly. Treafury im-powered to raife the faid Aim, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the finking fund; and to ftrike tallies of loan, with orders for repayment of the money fo advanced j and intereft payable quarterly* Orders to be regiftered in courfe. No undue preference to be given in payment* nor fee to be taken 1 on forfeiture of treble damages* with full cods. Penalty of undue preference in point of regiftry or payment. Auditor, Sec. neglecting bis duty, liable for damages, Set. to be recovered in any of the courts of record at Wedminder. No Undue preference in the regidering, where rallies or orders are brought the fame day) nor if fubfequent orders are paid before others not brought in courfe, fo as money be referved for the precedent orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it (hall be judged more advifeable* the treafury may raife the faid fom by exchequer bills, indead of loans * tbe bills in fuch cafe to be made as thofe prefcnbed by the malt aft of this Jeffioo. All advantages and penalties in the malt aft of this feffion* relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorifed to be made forth* extended to this aft. The faid excheqifer bills, intereft, and charges, are to be paid out of tbe finking fund. Bank authorifed to lend tbe faid fum* not with (landing aft 5 and 6 Gul. & Marias. Tbe fum of 691,9771. 7 s. 9 d. Surplus of the (inking fund in the exdiequer on 5 April 1771; and 10,0001* xs. 6d. iq. remaining in the exchequer on 5 April 1771, and 89,6581* 16s. 9d. iq direfted by aft of laft fefiion; 400,000!. by aft 9 Geo. 3. to be paid by the Eaft India company $ and fuch monies as (hall be paid into the exchequer between 4 April 1771, and 5 April 1771, of the duties on gum (enega and gum arabic, charged by aft 5 Geo. 3. to be applied for the Service of:the current year. io,oool. out of the monies paid into the exchequer, on 5 April 1771, being the produce of duties referved towards expence of defending, Sec. the Bririth colonies in America* Sec. be applied towards making good the fum granted for maintaining the garrifons in the plantations, and for provifiens for the forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the Ceded Iflands. Appropriation of the fup-plies. The monies arifing by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, and' 691,9771. 7s. 9d. remaining in the exchequer on 5 April 1771, furplus of the finking fund; and 10,0001* is. 6d. 1 q. AirpluOesremaining on 5 A- . pril 1771 $ and 891658!*,16s. 9d. iq. remaining in tbe exchequer, and 400,0001. by aft 9 Geo. 3. and fuch monies as (hall be paid into the exchequer between 4 April 1771, and 5 April i77irof the produce of the dutiea on gnra fenegd and gum Arabic $ and 1,650,000b granted by this acx out of the finking fund, together with the refidue of the monies arifing from tbe fale of French prizes taken before the declaration of war) and alto fuch monies as his Majesty (hall direft, out of monies arifing by fale of Ceded lands in the* Weft Indies, viz. out of the aforefaid aids, 1,881,499). 18s* 7d. towards navalierviccsherein fpecified) 100,0001, towards paying oft the debt of the navy; 159,074! r6s. nd. for charges of the office of ordnance. 3c,443 1. 7d. to tbe faid office, for fervices performed in 1770* not provided for. 1,790,319!. 13 a. id. and one eighth of a penny, towards the land forces and other.fervices in general; of which 710,6191* 11s. 3d, for defraying the charges of 13,431 effective men. See. and 1101 invalids* for guards and garrifons* Set, in Great Britain* Jcrfey, and

Guern*



Anno undedmo Geokgzi J1L c. 49;	f 1770;

Guernsey; 4591170I. it. vid. and ooe eiebth of a penn^ for ftardt tad garrifons in the plantations, and Africa, Minorca, and Gibraltar, &c. and provifions for th^ forces abroad ; 45331* imt. ftd. to make good tk difference of pay between the Britifh and IrUh eftabliflunent, oftroops in the Ide of Man, Gibraltar, Minorca, and Ceded ifiands. 11,1911* 8s. 6d. tq. ior general and general ftalf officers; 117.8581. sot. to the reduced officers pf the land forces and marines; 12771. 15s. 5 d. to the two troops of horfe guaids, and regiment of horfe reduced; and to the fuperannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horfe guards; %q6% 1. 11 s. 8 a. to reduced officers, with the 10th company of battalions reduced j 6641. to thp pen-front of officers widows; 112,05!. to tbe out-penfioners of Chelfea Bofpi-tal j 359,9271. 7 d. » q. towards extraordinaij expences of the land, forces, and other ler*ices incurred, and not provided for. 1,800,000 L for difeharging exchequer bills of laRfeffion. 14,7001. to make good to his Majesty the like fum iflfued purfuant to the addrefTes of the booie of commons; 5796L iot. 5 d.fpr fupporting 1 he civil eftablifhment of Nova Scotia; 50861. for the civil eftabldbvnenr of Georgia; 43501, for the civil eftabfifhment of Ealt Florida; 6^col. for the civil efUbiifhment of Welt Florida; 1885!. 4s. for defraying expences attending funreys in North America. Not exceeding 13,000!. for repairing ana maintaining the forts in Africa. Not exceeding 63361, gd. aq. for fupporting the civil elfabiiihment of Senegambia. Not exceeding soool. for repairing the fort of Cape Coaft Cattle. Not exceeding 29701. for the maintenance, dec. of deferted young children, from 31 Dec. 1770, to 31 Dec. 1771. Not exceeding 17,0301. for defraying expences of children admitted before March 25, 8760.	2000I.	towards building a bridge crofr tbe Thames; 5000I. to

merchants trading to the Levant; 28,365!. 15s. 8d. incurred by the £afr India company, antecedent to the furrender of Manilla ; 60091 192. 3 d-to the province of Ntw Hampfhire, for provifions, &c. to tbe troops in '3756. 6918!. ts. for defraying ^xpence of new roads, &c. in the highlands of Scotland in 1771* 7991- its. id. (to be made good to bis Ms-jetty) paid to perfons in preventing the dittemper among horned cattle. 35,085]. 28. nd. to make good deficiencies in 1771* Tbe faid aids tp t>e applied only to the ufes before mentioned. Rules to he obferved in the application of the half pay. Aft io° Geo. 3. Rules to be obferved in tbe application of the furplus of the Turns appropriated to the payment of reduced officers. Aft 6° Geo. 2. Commiffioners of the treafiiry to direft the payment of the bounty formerly granted,

CAP. XLIX.

AnaS	to continue for a further , an A8 pajfed in the

Jitctb year of bis preftnt Majefty*s reigny , An Ad to prohibit the importation of foreign-wrought filks and velvets for a limited time and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the filk manufacture.

Preamble. XT THERE AS tbe law her tin-after mentioned hat by experience VV	been found ujefuland benefcial, and if near expiring; may

it pleaie your Majefty that it may b^ena&ed ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an ad, made in the (ixth year of the reign of A& 6 Geo.;, his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An ait to prohibit the importation of	foreign-wrought fills and velvets for a limited time; and for pre-

venting unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the filk

facture) ,which was to continue in force for five years, from the

four-

i77<>"1 Anno undecinoo Georgii III. c. 50,	£2*

fourteenth day nf June* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty* fix, mud from thence to tbe end of the then next feflion of par* liament, (hall be, and tbe fame is hereby further continued from further conti-the expiration thereof until the fourteenth day of June, one nued till June thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and from thence to the 'll** end of the then next feffion of parliament.

CAP. L.

An Aft for granting a bounty upon tbe importation of white \ oak ftaves* and heading* from tbe Bricifti colonies or plantations in America.

WHEREAS the allowing a bounty upon the importation of white Preamble* oak Jlavts* and heading for eafhs, from British colonies or plantations in America into this kingdom, under certain rejlric-tions, may tend to promote the trade and intercourse-of the fetid plantations with Great Britain, and Be a meins of fupplymg the manufacturers of cafks for tbe ufe of the brewert and di/titiers in this kingdom with fuch materials at more reafonable rates than they can at pro-fent be procured* as well as of faving great fams of money to his Ma-Jtfly's jubje&s* which are now expended for the purchofe thereof a-mougft foreign nations : may it therefore pleafe your moft excel-lent Majefty that it may be cnafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con* fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this ' prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven After 1 Jan. hundred and feventy-two, every perfon or perfons who ftiall, 177*1 perfont, within the time appointed by this aft, import, or caufe to be the. imported, into the ports of London, Southampton, Poole, Exeter, ed^^mp^tinr Plymouth* Brijlol, Liverpoole, IVh'ttehavtn, Glafgow, Leith, Hull, jnro the ports NeweaJUe* and Yarmouth, or either of them, direftly from any of London, of the Briti/b colonies or plantations in America, in any (hip or Southampton, (hips that may lawfully trade thither, manned as by law is re- ^nd and quired, any good, found, and merchantable ftaves, and heading merchantable of white oak, free from fap, wormholes, knots, and bites, of ftaves and the following dimenfiohs, of the growth or produft of the faid hea.dinS of colonies or plantations, (hall have and enjoy as a bounty or pre- ^owth of the mium for fuch importation, tbe following fums j that is to fay, .plantations,

For every one thoufand and two hundred (each hundred con- What bounty taining five fcore) of pipe ftaves, each ftave not being lefs than .the7 cn~ five feet fix inches long, from four inches and one-half of an ,oy* inch to fix inches broad, and two inches thick at the thinned edge, which (hall be fo imported from the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, to the firft day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-five, the fum . of fix pounds, and in the like proportion for any greater or lefs number.

For every one thoufand and eight fuch hundred of hogfhead ftaves, each ftave not being lefs than four feet fix inches long, from four inches and one-half of an inch, to fix inches broad,

and

If the collector, where the goods are imported has not money fufficient m his hands to pay the bounty, on certifying the fame to the com-miffioners of the cuftoms, f he fame to be

Anno undedmo GeorgII III. c.50.	[1770.

and one inch and one-half of an inch thick at the thirtnoft edge, which Stall be fo imported from and after the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two,totbe&rft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fivc, the fum of fix pounds, and in the like proportion for any greater or left number.

For every two thoufand and four fuch hundred of barrel Saves, each Save being three feet fix inches to three feet eight inches at the lead in length, from four inches to five inches broad, and one inch and onewulf of an inch thick at the thinneft edge, which fhall be fo imported from and after the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fevenry-two, to the M day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, the fum of fix pounds, and in the like proportion for any greater or lefs number.

For every three thoufand and fix fuch hundred pieces of pipe hogfhead and barrel heading, each piece of pipe heading bong two feet eight inches long, each piece of hogfhead heading being two feet four inches long, and each piece of barrel heading be* ing two feet and one inch long at the leaft, and each fuch re-fpedtive piece of heading being from five to fix inches broad, and two inches thick at the thinneft edge, which (hall be fo imported from and after the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feveoty-two, to the firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and feventy-five, the fum of fix pounds, and in the like proportion for any greater or lefs number.

For every one thoufand two hundred fuch pipe (laves; for every one thoufand eight hundred fuch hogfhead fiavei; for every two thoufand four hundred fuch barrel ftaves; and for every three thoufand fix hundred pieces of fuch heading as 1-bove described, which (hall be fo imported from and alter the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, to the nrft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-cight, the fum of four pounds: and for every one thoufand two hundred fuch pipe ftaves; for every one thoufand eight hundred fuch hogfhead ftaves; for every two thoufand four hundred fuch barrel ftaves; and for every three thoufand fix hundred pieces of fuch heading, as above deferibed, which dial! be fo imported from and after the faid firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, to the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, the fum of two pounds; to be paid on demand to the importer of fuch goods, by the colle&or of the port where the fame (hall be refpedively imported as aforefaid, out of any money in bis hands arifing by any of the duties of cuftoms on goods imported : and in cafe the collector of the cuftoms where fuch goods (hall be imported (hall not have money fufficient in his hands to pay the fame, he is hereby required to certify the fame to the commiffioncrs of {he cuftoms, who (hall caufe the fame to be paid by the receiver-general of bis Majeftyfs cuftoms the faid premium or bounty for the faid goods imported into England, 10

l77°*\ AnnoundcdmoGeoroii III. c.50.	223

ke paid by the receiver-general of the cuftoms in England; and p»M by therefor fuch at fliall be imported into Scothndy to be paid by the re-ccfvcr *ene' ceiver-general there.	ra ’

II.	Andy in order to intitle the importer of fuch goods to the boun- officers of the ty or premium granted by this ably and to prevent frauds by import- cuftoms, be ing foreign or other ftaves or heading not intitled theretOy be it fur- j°rc g°°^f ar« thcr enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may	m	!***

be lawful for the proper officer or officers of his Majesty’s cu- jntent to b«° ftonrrs, before fuch goods are laden on board any (hip or ve(Te! imported, in any of the faid colonies or plantations, with an intent to be imported into this kingdom, for the bounty or premium herein before granted, carefully to examine fuch goods, by fuch arc carefully means as he or they (hall think proper, to find out and difeover f.° ?xa™*jlc whether the fame in every refpedt anfwer the deferiprion herein uch sood<* before mentioned : and all and every perfon and perfons hnport- perfons lining any fuch goods into Great Britain as aforefaid, (hall produce porting fuch to the collector, comptroller, or principal officer of the cuftoms, 8°?* ‘"Jj® at the port of importation, a certificate, under the hand and p£3oce to feal of the governor, lieutenant-governor, collector of his Ma- the colledor jefty’s cuftoms, and naval officer, or any two of them refiding at the port of and being within the faid colonies or plantations, that before importation, the departure of fuch (hip or vfeflel the perfon or perfons loading fr)^^go-the fame had made oath before them, that the faid goods fo vernor, toe. (hipped on board were truly and bona fide of the growth and produce of ibme or one of the Britijb colonies or plantations in Amtritay and fpecifying the colony or colonies, plantation or plantations refpedtively, of which fuch goods is or are the growth or produce, (which oath the faid governor, lieutenant-governor and colledor of his Majesty’s cuftoms, and naval officer, or any two of them, are hereby authorifed to adminifter); and the faid certificate (ball alfoexprefs the number, quantity, qua- Certificate to lity, and fpecies of each fort of goods refpedively, and that the exprefs the fame had been examined by the proper officer or officers of the number, cuftoms before the (hipping thereof, purfuant to the directions of this ad; which officer or officers is and are hereby required ©f goodi? to certify therein, whether fuch goods, or any part thereof, are or are not made from white oak, and good, found, and merchantable, free from fap, wormholes, knots, and bites, and are or are not of the dimenfions and deferiprions herein before rcfpedively mentioned j and the mafter, or other perfon having the charge or command of the (hip or veflel importing fuch goods, (hall, on his arrival, make oath before the colledor, comptroller, or principal officer of the cuftoms, at the port of importation, that the faid goods fo imported were truly laden oa board his (hip or veflel, in one of the faid colonies or plantations, and are the fame goods as are contained and mentioned in fuch certificate.

III.	Andy for the bitter prevtnting frauds in the entering any ^officers of the the goods before menttonedy in order to obtain the bounty thereony be cuftoms, attar it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and entry, to may be lawful for any proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, ^ecxa^l^*»

after tioo.

X

/

«4

No gratuity to be demand-ed by officers for examining!

Tior for (ign-ing any certificates, for recovering the bbuftty.

If any ftaves, &c. of the produce ot the colonies be exported from Britain, Bounty to be paid by the perfons exporting the fame*

Perfons fraudulently exporting on board any (hip ftaves and heading, without paying the bounty, to forfeit the fame.

Collectors, &c. making falfe certificates, &c.

or if any ma iter, &c. (hall make any talfe oath concerning the identity of (tayes,

X

Anno underirao Georgii III. 0.50.	[177a

after the entry, and at or after the landing of Inch goods, to take (ample* thereof, in fuch manner, and in fuch proportion, as he or they (hall judge proper, to examine the fame ; and if, upon fuch examination, it ftteU appear, that in the whole quantity fo entered there are to the amount of ten pieces in an hundred that do not, in all refpe&s, anfwer the descriptions and dimen-fions herein-before deferibed, fo as to be intitled to the bounty herein-before granted; then, and in fuch cafe, no bounty (haU be paid or allowed for any part of the hundred pieces in which fuch deficient ten pieces (hall be found; and if more than twenty pieces in an hundred of the quantity fo entered (hall be found, on fuch examination, not to be intitled to the bounty; then, be-fides the lofs of the faid bounty, the importer (hall alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds5 to be profecuted and recovered as herein-afttr mentioned.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid, That no fee, gratuity, or reward, mall be demanded, taken, or received, by any officer of hisMajefty’s cuftoms for examining, viewing or delivering fuch ftaves and heading with refpeff to tbe premium or bounty allowed by this atft, or for the fignmgany of the certificates in order to the receiving fuch premium or bounty, or for paying the fame ; and any fuch officer demanding or taking fuch fee or reward, (hall, for fuch offence, forfeit his office, and be for ever after incapable of executing any office or employment under his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors.

V.	And be it further enadlcd by the authority aforelaid, That if any fuch ftaves and heading of the growth or produd of any of the faid colonies or plantations (hail be again exported from Great Britain, then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfons exporting the lame (hall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the col-le&or of the cuftoms of the port where the fame (hall be exported, or to the chief officer of the cuftoms there, the foil fum which is allowed as a premium or bounty by this ad on all fuch ftaves and>heading as he intends to export.

VI.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon, his, her, or their agent or agents, affignee or aifigns, (hall be found fraudulently to export or load on board any (hip, veffel, or boat, in order to be exported, fuch ftaves and heading without paying fuch premium or bounty to the chief officer or colledor of the cuftoms as aforefaid, fuch perfon and perfons (hall forfeit and lofe all fuch ftaves and heading, and double the value thereof.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any collector or comptroller of the cuftoms, or naval of? ficer, (hall make any falfe certificate; or if any merchant, trader, fa&or, or other perfon, (hall make any falfe oath with regard to the growth of fuch ftaves and heading; or if any mafter or commander #f any (hip or veffel (hall make any falfe oath concerning the certificate for or the identity of fuch ftaves and heading; or if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit any foch certificate, as is herein-before drafted to be made, in order to ob-

1770-] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.50.	225

tain any premium or bounty hereby granted; all and every fuel* or perfons perfon and perfons fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, counterfeiting (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds; and, if any fuch cate/to^obtain perfon fo offending (hall be,a colledor, comptroller, or naval the bounty, officer, or any other officer of the cuftoms, he (hall alfo forfeit to forfeit aool. and lofe his office, and be incapable of ferving his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors.	..	.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Forfeiture*in-That the feveral penalties and forfeitures by this a<51 inflided ^

(hall and may be fued for, profecuted, determined, and recover- covered'by*" ed, by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s plaint or in-courts of record at Wefiminjler, or the court of exchequer in Scot- formation. land, or in any of the courts of admiralty in his Majesty’s colonies or plantations in America refpedively, where fuch penalty

or forfeiture (hall be Incurred ; wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed;

IX.	And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid, Application That all penalties and forfeitures by this ad impofed, (hall, if of penalties, incurred in Great Britain, be applied, one moiety to the ufe of

his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall fue for the fame; and all fuch penalties and forfeitures as (hall be incurred, in any of the faid colonies or plantations, (hall be applied, one-third part thereof to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, one third part to the ufe of the governor of the colony or plantation where fuch penalty and forfeiture is incurred, and the remaining third part to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall fue for the fame.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Limitation of if any adion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or a&ons. perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, every fuch

adion or fuit, if in Great Britain, (hall be commenced within

fix calendar months next after the fad committed, and if any

of the faid colonics or plantations, within eighteen calendar

months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and

the defendant or defendants, in any fuch adion or fuit, may

pfead the general iffue, and give this act and the fpecial matter General iflue.

in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame

Was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad : and if

it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the

defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited,

or difeontinue his adion after the defendant or defendants (hall

have appeared ; or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdid,

or demurrer, againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants

(hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for Treble coftc.

the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other

cafes by law.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefiidj Difputes hoir

That if any doubt or difpute (hall arife, whether the ftaves and to be detcr-hcading, or any part thereof, fo to be imported or exported as mined, aforofaid* are of the growth or produce of any of the faid colonies or plantations, or of any other growth or produce; or if	*

Vot. XXIX.	P	any

Anno oiWlecimeGsoftGli tit. c.5t«	t*77°^

liny a&ion fhafl be brought by the owner or daitner of fcch goods, •gsinft any officer of the cuftotns, or any other perfon, for any thing clone in purfesmce of this ad, and any doubt or queftion, Ihall thereupon arife concerning the place or the growth or pro* dud of Rich goods, the onus probandi Ihall lie on die owner or tdaimer of fuch goods, or the pcrfon daitning the premium or bounty, and not on the perfon who feized or flopped the fane, or agamft whom fech adtion (hall be brought; any law,tnftom, Or triage, to the contrary notwithfbnding.

CAP. LI.

An a& for continuing feveral laws for the hotter regulation of lajtagc and bedaftage in the river Thames * for the fur« tker ptentjbment of perfons going armed or difguifei, in defiance of the laws of cufioms or excife, and for the landing of rum or Jperils of the Britifh fugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excife •, for repealing fo much if an aB faffed in the fixth year of the reign of King George the Firjly intituled, An ad for preventing the carriage of exceffive loads of meal, malt, bricks, and coals, within ten miles of the cities of London and Weftndnfter, n relates to the carriage of mealy malty and coals \ and Jot authorifing the exportation of a limited quantity of a inferior fort of barleyy called Bigg, from the port if Kirkwall, in the ijlands of Orkney, ttoambls.	TIT THERE AS the laws herein-dfter mentioned have, bj expm-

V V encey been found ufeful and beneficial, and are near expiri*i\ may it therefore pleafe vour Majefty that it maybe enadedf and be it enafted by the "King’s moft excellent majefty, by uni with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Aft 6 Geo. s. authority of the fame, That an aft made in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for the better regulation of Ullage and ballailage m the river Tbamesy which was to continue in force from the firft day of June, one thoo-fand feven hundred and thirty-three, for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which, by an aft made in the eleventh year of the-reign of hie Aft 11Geo.*.*™* Majefty, was further continued from the expiration

*	thereof, for feven years, and from thence to the end of the then Aft iSGeo. i. Mxt feflion of parliament; and Which, by another aft made m

*	the eighteenth year of the reign of his *feid late Majefty, wis further continued from the expiration thereof, for eleven yean,

and aft \% and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parlia-Geo. a. ment $ and which, by another aft made in the thkty-'fceond year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, was amended and far-further conti- ther continued until the twenty -fotiith day of Juney one thoo-sued, till fand feven hundred and Teventy, and from thenee to the end of Junes** *!**• the then next feffion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame ii

hereby

1J70*] Anno undecimo GeoRgii III. C.51J	227

hereby farther continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the end of the then nextfeflion of parliament*

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Afti 15 & id fo much of an aft made in the fifteenth and fixteenth year ofGco-»* the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled.

An aft to tmtewer the importers or proprietors of rum* or fpirits, of the Britifh Jugar plantations, to land the fame before payment of the duties of excife charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in warehouses at their own expence 5 and for the relief (/Ralph Barrow, in rejpeft to the duty on fome rock fait, lojl by the overflying of the ri-vtrs Weaver and Dane, as relates to the landing of rum, or fpirits, of the Britifh fugar plantations before payment of the duties of excife, and to the lodging of the fame in warehoufes, at the expence of the importers or proprietors thereof, which was to continue in force from the twenty-ninth day of September, on© thoufand feven hundred and forty-two, to the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which by feveral fubfequent afts of the twenty-third and and afts sj thirty-firft years of the reign of his late Majefty, and the fourth & 3* ^co* ** year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued Geo* until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven continue(j till hundred and feventy-one, and from thence to the end of the Sept.aj, 1771* then next feffion of parliament, lhall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twen- further con-ty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fe- t»nued till ▼enty-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion s*Pt*** *77 • of parliament.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

lo	much of an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign of Aft 19 Geo. his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An act for the further pumfhment of perfons going armed or iifguifed in defiance of the laws of cuftoms or excife, and for indemnifying offenders againft tbffe laws, upon the terms therein mentioned, and for the relief of officers of the cuftoms in informations upon feizures, as relates to the farther punifhment of perfons going armed or difguifed in defiance of the laws of cuftoms or excife, and to the relief of officers of the cuftoms in informations upon feizures, which was to continue in force for feven years, from the twenty-fourth day of one thoufand feven hundred and forty-fix, and from thence to the end of the then next felfion of parliament, and which, by feveral fubfequent afts cf the twenly-fixth and thirty -fecond years of the reign of his faid late Majefty, and the fourth year of his prefent Majefty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, cne thoufand feven hundred and fe-venry-one, anJ from thence to the end of the then next feflion cf parliament, (hall be, and the fame i thereby further continued from furt^€r the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September, nuC(j tijj one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and from thence Sept. >9.177$* to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

p 2	IV. And

ait	Anno	undecimo	Georgn III. c.51.	[3770..

A£t 6Geo. 1. * And whereas, by on aft made in the fixtb year off the reign of bis late majejly King George the Firft, intituled. An act for preventing the carriage of exceSive loath of meal, malt, bricks, and coals, within ten miles of the cities of London and Wejlmnfitr^ it is provided, that no perfonJbaU carry at one load in the Jaii cities* or within ten miles thereof, in any waggon or cart, having the wheels thereof Jbod or bound with tire or Jlreaks of iron, more than twelve facks of meal, each fack containing Jive bujhels, nor more than twelve quarters of malt, nor more than f even hundred and an half of bricks% nor more than one chaldron of coals, on pain that the per Jon offending therein Jball forfeit and lofe any one of the borfes, together with the gears, bridles, and halters therewith ufid, to any perfon who Jball Aft + Geo. 3. feize the fame: and whereas, by another aft tnade in the fourth year of his prefent Maieftys reign, for paving, cleanfmg, and removing annoyances in Weftminfter, and in the weekly bills of mortality, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, it is provided by a claufe in the faid aft, that no perfon Jball carry at any one load within the limits mentioned in the abbve-recitcd aft of the fixtb of King George the Firjl, in any waggon, or cart, having the wvcels thereof Jbod or bound with tire or Jlreaks of iron, more than one chaldron of coals with the ingrain thereto belonging, after the rate of one chaldron for every twenty cffaldrons: and whereas csnfiderable quantities of meal, malt, and coals, are carried from the faid cities into the country, and confederable quantities of meal and malt from the country into the faid cities, in waggons and carts, having the wheels thereof Jbod or bound with iron, within and from beyond the dijlance of ten miles from the faid cities, and many owners offuch waggons and carts, apprehending they were allowed to carry upon the turnpike roads near the faid cities the weights fixed by the aft pojfed in the feventh year of the reign oj Aft 7Geo. 3. his prefent Majejly, intituled. An aft to explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament the general laws now in being, for regulating the turnpike roads of this kingdom, and For o-ther purpofes therein mentioned, have fuffered the penalties in-Jlifted by the faidaftsof the fixtb year of the reign of King George the Firjl, for carrying greater quantities of meal, malt, and coals, than are allowed by the faid afts. .

V.	And whereas it will be more convenient to the publict, if the Aft 6 Geo. i. fad aft of the fixth of King George the Firft, fo far as it relates to the carriage of meal, malt, and coals, and alfo the faid clauft in the And claufe in faid aft of the fourth of his prejent Majejly, were repealed; be it aft4Qeo«3' therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of the faid aft of the fixth year of the reign of King 6 Geo 7*^ George the Firft, as relates to the carriage of meal, malt, and coals, and alfo the faid claufe in the aft of the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, Ihall be, and the fame arc repealed. hereby repealed ; and that all perfons who have offended in the matters aforefaid, againft the faid afts, or cither of them, and who have not been already profecuted to conviftion, (hall be, and are hereby, indemnified for what they have fo done.

Bigg of the VI. And whereas, a confidcrable quantity of that fpecies of barley9 growth of the commonly called Bigg, of the growth of the ifiands of Orkney, is now

in

-*77°0 Anno undecimo Georgii I1L C.52I	229

in the bands of the owners and occupiers of lands, in the faid ijlands, ifland ofOrk-which from its inferior quality is altogether unfit for any houfeholincy* i^x, if not permitted to be exported to Portugal, and other places * for the feeding of mules and horfes, (the only ufe this fpecies of grain is fit for) will be intirely loft to the owners: for remedy where-ofy be it enacted .by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, by order or orders, to be made in council for that purpofe, under fuch limitations by MaMa-and reftri&ions, as (hall be expreffed in fuch order or orders, jetty’* order, to permit and authorife the exportation of any quantity or quan- snaybeexport-tities of fuch barley or bigg, not exceeding five thoufand quar- ^dSng^ooo ters, of the growth of the iflands of Orkney, from the port of quartered Kirkwall to the kingdom .of Portugal, or elfewhere; any law or to the king-ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.	dom of Portu-

VII. Provided neverthelefs. That no bounty or a^owancc No bounty to whatfoever ihall be granted or paid, in refpelt of fuch barley or be paid for bigg, to be exported as aforefaid.	fuch barley fo

exported.

CAP. LII.

An act for repairings amending,, and fupporting the fevcral harbours and fea ports in the lfle of Man,

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the lfle of Man, from its fituation in the middle preamble.

of Saint George’s Channel, affords a convenient refuge for fhipSs in cafe of fudden and crofs gales of winds which frequently happen in tbofe narrow feas, and therefore the prefervation of your Ma-jeftfs Jbipsy and the inter eft of trade and navigation in general, require that the feveral fea ports and harbourj thereof, now vefted in' your Majefty) fbould be maintained and fupported in proper condition? and repair: and whereas the duties formerly impofed for. this purpofe by the ft atutes of the faid iflandy arofe almoft entirely from the contraband trade carried on there, which being totally fetpprcjfedfence the pur-chafe thereof by your Majefty, the fund for maintaining the harbours hasfailed, and they are become ruinous, and likely to fall entirely to decay, unlefs feme other funds are provided: now therefore, we, your Majeftf s moft dutiful and loyal Jubjefls, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled j and be it enadted by the King’s moft ex-t cellent Majefty, by and with the advice and ccnfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia- • ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all fums All fums le-of money that have been raifed, levied, collected, or paid, by vied by virtue virtue or all or any-the ftatutes of the faid ifland, for or on ac- ©ftfieftatute# count of the harbours therein, at any time or times from and after the (eventeenth day of May, in the year one thoufand fe- tl>e harbour ven hundred and fixty-five, (at which time the faid ifland be- therein, came vefted in his Majesty,) until the fifth day of July, in theater May 17# year one thoufand feven hugdred and feventy-one, and which or (hall have been paid into the hands of his Majesty’s re-p 3	ceiver-

tob« employed towards the repairs of the harbours in the dland.

After July 5, J7*I»

all rates and duties payable bv virtue of the ftatutes of the ifland, on account of the harbours, (ball determine.

In lieu whereof the rates followingtobe paid by all Ihips his Majesty’s excepted.

Anno undecimo Gbokoii III. c.52:	[177a

ceiver-general of the (aid ifland, or his deputy, (hall be by him or them, or under his or their dire&toa, immediately laid out or employed for or towards the repairs of the lcveral harbours in the laid ifland ; and the faid receiver-general or his deputy (hall forthwith tranfmit an account of fuch difpofal of the money to the cotnmiffionprs. of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being.	*

II. And (>c it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, in the year one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy-one, all and every the feveral and refpe&ive dues, rates, duties, and impofitions, granted or payable by virtue of all or any the faid ftatutes of the (aid iflands, for or on account of the harbours therein, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer due or payable; any thing therein contained, or any other law, ftatute, ordinance, cuftom, prefeription, or provifion, to the contrary notwithftanding: and inftead and in lieu thereof, there lhall be railed, levied, collected, and paid, for the purpofes intended by this prefent ad, of amending, repairing, keeping in repair, and fupporting the fc-vcral harbours of the faid ifland, the feveral and refpe&ive rater, duties, and impofitions'following, upon all (hips and veflels whatfoever, (his Majesty’s (hips and veflels, add others employed in his Majesty’s fervice, only excepted,) which (hall arrive in any of the harbours and bays thereof, and for and upon all goods and mcrchandifes hereinafter mentioned, imported or exported to or from the (aid IJle $f Man \ (that is to fay)

For every For every (hip or veflel belonging to any of his Majesty’s fub-Briufli (hip, jefls, which (hall arrive or put in to any of the harbours in riving hTany’ ls,id	not	being	laden,	or in balaft only, one penny

harbour, 1 <£ halfpenny per too.

For evCery°fliip For a^ ^uc*1 ^*PS an<* vc^$ being laden, or having any car-laden, »d. per go on board, whether they (hall break.bulk or deliver any part ton.	of their cargo or not, two pence per ton.

For every (hip and veflel which (hall be repaired in any of the the additional harbours, the additional fum of one penny par ton, over and fum of id. per above the rates aforefaid.

For every fo- For every foreign (hip and veflel which (hill arrive or put inreign Qiip, la- to any of the faid harbours, not being laden, or in balaft only, den or in ba- two-pence per ton.

laft,id.perton.	,

Everv foreign For every foreign (hip and veflel which (hall arrive or out into velPf, without any of the faid harbours, without breaking bulk or delivering 3person k> aay	cargoes, three-pence per.too.

wh^'fhai^51 For all fuch foreign (hips and veflels which (hall break bulk breakbulk,the and deliver any part of their cargo, the additional fum of two-additiooalfum pence per ton, over and aty>ve the rate aforefaid. of id..per ton.

For all foreign For all fuch foreign (hips and veflefe M (halt repair in any of ditwnaffum t*ic ^ h3r^°urs» additional fum of two-pence ptr \m 0-of »d per ton.vw iM above thp rates aforefaid.

For

1770.J Anno uodcamu vjeukuu ux. c.59.

For all foreign (hips and veflels anchoring In any of the bay* For foreign of the faid ifland, the Aim of two (hillings and fixpence for each veffrf* anchor* fhip or vcflcl.	inginanybay.

r	ss. 66. each.

III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforebid, Rates to be le-That there lhall be railed, levied, colle&ed, and paid* for the vied over tbofe purpofes aforefaid, (over and above all cuftoros, rates, and du- gj*ntedbyaa ties, chargeable upon the fame commodities refpcdtf vely, by any 7 co* 3* other a6t or a6ts of parliament now in force,) the feveral ana refpedtive rates and duties following, for and upon goods and mcrchandifcs imported into the fai d Ifle of Many by virtue of any licence granted, according to an alt made in the ieventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act for encouraging and regulating the trade and manufaftures of the Ifle of Man, and for the more eafy fupply of the inhabitants there with a certain quantity of wheat, barleyy oatsy mealy and floury authorifed by an adt made in this feffion to be tranfported to the faid ifland y that is to fay.

For and upon all fpirits imported into the faid ifland, two ** «d. per toa

(hillings and fixpence per ton,	?n fpjrit*

soi ported*

For and upon all tobacco, one (hilling and fixpence per hoga- u sd.pcrhbd* head.	on tobacco.

For and upon all teas, two (hillings per hundred weight. on tew CWt*

For and upon aU coffee, one (hilling per hundred weight. it. per cwt.

For and upon all wines, two (billings and fixpence per ton. «. «d. per ton

For and upon all foreign goods, (wines, fpirits, and felt, ex- o" foreign cepted,) ten (hillings per centum ad va/arem good*, to*.

For and upon all other goods imported from Great Britain or e*"t".

Ireland, (licenfed goods and (alt for the fifheries excepted,) a- and* irito™ bore the value of five pounds, the fiim of five (hillings per ten- good*. 51. turn ad valorem. per cent.

IV.	And whereas by the faidlaft-redted made in the	Bounties pay-

ytar of the reign of bis prefent Majefiy, the feveral and refpeftbe *ble Ge<b bounties or funis of money therein mentioned,, were dire fled to be paid 5‘ far the boats employed in the herring fifbety upon the teajls of the faid ifland, and to the mangfaftvrers of linen tloth there, by his recerver-gtntral in the faid Ifle of Mart, or bis deputy, out of the duties of ten JbiUingt payable to his	Majefty in the faid ifle, for and

upon every boat or other vejfel employed in the faid herring fijhtry, and out of the money arijing to bis Majefty from the feveral bay fijbtries of the faid ifland : and whereas feantly more than	part of the

fifbermen of the faid ifland have complied with the terms under which the faid bounties were granted, nor have they produced any advantage to the manufaftures of the faid ifland, flo that the fame have proved tfno effeft\ be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the palling of this prefent a&, all the hid to determine,

P 4	fc-	except thofe

, 232

allowed to the admiral, and water bailiff.

How the monies arifing from the bay fifheries, &c. are to be applied.

Commiffion-ers how to be clewed.

Commifllon-ers to make bye-laws and regulations.

Anno undccimo GeoRGH III. c. 52.	[1770;

feveral and refpe&ive bounties (hall wholly ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid to any of the perfons, in tKe faid laft-recited ait mentioned, (fave and except the feveral and relpeSive bounties, or fums of money, thereby directed, to be allowed and paid to the admiral, and to the vice-admiral of the faid herring-fifh-ery, for each feafon, and to the water bailiff of the faid ifland, or his deputy for their fuperintendance and infpedtion thereof;) and that the faid duties of ten (hillings, payable to his Majesty in the faid ifle, for and upon every boat or other vefiel employed in the faid herring fifhery, and alfo all the money arifing to his Majesty from the feveral bay fiiheriesof the faid ifland, after allowance made of the faid laft-mentioned bounties, and of the ufual and necefiary charges attending the levying and colle&ing the faid monies, (hall be applied by his Majesty’s receiver general in the Ifle of Man, or his deputy, to the repair and fup-portof the faid harbours, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and to no other ufe or purpofe; any thing in the faid laft-recited ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Andy for the better collecting and difpofing the feveral fums of money, and duties hereby made payable, and regulating the repairs and fupport of the Jaid harbours; be it enabled by the authority afore-laid, That the perfons hereinafter named for that purpofe, (hall be, and are hereby nominated and appointed commiffioners, and authorifed, from time to time, to put this aft in execution ; that is to fay, his Majesty’s receiver-general in the Ifle of Many his deputy, the collector, comptroller, and fearcher of the port of Douglas, the deputy, water bailiffs, of each of the other ports • of Derby, Haven, Peel, and Ramfay refpe&ively, for the time being, together with four creditable and fubftaotial merchants; that is to fay, one for and belonging to each of the four principal ports of the faid ifle before mentioned, to be eleded by the officers aforefaid, or the major part of them, which faid merchants, fo elected, (hall alfo be commiffioners for the pur-pofes aforefaid, for and during the term of three years, to be computed from the refpedlive times of their election ; and on the expiration of the faid term, or on the death or refignation of any of them, the reft of the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, (hall, from time to time, upon the firft Mon-4ay in the month of Oflober, in each year, eledt another fit merchant or merchants, of or belonging to the faid ports refpe&ive-ly, in his or their ftead, to continue in like manner, in fuch office or truft, and to have like power and authority as the per-fon in whofe (lead he was fo eledted, for and during the term of three years refpedlively from fuch election.

VI.	Which faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, (of whom his Majesty’s receiver-general in the Ifle of Man, or his deputy for the time being, (hall always be one,) (hall have full power and authority, and are hereby impowered and authorifed to make fuch bye-laws, orders, and regulations, from time to time, to bind all (hips and veflels, arriving at or cqm~

’V	4	,	.	'	..........

I77°*l Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.52;	233

ing into any of the harbours in the faid ifie,'and all matters, or other perfons, having the rule, management, or command, of fuch (hips or veflels, and to annex fuch reafonable penalties afc the faid committioners, in their difcretion, (hall think fit, fo as fuch bye-laws, orders, and regulations, be made agreeable to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, and be for the better putting in execution, and effecting the purpofcs thereof; and alfo for the better regulating (hips or veflels, with refpeCt to their lying, mooring, or tallatting, in the faid harbours, and for preventing the throwing any forts of rubbifh therein, or doing any annoyance to the fame, and fo as they do not contain any thing repugnant to the laws of this realm.

VII.	And it (hall and may be lawful for thefaid commiflion- CommWTton-ers, or the major part of them, (of whom his Majesty’s recei- tocontraft ver-general in the Ifle of Man, or his deputy for the time being, JJJj '

(hall always be one,) from time to time, to contract and agree pairing the" with any workmen, artificers, mafons, or other perfons, bona harbour*. fide, for the making and doing all or any part of the works ne-ceflary for the maintaining, repairing, cleanfing, enlarging, or improving, all or any of the faid harbours, or for timber, (tones, and .other materials, ncceflary for the purpofes of this s(Ct, or for * snaking any additional works or any land marks, fea marks, or other directions, they (hall judge to be requifite for the greater fafety of (hips coming into any of the faid harbours.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Receiver-ge-

That his Majesty*s receiver-general of the lfle of Man, be, and neral to apis hereby empowered to appoint one perfon at each of the ports P°int a ; of Douglas Derby, Haven, Peel, and Ram fay, in the faid ifland, port* VcollcCl to colleCt the harbour duties at the faid ports; and that they harbour du-fhe faid collectors refpeCtively for the time being, (hall have full tie* \ power and authority, and are hereby, impowered and authorifed and other du-to receive, levy, and colleCt the feveral fums of money and du- tieV . . « , ties herein before mentioned, and, for their trouble and expences ™ ccntUoutS,# therein, to retain and deduCt the fum of five pounds per centum of the faid out of all the faid monies fo collected.	monies.

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforcfaid, Collc&on to That it (hall and may be lawful to and for each of the collectors g° board aforcfaid, to go on board any (hip or veflel liable to the payment

of any of the duties by this aCt impofed, to demand, colleCt, and

receive the fame, and to take the dimenttons of every fuch (hip

or veflel, according to the rules of admeafurement, laid down

and fettled by an aCt patted in the fixth year of the reign of his

majefty King George the firft, intituled, An act for preventing

frauds and abufes in the publick revenues of excife, cuftoms, /lamp-

duties, pofi-office, and bovfe-mcney, and according to which rules

the feveral duties of tonnage (hall be computed and collected,

and not otherwife; and for nonpayment theteof, or of any fum For nonpay.

or fums of money due, or of any of the penalties impofed by the ment of du-

commiflioners as aforefaid, for refufal to give reave to fuch offi-

cer to go on board, or to take the dimenfions of fuch (hip ot'fackfeniilI

jreffcl, or for any other offences committed againft this prefenf payment is

J	aCt,	made.

*34

Two days after diftrefs made, collectors to caufe

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.ji. [1770.

ad,	it (hall and may be lawful to and for Ouch coile&pr or officer to take and diftrain any part of the tackle* apparel* and furniture, belonging to fuch (hip or veflel, and the fame to detain and keep until he or they be fatisfied, and paid fuch fum or funs of money as aforefaid, and every of them ; and in cafe of any negledt or delay in payment of any the fums of money, or duties incurred ap aforefaid, for the fpace of two days after any diftreis ^Vam^to'be 01 diftrefles fo taken as aforefaid, that then it (hall and may be appraifed. lawful to and for fuch colle&or or officer, to caufe the fame to be appraifed by two or more fufficient perfons to be from time to time, appointed for that purpofe by any two or more of the commiffioners aforefaid, and afterwards to fell the faid diftreft pr diftrefles fo taken and appraifed* or (o much thereof as (hall be fufficient to anfwer all monies due, and all charges arifing thereon, and therewith to fatisfy him or themfelves, as well for and concerning the fum or fums, or duty fo negle&ed or delayed to be paid, and for which a diftrefs (hall be (o taken as aforefaid, as alfo for his or their reafonahle charge in the taking or Keeping fuch diftrefs, rendering to the matter, or other perfons, having the rule or command of fuch (hip or veflel in or from • which fuch diftrefs (hall be fo taken, the overplus, if any there be ; provided that no fuch diftrefs (hall be made until fi* hours after demand of fuch fums of money or duties as aforefeid.

All fums to be X. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That applied to- all and every fum and fums of money which (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and received by the duties aforefaid, and for any the forfeitures or penalties to be recovered by virtue of this a#, other than fo much thereof as (hall be laid out and allowed to the collector or other neceftary officer for the collecting and managing the faid duty, and for the necefifary charges of recovering the fame, (hall be, by the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, of whom his MajeAy’s receiver-general in the IJk of Many or his deputy for the time being, (lull always be one, applied and difpofed of to and for the repairing, fccuring, preserving, and maintaining the faid harbours, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe wbaffoever, fave and except as hcrein-after is excepted; and every perfon appointed or employed to called! and receive any fums of money, or duties aforefaid, (hall within fix days after each of the four ufual quarterly feafts in the year, pay into the hands of his Majesty’s laid receiver-general, or his deputy, all fums of money by him or them levied, collected, or teemed, and at the feme time deliver a full and particular account therein Aims levied of in writing, upon the oath of fuch coUedor or receiver, before to the recei- two 0f the commiffioners aforefaid, which oath the feid commit ver genera. ploncrs are hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifter: and kept by°cem- thcre from time to time, be provided and kept by the laid miffioners for commiffioners* one or more book or books, in which all monies entering fums to he received by virtue of this act, and aH payments out of the received. feme (hall, from time to time, be fairly Cet down and entered, expreffing fevcftlly tk; tiqae when* and the i>aqae of the perfon

*	or

wards repairing rhe har-tpuss.

Collectors, within lix days after each of the four ufual quarterly ieaits, to pay

1770*] Anno nndedmo Georou IH. c.5».

or perfinu from or to whom the Came wtt To recthed f«U. ami for what ufc or jpurpofe fuch payment was made; nod finch boob fliaB be kept tor the purpofe afore (aid at the cuftom-hoirit of the port of Douglas ^ for the.infpcdionof all or aay of the laid commiffioners, at alt times during the ufual office-hours : and Cblk&ors re* all and every periba and perfons appointed to coUcA car receive fating to pay any the faid Aims of money or duties, who (hall negleft or re* “FW re“ fuse to pay the money fo by him or them received, or to render JSSr im no-' an account according to the dire&ions of the prefient a A, fhaH count, to for-forfeit and pay tbc fum of ten pounds for ever]? fuch offence; felt iol. and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid conuniffion- to be levied by ers, or any two of them, forthwith to levy the fame by diftrefs diftrefcaad and fak of fuch offenders goods and chattels, returning to the (ale* party the overplus (if any there be,) after deducting all reasonable expences attending fuch diftrefs or diftrefies; which faid and applied to penalty fhall, from time to time, be applied to the repairing and	***«

mainuining the laid harbours, as herein before directed. „ “arbours.

XL And whereat, at the time the property of the Iflc of Man After certifi-hresmt vefted in bis Majejiy, feveral Jums if money bad been borrowed cation by the upon tends, given by the fupervifors of the fea ports and harbours commiflion-therein3 for defraying the expences of repairing and amending thefamey £”bouri are in purfuanee of the powers to them given by the fiatutes of the Jmd put into re-ijland; and whereas fome part of the faid debts fo untra&ed yet re* pair, mains undifebarged, be it therefore enaAed by the authority afore-fod, That after it has been certified by the laid commifliooers, or the major part of them (whereof his'Majeftjr* receiver-gene* sal of the Ifie of Aden, or his deputy, (hall be one,) that the laid tea ports and harbours have been put into fufficient and good repair; it fhall and may be lawful for the kid commifliooers, XOool. to be by and with the confcnt and approbation of the commiffioners paid out of of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, to the furptiM of pay out of the furplus of the duties arifing and colleAed by virtue of this aA, a fum or Aims of money not exceeding one y thousand pounds, in difchargc of the principal money due upon the bonds given by the laid fupervifors as aforefeid; which fold bonds (hall appear to the faid commiffioners to be bona fide due, and to have been approved and contented to at the time they were given by the feveral perfons authorised by the fiatutes of that illand to give fuch content and approbation.

XII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall Proprietors of extend, or be conftrued to extend, to intitle the proprietors of bonds not in-the faid bonds to the receipt of any intereft now due or hereaf- |il|^to m~ ter to arife and become due thereupon, out of the furplus of thetc *

faid duties.

XIII.	And be k further enaAed by the authority aibrc&id, On Off. to, , That on the tenth day of Ofiober, in every year, the faid recei- annually re-ver-general (hall draw up, or caufc to be drawn up, and (hall

prefeot to the Aid commiffioners, a full account of all the re* [hecommif-eeipts and dilburfements of and for each particular port and bar- fioner* a full hour in the faid illand, and atfe a particular account of the true account of all JU* *od fondiripn «f ibtfint	mmI «f th# fewral

piers,

Receiver general to be allowed annually, not exceeding 30I.

All officers, &c. to take an oath, previous to their intermeddling with their offices.

All Turns to be paid, incurred, or recovered, to be fterling money.

, All a&ions commenced for recovery of penalties to be tried bv the water bailiff.

Preamble*

Anno undecimo GeoRGII III. c. 53.	[1770.

piers and works thereto belonging; which faid account the laid commidioners, or three of them at the leaft, (hall fign and tranfmit, with fuch obfervations thereon as they (hall judge to be neceftary, to the commidioners of the treafury, or the high treafarer for the time being; and it (hall (hall and may be lawful for fuch receiver-genera I, for his trouble and expence in the execution of this ad, and for providing a perfon to infpect and fuperintend the faid ports and harbours, to charge in his accounts, and the faid receiver-general (hall be allowed thereupon any fum not exceeding the Turn of thirty pounds in any one year, out of the feveral lums fo levied and colleded as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the aforefaid commidioners, the (aid receiver-general, and all other officers whatfoever, employed by virtue of this ad, in colleding, receiving, or difburfing any fum or fums of money, for the repairing or maintaining the faid harbours, or in fuper-intending or furveying the fame, (hall refpedively take in oath previous to their intermeddling with any fuch office or employment, for the due and faithful execution and difeharge thereof, according to the powers vetted in them by virtue of this ad, before any one or more of the deemfters, or civil magiftrates of the faid illand, who is and are hereby authorifed and'required to admjnifter the fame without fee or reward.

XV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all fums of money which (hall be paid, incurred, or recovered, in purfuance of this ad, (hall be deemed and are hereby declared to be fterling money of Grtat Britain, and (hall be paid, colleded, and recovered, to the amount of the value which fuch nominal fums bear in Great Britain.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all adions, fuits, or informations, which (hall or may be brought or commenced, for the recovery of any forfeitures and penalties incurred by virtue of this prefent ad, or for any o-ther matter or thing relating to the execution thereof, (hall be brought, profecuted, tried, heard, and determined in the court of his Majesty's water bailiff of the faid iftand, according to the accuftomed courfe of that court; and in cafe either of the parties conceive themfelves to be aggrieved it lhall and may be lawful for fuch perfon to appeal in the ulual manner to the court of chancery of the faid iftand.

CAP. LIII.

An act for widening the Highways in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS by an aft of the parliament of Scotland paffei in the year, one thoufand fix hundred and fixty-nin*, and /«-tituledy Ad for tepairing highways and bridges, it is enaftedy That the faid highways /hall be twenty feet of mtafure broad at leafty or * broader, if the fame have been Jo of before, and whereas by the law of Scotland, the making, repairingy and keeping, in repair, the high-ways% roads9 and bridges, within that, part of the united kingdom, ora

3	fut

*77°*T Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.53.	£37

put under the direfiion and management of the juftices of peace,and commijfioners offupply* within the feveralJhires and fiewartrtes reflectively* (except in fuch cafes where turnpike roads have, under the authority of fpecial afls of parliament* been made, and tolls granted therefore, and the fame by juch atts put under the management and direhion of certain juftices or commijfioners by theft afis named and appointed:) and whereas many inconveniencies andfrequent obflruflions to the free pajfage of the publick and moft frequented highways and roads have been occafioned by the narrownefs of thefe highways and roads: and whereas it would be of great publick benefit to that part of the united kingdom, that the jujlices of peace, and commijfioners offup-ply* in each Jbire and fiewartry refpetlively, and the trujlees and com-miffioners of turnpike reads* iflablifhed by fpecial atis of parliament* were impowered to widen and extend the highways and roads under their rejpeftive managements* where-ever they Jaw neceffary ouafion for Jo doing; may it therefore pleafc your Majefty that it may be enacted j and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, Juftices and and by the authority of the fame, That the juftices of peace, c°nimiffion-and commiffioners of fupply, for the refpedlive lhires and ftew- f”?he flares artries, and the commiflioners and truftees of turnpike roads, and ftewart-eftabliftied by fpecial a&s of parliament, within that part of net.

Great Britain called Scotland* (hall have power, and they arc to.ma*jc» Tt~ • hereby authorised and impowered to make, repair, clear, and extend, and to keep in good repair, after being fo cleared, tend the high* widened, and extended, the feveral highways and roads, under ways under their management and direction refpe&ively, fo as the fame (hall their direc-be in all places full twenty feet width of clear paftable road, ex- arc clufive of the bank and ditch on each (ide of fuch highway or be so feet in road reflectively.	width.

II.	And whereas it will be of great publick utility, that the Jaid highways and roads were* in particular places, fill further widened

and enlarged \ be it alfo enaCted, That the (aid juftices of peace, juftices, See. and commiftioners of fupply or the faid truftees, or commiflion- to order the ers for turnpike roads eftabli(hed by fpecial adts of parliament, or l.oads \° the majority of them, in a general meeting for thatypurpofe af- Cu* fembled, may order and direct the highways and roads afore-faid to be ftill farther widened and enlarged, in fuch places, and for fuch diftances as they judge tc^ be for the publick ben fit.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted That the Breadth of the breadth of the highways and roads fo to be widened and enlarg- ro*ds to be ed lhall not, at any place, exceed thirty feet, exclufive of tlieenfaV*eVnot bank and ditch on each fide, and that full fatisfadtion, to be af- to exceeded certained in manner herein-after provided for, (hall be made to feet.

the owners and leftees of the lands, for fo much ground as (hall be taken for the widening and enlargement of the faid highways tnd roads, over and above, and in addition to the prefent breadth, or the twenty feet width of ground, allowed by the laws now in being for the breadth of every highway and road.

IV.	And whereas it would greatly facilitate the making and re-

pairing

Ynftead of a

meeting appointed by aft 5 Geo. x»

Two general meetings to be held anno-ally.

Anno underimo Georgh III. c.$$*	[1770.'

fairing of tht highways and roads within that part of Great Britain coded Scotland, that the juftices of peace, and commiffioncrs offupply, within the refpeitive fbvres andftewartries, met more frequently^ and at the mofi convenient times and feafonsy be it therefore further e-na&ed by the authority aforefaid, That hereafter, inflead of the meeting appointed to be held by an a<ft made in the fifth year Of the reign of his late iriajefty King George the firft, intituled. An ait for amending and making'more ejfeilaal the laws for repairing the highway s9 bridges, and ferries in that part of Great Britain tolled Scotland, there (hall be held two general meetings in every year of the faid juftices of peace, and commiflioners of fuppiy, for the fpecial purpofe and bufinefs of the highways, roads, bridges, and ferries, within their refpeftive bounds; and, by the laws in being for the time, under their direction and management, the firft upon the fame day, and at the like place that the commiflioners of fupply of fuch (hires and ftewartries refpeftivdy are and (hall be directed by the land-tax adt of the year then current, to aflemble for the purpofes of afleffing the land-tax, and of chafing a convener, collector, and derk, and the feCond of the faid general meetings upon the fame day, and the like place that the freeholders of the faid (hires and ftewartries refpeftively aflembled at their Michaelmas head court annually ; and that the conveners of the (hires and ftewartries rc-fpedtively (hall, and they are hereby required to give the fame Smite^fach	no^0*8	for	thefe	two	general	meetings	of	tne	juftices	and

Aieeting*. commiflioners of fupply, as are given for ordinary general meetings of commiflioners of fupply within their refpedUve bounds. Juftices, $*c. V. And be it further cnaftea by the authority aforefaid, That totxtmiMB It (hall be in the power of any two or more juftices of the peace, commiflioners of fupply, within any (hire or ftewartry in •	/■» c# that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to examine and fur-

rey, or caufe to be examined and furveyed, the highways and roads, or any part or parts of them within fuch (hires and ftewartries refpeftively, and to order and direct that the laid highways and roads (hall every where be made twenty feet wide of clear paflfable road, exdufive of the banks and ditches upon each fide of the famej and in fuch cafes where it (hall appear to tho faid juftices and commiflioners to be for the publick benefit, that any part or parts of the faid highways and roads (hould be further widened and extended, or that fences of any kind whatever (hould be removed, for the purpofe of widening the laid roads, that they (hall (late their reafons in writing, and report the fame to the next or any following general meeting of the juftices and commiflioners tor the (hire or ftewartnr; and that if the faid juftices and commiflioners aflembled at (uch genera! meeting, or the majority of them, upon advifing the faid report, and after hearing all parties having an intereft, (hall be of opinion that it will be of publick benefit fo to widen and extend the faid highways and roads, or to remove fences, that the fame (hall be accordingly done, fatisfa&ion being always previoufly made in manner as herein after dire&cd to the owners and lef-

3	fcca

Conveners of fliites, fttc. to

177Q.X Anno Undcciaio Geough III. €.53.	dt&

fees of land, for fo muck ground us {hstl be taken to widen tad enlarge the faid highways and roads beyond and over, and a-bove twenty feet in width on the prcfent breadth of the road, if more than twenty feet wide, and for the lofe or damage the owner or owners of the land may (attain by removing fences, where fuch are to be removed.

VI.	Provided always, That it (hall be lawful to and in the Heritors or power of any heritor or occupier of lands through which the faid occupiers of highways and roads go, who may apprehend wrong to have knical^ee-been done by the faid twoor more juft ices and commiflioners in Purveying, examining, ordering, and directing as aforefaid, to iogs, appeal againft the fame to the firft or next general meeting of

the (aid juftices and commiffioners ; and that whatever they, or which frail ba the majority of them (hall determine upon, fach appeal (hall |>e final and conclufive.

VII.	Andbe it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That

in all cafes where the general meetings aforefaid, or the meet- *cra| mc€t.

ings of truftees or commiffioners for turnpike roads, eftahlilhed ings being of

by ads of parliament, are of opinion that it will be for the pub- opinion teat

lick benefit to have the highways and roads, or any particular ^ouitTbe fur-

parts of them, farther widened and enlarged beyond the breadth ther widened,*

of twenty feet, or the prefem breadth, if broader, or to% have frc.

fences of any kind removed or altered in widening of the (aid

roads, and that no agreement (hall have been made with the

wwner or owners Of the land where the roads are to be widened,

or wfcofe fences are to be altered or removed, application (hall

be made to the fheriff or fteward of the (hire or ftewartry within Application to

which fudh highways and roads Ire, to fummon a jury in order j£e fheriff to

to value the ground neceflary to be taken and ufed for fo widen- rummon a

ing and enlarging the highways and roads aforefaid, and the lofs piry to value

or dsrifiage enfuing from the altering or removing of fences; and the ground,

the faid Sheriffs and Rewards, and rite (heriffs and fteward«~dc~ &c*-

putt, and their fnbftitutes, are hereby impowered and required,

won feck application, to order intimation thereof to be made Intimation fe r .	rr	.	*	,	.	.	be made to

to the owner and owners, and immediate occupier or occupiers owacrgf ^

of the ground propofed to be fo taken in and ufed, and after- 9 wards to iffne a fummons in the ufual manner for calling together and impanoelling a jury, to confift of at lead feven, and not jury to be exceeding fifteen perfons in number, to examine into, and, after impanelled, (writ examination	report upon their oaths to the (heriffor fteward

the'Value of the ground fo to be taken and ufed for the widening and enlargement of the highways and roads over and above twenty feet in breadth, and the lofs or damage that will arife to the who are to af« owner or owners of the land by altering or removing of fences certain da-where that is propofed to be done, and thereupon to order and	'

adjudge payment of the value and amount of the lofs and da- ^dgVpay/ mage 46 ascertained to the owner or owners of the grounds, with ment.V fuch cofts as he or they may have been put to in the liquidation of the faid value ; and that upon fuch payment being made, and a discharge thereof lodged with the (heriff or fteward clerk, the

faid

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 54.	[1770.

faid juftices and commiffioners, or the faid truflees and commif-fioners, according aq the cafe may be, (hall from thencefonh have right, and be at liberty to take and ufe the ground fo valued and paid for in the widening and extending the highways and roads aforefaid, as fully and effectually ever after, to all intents and purpofes, as if the owner and owners of fuch grounds had executed regular difpofitions of the fame, and thereupon infefu ments had followed.

30 days notice VIII. Provided always. That thirty days notice at lead (hall to be given to be given to the owner and owners of the ground, fo to be valued, and of the fences intended to be altered or removed, of the day upon which the jury are to be impannelled for thofc purpofes; and that all proceedings and orders of (heriffs and ftewards in the premifes, made by virtue of this a£t, dull not be removesble or queflionable by bills or letters of advocation or fufpenfion to, or by any other court whatfoever, any law or ufage to the contrary notwithflanding.

IX.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the aToH’uppij’ commiffioners of fupply of every (hire and'ftewartry in Scotland to lay addi> aflembled, annually, upon the day appointed by a£t of parlia-tional aflWT- mCnt for the afleffment of the land-tax, (hall have power, and jnentoHums ^£7 arc *lcre*>Y impowered and required to lay an additional af-adjudged by* fcflment for the payment of fuch fum and fums of money as (hall tbe Iheriff, the have been for the preceding year adjudged by the (heriff or (lew-prcceding	ard in manner aforefaid to the owner and owners of grounds to

lcar*	be taken, and of fences to be removed or altered, for the widen-

ing and enlarging the highways roads, as herein before dire&ed, and to iflue precepts upon the collector and collectors for the payment thereof; and that in aH cafes where the ground fo valued, or fences altered or removed as aforefaid, (hall be taken or done, for the widening and enlargement of a turnpike road as eflablifhed by alt of parliament, that the money adjudged by the (heriff or fleward therefore (hall be paid by the coimniflion-ers or truflees of fuch road, out of the tolls arifing from tbe fame.

CAP. LIV.

An a£t for the better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, tbe New Square, Haydon-yard, Sheepy yard. Church Street, Little Church Street, other wife the Church Paflage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the pillages therein, or leading thereunto, in' the parifh of Trinity, otherwife Holy Trinity, in the Minoriet, in the county of Middlefex, within the liberty of bis Majefty'* tower of London i and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

owners of grounds and fences to be valued or altered.



CAP.

177°*J Anno undecimo GeoRGII III. c. 55.	241'

CAP. LV.

An a& to incapacitate John Burnett, Charles Hannington,

Thomas Hafclgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parfons,

Thomas Snook junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Robinfon, William Cheefman,

George Browne, John Parfons, John Curl, Frederick .

Dean, William Dean, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers,

Thomas Crowter, Thomas Pockney, Jofeph Dedman,

John Dean, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsflefh, John Purfe,

John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook ,

Richard Tilftone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers,

Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathaniel Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Afhman, William Cooter, Thomas Froft,

Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durrant, Emery Churcher, Walter Broad, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp, Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar, otbervoife Miller, William N e wnham, Jeffery Carver, Ran- •

- dall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman ' femor, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rufbridge, Henry Robinfon, and Henry Hannington, from voting at eleflion of members to in parliament, and for the preventing bribery and corruption in the eleBion of members to ferve in parliament for . the borough of New Shoreham, in the county of Suffex.

WHEREAS a wicked and corrupt	calling	itftlf the Preamble.

chriftian fociety, hath, for fevtral yein the borough a/-New Shoreham, in the county of Suffex, and confxjled of a great majority of perfons, having a right to vote at elections of members to ferve in parliament for the faid borough : and whereas it appears that the chief end of the infitution of the faidfociety was for the purpofe offelling, from time to time, the feat or feats in parliament for the faid borough : and whereas John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Thomas Hafclgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parfons,

Thomas Snook junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington,

John Robinfon, William Cheefman, George Browne, John Parfons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crowter, Thomas Pockney,

Jofeph Dedman, John.Dean, John Whiting, William Stevens,

' John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsflelh, John Purfe,

John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook junior, Richard Tilftone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell,

John Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathaniel Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Afhman,

Vol. XXIX.	Q.	-	William

44*	jE&nno	unacwno	iii#	c» 55c	L1??^-

William Cooter, Thomas Froft, Michael Smith, Richard Car—

' ver, Michael Durrant, Emery ChOrchec, Walter Broad, Richard Stonebatn*. James Beonett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp^ Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Mil— lar, otherwife Miller,. William Newnbam, Jeffery Carver, Ran-* dall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dcdman fenitr9 William Jennings, William Hferds, Thomas Gear, William Rufbridge, Henry Robinfon, and Henry Hannington, were members of the faid Jociety: m or dir therefore to pnvtrtt fact Unlawful pra&ices for tbi future, and that the/aid borough from henceforth be duly represented in parliament, be it enabled by the King’s naoft excellent raajcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid John Burnet/, Charles Hannmgttm> Thomas Hafelgrevfy Ralph Moor, Thomas Par/onSy Thomas Snook junior, Thomas Hanmngton, John Han-nington, John Robinfah William Cbeefemauy George Browne, John Parfonsy John Curly Frederick Dean, William Dtat1, Samuel Tuppeny John Sawyersy Thomas Crowter, Thomas PockneyT Jofeph Dedmm, John Dean, John Whiting, William Stevensy JohnBawcomb, Robert Parker, John HogsfUfhy John Purfey John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook junior, Richard Tiljtcne% William Turner, Walter Sawyer, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, John Woody Friend Darnely William Gratwicky Nathaniel Hillmany Thomas Roberts9 John jffb-many William Cootery Thomas Frojiy Michael Smithy Richard Carver, Michael Durranty Emery Churcher9 Walter Broody Richard Stonehamy James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp9 Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchelly James Millar, other-wife Miller, IVilliam Newnhatny Jeffery Carver, Randall Button% James Carver, John Martiriy John Dedman fetlior, William Jen-ningSy William HardSy Thomas Geary William Rujbridge, Henry Rjobinfony and Henry Hanmngtony (hall be, and by virtue of this ad are, from henceforth, incapacitated, and difabled from giving any vote at any election for the chufing a member or members to ferve in parliament.

Freeholders, II« And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That above *1 years from henceforth it lhali and may be lawful to and for every fircc-of age, of40s. holder, being above the age of one and twenty years, who (hall tided*!© vote. *lave w**hin [he Rape of Bramber, in the faid county of Suffue, a *	*	freehold of the clear yearly value of forty (hillings, to give his

vore at every election of a burgefs or burgefies to ferve in parliament for the faid borough of New Shoreham.

Right of elec- H And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That tion in whom the right of eledion of a member or members to ferve in parlia-vefted. ment for the (aid borough of New Shoreham (hall be, and is hereby declared to be, in fuch freeholders as aforefaid, and in the perfons who, by the cultom and ufage of the faid borough, have, or (ball hereafter have, a right to vote at fuch ele&ion, thofe whofe names are mentionevl herein, and. incapacitated and difabled by this adt, only excepted; and the conftable, or other gropes ojjker for the time being, to whom the return of &ch writ

or

*43

1770.3 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c, 55.

or precept does belong, is hereby required to return the pprfon or perfons, to ferve in parliament for the faid borough, who fhal! have the major number of votes of fuch freeholders and other perfons having a right to vote at fuch election, (except fuch perfons as are herein before excepted ;) any law or ufage to the contrary notwiihftanding.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,That Freeholders, every fuch freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at any elec- before admit-' tion for the faid borough, lhall, if required by the candidates, [^e^h^fol-0 or any of them, or any other perfon having a right to vote at i^ing* °" the faid election, firft take the Oath, (or being one of the people called quakers, the folemn affirmation), following 5 videlicet,

XO U /ball/wear, or, being a quaker, folemnly affirm, That you Oath. are a freeholder in the Rape of Bramber, in the county of x, and have a freehold e/lofe, confijling of

(fpecifying the nature thereof, and if it confifts in meffiiages, lands, of tithes, in whofe occupation the. fame are, and if in rent, the names of the owners or poffeffor* of the tenements, out of which fuch rent is ifluing, or of fome of themj,

ting or being at	within	the	Rape of

ramber in the county of Suflex, of the clear yearly value of forty /billings, over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in re-fpeft of the fame \ and that you have been in the aftual poffieffion or receipt of the rents and profits thereof for your own ufe above twelve calendar months, (or that the fame came to you within the time afore-/aid, by defeent, marriagey marriage-fettlement, devife, or promotion, to a benefice in a church, or by promotion to an office); and that fuch freehold ejlate has not been granted or made to you fraudulently, on purpose to qualify you to give your votej and that the place of your a-bodt is at	•	in

and that you are twenty-one years of age, as you believe j and that you have not been polled before at this election.

Which oath^or folemn affirmation, the conftable, or other proper officer to whom the return of any writ or precept for fuch election (hajl belong, is hereby required to adminifter: and in cafe any freeholder or other perfen, taking the faid oath or affirmation hereby appointed, (hall thereby commit wilful perju- Perfons guilty ry, and be thereof convifted; or if any perfon (hall unlawfully of perjury,dec. and corruptly procure or fuborn any freeholder or other perfon <°thc to take the faid oath or affirmation, in order to be polled, where-by he (hall commit fuch wilful perjury, and (hall be thereof	y

convifted, he and they, for every fuch offence refpedtively, (hall incur fuch "penalties as are inflidled on perfons guilty of perjury, of fubornation of perjury, in and by two adlsof parliament, one made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, (intitu- Aft 5 Eliz. led, An act for punijbing fuch perfons as jhall procure or commit wilful perjury, or fuborn or procure any perfon to commit any wilful or corrupt perjury) ; and the other made in the fecond year of his late and ^ Gco Majefty’s reign, (intituled, An act for the more efftftual prevent- %%	5

<1.2	ing.

Con (table to back a precept the day of the receipt thereof.

The a& to be read publick-

iy-

Artrto underimo GeorGii III. c. 56—58.	[*770..

ing, And further puntjbment of forgery, perjury, andfubornation of* perjury, and to make it felony to Jleal bonds, notes, or other fecuritto-jr for payment of money), contrary to the faid afts.

V.	And be it further enadtcd by the authority aforefaid,Tha.t fuch conftable, or other proper officer, to whom any writ or precept (hall be directed for making any eledion for the faijl borough, (hall, upon the reception of fuch writ or precept, indorfe upon the back thereof the day of his receipt thereof, in the pre— fence of the party from whom he received fuch precept; and (hall forthwith caufe publick notice to be given within the faid borough of New Shoreham, and at the towns of Bramber and Steyningj in the laid county of Suffix, by fixing up a notice there* of in writing, on the market-houfes, or on the doors of the churches of the faid towns, of the day of election ; and (hall proceed to election thereupon, within the fpace of twelve days, and not lefs than eight days, next after his receipt of the fame precept.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority, aforefaid. That this a6t (hall be publickly read at every ele&ion for the faid borough of New Shoreham, immediately after the a&s directed by any a& of parliament to be read thereat, and before the perfons prefent (hall proceed to make fuch election.

CAP. LVI.

An a£t for divefiing out of the crown, and to veft in Gerald Fitzgerald of Rathrone, in the county of Meath, in the kingdom of Ireland, efquire, and his heirs, the reverfion in fee of and in feveral lands in Ireland therein mentioned.

CAP. LVII.

An aft to continue and render more effectual an paged in the ninth year of his prefent	,	for	repairing	the

roads leading from the turnpike road in Tring, in the county of Hertford, through Dunftable, Hitchin, Bald-ock, and Royfton, to the turnpike road at or near Bournbridge •, and from the weft end of Wellbury Lane to the turnpike road at the foutb end of Barton, in the counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge j fo far as the fame relates to the repairing the roads in the .Royfton	dijtrift of roads, in the faid aft particularly mentioned.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the Jecond year of the reign of his prefent	,	intituled, An act for repairing and widening the high road leading from the north end of Ballingdon Bridge in Sudbury, in the county of Suffolk, to the foutb gate in Bury Saint Edmund’s, in the faid county.

177°.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.59—54.

CAP. LIX.

An aft to	impower Charles Fitz Roy	to	cer-

tain footpaths in the parijh of Sainc Pancras, alias Kent-ilh Town, in the county of Middlefex, and to oblige him to make and keep in repair for the future a foot-path in lieu thereof.

CAP. LX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of bis prefent

tuled, An act for repairing feveral roads leading through the county of Selkirk.

CAP. LXI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an , made in the	feventbyear of	the reign of bis prefent	for

repairing and widening the road from Spernal Alh, in the county of Warwick, to a ftreet called Digbeth, in the town of Birmingham.

CAP. LXII.

An aft to explain, amend, and render more	an	aft made in the eighth year of bis prefent	reign, in-

tituled, An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the Firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Catron, in the county of	Stirling,to the Firth or river of Clyde, at or near a

place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county, of Dumbarton $ and alfo a collateral cut from the fame to the city of Glafgow; and for making a navigable cut or canal of communication, from the port and harbour of Borrowftounnefs, to join the faid canal at or near the' place where it will fall into the Firth of ,

•CAP. LXIII.

An aft to continue and render more effeftual an aft made in the feventeenth year of the reign of bis late Majefy, for repairing the road from the end of Middleton Tyas Lane to Greetabridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the north riding of the county of York. ,

CAP. LXIV.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made in the twenty-fixtb year of bis late Majefy, for repairing cindwidening the road from the town of. Tadcafter, <L3 '	through

Anno undetitno GEORGII 111. C.65--69. £1770. through Collingham, Harewood, Arthington, 2nd Pool, to the town of Otley, in the weft riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXV.

An	aff to enlarge the term and powers of an off, made in the

twenty-fifth year of bis late Mfor repairing the road from Knarefbroiigh, in the county York, by Longflatt Lane, Gouldfbrough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton, Maule-verer, and Scate Moor, to Greenhamerton, in the fame county; and for making the fame a high carriage road.

CAP. LXVI.

Anaff to enlarge the term and powers of an aff, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing the road from the city York, over Skipbridge (o Boroughbridge in the county York.

CAP. LXVII.

An aff to oblige the company of prbprietors of the Birmingham canal navigation to complete the faid canal to a field called Newhall Ring, adjoining to the town Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, within a limited , and to maintain and keep the fame free and open far the paffage of boats, barges, and other ixflels.

CAP. LXYI1I.

An aff for repairing and widening the road from Collingham, through Wetherby, to the city of York.

CAP. LXIX.

An aff for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aff of the ninth year of his prefent Majefty*s reign, for repairing the road from the turnpike gate in the townfbip of Greenfield, to the north limits of the townfhip of Moftyn j and from Moftyn to Heullar^ i from Llanerch y Mor to Pen y Ffordd Waen, in the counties of Flint and Denbigh -, and for extending the faid aff to other roads in the faid counties, and the county of Carnarvon -, and for taking feveral roads within the faid counties cut of the power of the truftees appointed by two feveral affs of parliament of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of his late Majefty; and for putting the faid roads under the direffion of the truftees appointed by the faid former and this prejent aff. .

CAP,

177°-] Anno undecimo GeoRGH UL c. 70*—76.

CAP. LXX.

to continue and render mare	feveral alls for

repairing the highways between the Bear Inn in Reading and Puntfield, in the county of Berks, and other roads in the j,'aidalls mentioned •, and for repairing feveral 0-tber roads in this all mentioned.

CAP. LXXI.

An all for repairing and widening the road from the Low-water Mark of the river Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the parifh of Elloughton, in the eaft riding of the county ofYork, to the north end of the town of Brough, and from thence through South Cave to Coney Clappers, in South New bald Holmes, tn the faid riding.

CAP. LXXII.

An all for draining and preferving certain feu lands and low grounds in the partfhes Stoke Ferry, Northwold, Wretton, We re ham. Weft Dereham, and Hexham, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LXXIII.

An all for amending,	wideningand altering the

road from the bottom of Galley Hill, near the town of Witney, to the crofs /#Clanfield,	the county of Oxford.

CAP. LXXIV.

An aS to	continue and render more	effeHual three , made

in the twelfth year of King George the Firft, and in the eighteenth and thirty-firft years of bis late	,	for

repairing the roads from Birmingham, through Warwick to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, the county of Warwick, fo far as the fame relate to the road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the faid county.	>

CAP. LXXV.

An all for.making a navigable cut or canal from Chefter-field, in the county of'Derby, through or near Workfop and Retford, to join the river Trent, at or near Stock-with, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. LXXVI.

An all for repairing and widening the road leading from

Q^.4.	Pe-

*4*

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 77—81.	[1770.

Peniftone Bridge, in tbe county of York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the county 0/Derby; and the roads fever ally leading from Bamfbnd Wopdgate, over Yorkfhire Bridge, to the	guide-poft on Thornhill Moor, to or near tbe

eighth mile-fone on Hatherfage Moor, and to the village ' of Darwent, in the faid county of Derby.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for repairing and widening feveral roads leading to tbe town of Lantriflent; and tbe road leading from Newbridge, to. a place called The Old Furnace all in the county of Glamorgan.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An aft to enable the corporation of tbe	,	bailiffs^

and commonalty of tbe company of confervators of tbe Great Level of tbe Fens, called Bedford Level, to complete and maintain tbe principal banks and works neceffary to the well-draining and preferving tbe North Level,

" part of the faid Great Level, and for laying taxes upon tbe lands within tbe faid North Level, and on divers lands adjoining thereto, in tbe manor of Crowland.

CAB. LXXIX.

»

An aft to enlarge tbe term and powers of fo much of an aft made in ' tbe twenty-fourth year of tbe reign of King . George tbe Second, as relates to tbe repairing tbe road from Cramond Bridge to tbe town of Queensferry, in the county of Linlithgow.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for enlarging tbe term and powers of feveral afts made for repairing and amending that part of tbe road leading from a certain place called tbe White poll: on Al-conbury Hill, in tbe county of Huntingdon, to Wands-ford Bridge, in tbe faid county, called tbe North Divi-fion of the North Roadj and for repairing the road lead-ingfrom Stilton, in tbe faid county of Huntingdon, to the city of Peterborough, in tbe county of Northampton.

CAP. LXXXI.

An aft to enlarge tbe term and powers of an aft made in tbe twenty-fourth year of King George tbe	,for repair-

ing tbe road leading from Weft Lavington to tbe

De-

i77°*1 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 82—87.

Devizes,	and from the Devizes to Seend, in the county

ofWilts.

CAP. LXXX1I.

An ail to enlarge the term contained in two	of

parliament yand to repair,	, and amend the road

• from the guide poft at the wefterly end of Newton Lane, within the townjhip of Manchefter, in the county palatine of Lancafter, to Aufterlands, in the of Saddle-worth, in the county of York.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An ail to enlarge the term and powers of an ail madeJn the eighteenth year of King George the , to repair the road leading from Tadcafter Bridge, within the county of the city of York, to a place near the faid city, called Hobmoor Lane End.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An ail for	repairing,	widening, , and altering the

road from the market-boufe in the town of Great Far-ringdon, in the county of Berks, to Burford, in the county of Oxford.

CAP. LXXXV..

An a8 for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Peebles to /^King’s Eatedge, and to Gatehope-know Burnfoot, and to the top of Minchmoor, and to Loch-head, in the county of Peebles.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An ail for repairing and widening the road from Stone to Lane End; and to the road between Leek and Sandon on Meir Heath, and from thence to Blythe Bridge; and alfo from Meir to Trentham, and from theme to Stable-ford Bridge, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXXXVIL 'An ail for repairing and widening the road from Shelton to the	road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Buck-

nail to Wefton Coyney; and from the road between Cheadle and Leek to the turnpike road above Frogall Bridge; and from the fame road to the road between Blyth Marlh and Thorp, at or near RuehiU Gate itf the county of Stafford.

CAP.

Anno undecinooGeorgii III. c. 8S-—92.	[ 1770.

CAP. LXXXVUI.

An all to continue and render more effectual two afis in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the e/nd the nineteenth year of the reign of bis tote for repairing the road from Market Harborougti to Loughborough, in the comity of Leieefter; and for pairing, widening,turning, and altering the road branching out of the aforefind road, at a catted Filling Gate to a road called the Fofs Road, and from thence to the turnpike road leading from Mekon Mowbray, to the guide poft in Saint Margaret’s Field, Leieefter.

CAP: LXXXIX:

An act for making a navigable cut or canal from Bradford, to join the Leeds and Liverpoole canal at Windfall, in the townjbip of Idle, in the county of York.

CAP. XC.

An att to enlarge the term and powers of an ail made in the twenty -fifthyear of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Livingfton, by the kirk of Shotts, to the city of Glafgow, and by the town of Hamilton to the town of Strathaven, and for repairing and widening the road leading from the confines of the county of Air, at or near Lochgate, to the town of Strathaven in the county of Lanark.

CAP. XCI.

An all to enlarge the term and powers of three alls,

the twelfth year of King George the Firfi, and tbs nineteenth and	twenty-fixth years of his late Majefiy, for re-

pairing the road from Liverpoole to Prefcott, other roads in the county palatine of Lancafter, and for amending the road from the caufeway at Blacklow Brow, to the caufeway leading from Prefcot to Liverpoole, and alfo through Lime Kiln Lane, to Ranelagh Houle, in Liverpoole aforefaii.

' CAP. XC1I.

An all for enlarging and altering the terms and powers

veralalls, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Firfi, and in the twenty-firfi year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads lead-

*77°*] Anno uodecioio Georg u HI. c. g j—gS.

rng from* the town of Bromfgrore ta the town of Dud Icy, in the	county of Worcefter;	from the find town of

ftomfgrovc to tbt town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick; fa for as the fond ails relate to the repotting of tbt roads leading from the find town of BirnuBglsan to the find tenon of Bromfgrave.

CAP. XCUL

An ait for repairing and widening the road from Patrick’s Crofs, within the town of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancafter,	to the town of Prefton, in	the fame

county palatine.

CAP. XCIV.

An all for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Vinehall in the parijh of Mountfield, in the county of Suilex, to Cripp’s Corner, and from thence to Staple-crols, and to the turnpike road near the windmill in the parijh of Beckley, and from Staple-crofs to Longley’s water corn-mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripp’s Corner to the town ^Rye in the county*

CAP. XCV.

An ail for repairing and widening the road leading from Wem, in the county of Salop, to the lime rocks at Bron

. y Garth, and feveralother roads in the counties of Salop and Denbigh.	'

CAP. XCVI.

An ail for	repairing,	widening, and keeping in fe-

ver at roads leading from Tavernfpite to the towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberfton Haking, in the county of Pembroke.

CAP. XCVII.

An air for amending and widening .the road from Beilel-fleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the county of Berksj and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the county of Wilts; and from the turnpike road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red Houfe upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lamborn, in the faid county of Berks.

CAP. XCV1II.

An ail for repairing and widening the road from Hodges

to

Anno undecimo GeoRGH III. c.99.	[1770.

' to Beadles Hill, and from tbence to the town of Cuck-field,	and from Beadles Hill aforefaid to the town of

Lindfield,	and from the turnpike road between Cuck field

and Crawley, to the town of Horfham;	the

road from S wingate, in the parijh of Burwafb,	Shover

Green, in the parijh of Ticehurift, all in the county of SufTex.

CAP. XCDL

An a8 for repairing and widening the roads firm Hand Crofs	to Corner Houfe, and firm tbence to the turnpike

road leading from Horlham to Steyning, and from Corner Houfe aforefaid to the	in	tbe	town of

Henfield, in the county of SufTex.



THE

Statute* at iajcge.

Anno duodecimo Ge o r g i i III. Regis.

Being the FIFTH Seflion of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain*

BY

DANBYPICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Efqp

Voi. xxix. paetH,

9

THE

STATUTESat Large, &c.

Annoregni GEORGII III. Regis, Magna Bzitannice, Franciee, & Hibernia, duodecimo.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weft-minfter,. the tenth day of May, Anno Dom.

1768. in the eighth year of the reign of our reign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, , defender of the faith, &c. Andfrom thence continued by feveral prorogations to the fwenty-firjl day of January, 1772; being the fifth fejfion of the thirteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An all to continue and amend an att made in the laft of parliament, intituled. An adt to continue the prohibition of the exportation of com, grain, meal, flour, bread, bifcuit^ and ftarch •, and alfo of the extraction of low wines and fpirits from wheat and wheat flour, for ' a further time; and alio to prohibit the exportation of malt for a limited time.

WHEREAS on att was made in the lajt	of parliament. Preamble.

intituled. An aft to continue the prohibition of the exportation of corn, grain, meal, flour, bread, bifcuit, and (larch $ and alfo of the extraction of low wines and fpirits from wheat and wheat flour, for a further time ; and alio to prohibit the exportation of malt for a limited time;	att was to

. continue in forte until the twentieth day. after the commencement of the then next fejfion of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the feud att	Jbould be continuedfor a further time; May it therefore

pleafe your Majefly, that it may be enaCted j and be it enstdted Voi. XXIa. Part II.	B	by

£	Anno	duddccimo Georgii III. C i. [1772:

by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, Act 11 Geo. j. ^ ihis prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of nnedTiUthe* t*ic that the faid aft (hall be, and the fame is hereby fur-*oth day after ther continued from the time therein limited for the expiration the com- thereof, until the twentieth day after the commencement #f thto mencement of ncxt feflion of parliament.

InMfeany U* And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-pcrion on faid. That, in cafe any mariner or other perfon on board any board (except (hip or veffel, (other than and except the mafter or perfon hav-nV^cr) ing the charge or command thereof,) wherein any corn, grain, anofFenwto mca*> mah» ^ury bread, bifeuit, or ftarch, (hall be exported con-the com mi f- trary to the intent anch meaning of the faid recited a St hereby lioners, &c. continued, (hall difeover any fuch offence to the commiffioners, ot. cuitoms, qc any officer of his Majesty’s cuftoms, within the fpace of five monthsaftcr mont*ls afar fuch offence fhali be committed, fuch mariner or the offence, other perfon, (except as aforefaid) making fuch difeovery, (hall, fhali be in- as an encouragement, have, and be intitled to receive, one ritkd to one third part of the net money, which (hall be recovered and paid netmoney^e-means of fuch difeovery; after deducing, from the money covered by recovered, the charges of profecuting for and recovering the means there- fame; and one other third part thereof (hall be to the ufe of his of$ after de- Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors; and the other third part to nesof pro-*** °®ccr or officers of his Majcfty's cuftoms, as fhaJl fue and ^curing. ’ jprofecute for the fame.

One third part thereof to his Majesty’s ufe; and the other to the profecotor.

Claufes in a& III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

xi Geo. 3. in- That the claufe or claufes in the faid a<2, inflicting penalties on

Aiding penal- all diftillers or makers of low wines or fpirits, who (hall have

ties on makers jn thcjr cuftody or poffeffion more than five quarters of wheat

&c.°W Wlne,, or wheat flour, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to

any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits who pra&ifes the

Not to extend °f a miller, and who was poflefled of, and worked any

to millers. mill or mills for grinding of wheat, on or before the firft day

of 0&obery one thousand leven hundred and feventy-one,* for or

upon account of any quantity of wheat or wheat flour which

✓ fhali at any time, during the continuance of this a&, be found

in any fuch mill or mills5 any thing therein contained to

the contrary notwithftandiog.

Continuation IV. Provided neverthelefs. That the (aid continuation may

snay be a- be abridged or fhortened, and the faid aCt, or any part thereof,

n»Y be altered and varied, by any other aft or afts to be mads panntaxent. ^ ^ pfcfcat feffion of parUamc«t.

1772]. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.26;	g

CAP. II.

An aft to continue for a further time an aft made in the eigtbtb year of his prefent Majefty9 s reign, intituled. An aft to continue and amend an att made in the fitch year of the reign of his prefenc Majefty, intituled. An act for the importation of falted beef pork, bacon, and butter* front Ireland, for a limited time \ and for allowing the importation of falted beef porky bacon, and butter, from the Britifh dominions in America, for a limited time.

WHEREAS on aft was made in the fifth year of bis prefent Preamble.

Majefly's reign, intituled,An adl for importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time: Aa5Gco*1» And whereas an aft was made in the eighth year of his prefent Ma- aa.g jefifs reign, to continue and amend the faidfirft-mentioned aft 5 and A co’3* for allowing the. importation of failed beef pork, bacon, and butter, from the Britifh dominions in America, for a limited time : and whereas by three afts made in the ninth, tenth, and eleventh years of an|j |0 the reign of his prefent Maitfly, the faid laft-mtntioned aft was con- & ,, Geo. j. # timed until the firfi day of March, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-two: and whereas it is expedient that the importation of the faid goods and commodities Jbould be allowed for a longer time \ May it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enabled; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the an-thority of the fame. That the faid ad made in the eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to continue and amend an aft made in the pftb year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefiy, intituled. An act for importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time ; and for allowing the importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the Britifh dominions in America, for a limited time, (hall	^	.

continue, and be in full force and effe<ft, until the firft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three.	March*,1773.

CAP. III.

An ad for granting an aid to hit Majefty by a land tax, to be ratfed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two. At thru /hillings in tie pound.

CAP. IV.

An ad for puniAing mutiny and defertion $ and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. V.

An ad for the regulation of bit Majefty vs marine forces, while on fliore.

CAP. VI.

An ad for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, tor the fer vice ol the yc*y one thouland feven hundred and fevemy-two.

B 2

CAP.

4

Preamble. A&. 7 Geo. 3

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.7.	[1772.

CAP. VII.

An act for explaining and amending an aft made in the ft-venth year of bis prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for taking off the inland duty of one (hilling per pound weight upon all black and finglo teas'confumed in Great Britain; and for granting a drawback upon the exportation of teas to Ireland, and the Britijb dominions in America, for a limited time, upon fuch indemnification to be made in refpeft thereof by the Eaft India Company as is therein mentioned, for permitting the exportation of teas in fmaller quantities than one lot to Ireland, or the laid dominions in America \ and for preventing teas teized and condemned from being confumed in Great Britain; and for fettling certain doubts and difputes which have arifen upon the faid aB of parliament.

WHEREAS by on aft of parliament made in the feventb year of bis prefent Mojejly, intituled, An ad for taking off the inland duty of one (hilling per pound weight upon all black and finglo teas confumed ir\ Great Britain; and for granting a drawback upon the exportation of teas to Ireland and the Britijb dominions in America, for a limited time, upon fuch indemnification to be made in refped thereof by the Eaft India Company, as is therein mentioned, for permitting the exportation of teas in fmaller quantities than one lot to Ireland, or the faid dominions in America ; arid for preventing teas feized and condemned from being confumed in Great Britain; amongfi other things reciting, That the taking off the inland duty of one /hilling per pound weight, then payable as therein is mentioned, upon black and finglo teas, and the allowing, upon the exportation of all teas which Jball be exported to Ireland and his Mojejly*s plantations in America, the whole of the duty paid upon the importation thereof into this kingdom* appear to be the mfft probable and expedient means of extending the conjumption of teas legally imported within this kingdom, and of increajing the exportation of teas to Ireland, and to his Mo jejly s plantations in America, which are now chiefly furwfhed by foreigners in a courfe of illicit trade; and further renting, that the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, are willing and dejirous to indemnify the publick in fuch manner os is therein after provided, with refpect to ony diminution of the revenue which Jhould or might happen from this experiment, it is amongfi other things enafied,Tbat for and during the J'pace of five years, to be computed from the fifth day of July, one thoufand [even hundred and fixty-feven, the faid inland duty of one Jhiding per pound weight upon teas Jhall not be paid for or in refpeft of any bohea, congo, feuchong, or pekoe teas, commonIj called Black Teas, or any teas known by the denomination of Singlo Teas, which Jhall be cleared for confumption within Great Britain out of the warchoufes of thtjaid united company, but that all fuch

m

$

*7720 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.yl

teas fo to It cleared, whether the fame have been already or Jball be bertafttr fold by the faid company, or their fuccejfors, jball be, and are thereby free and difcharged, during the faid term, from the faid inland duty, and it is thereby, among ft other things, further enahedy That for and during the like fpace offive years, to be computed from the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, there Jball be drawn back and allowed for all teas exported from this kingdom, as merchandije to Ireland, or any of the British colonies or plantations in America, the whole duties of cufioms, payable upon the importation of fucb teas, and for making good any diminution which might happen in the revenues of cufioms and excife, by the dif-continuance of the faid duty, and the allowance of the faid drawback, during the term aforefaid; it was further enalied, That on or before the fir ft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-tight9 and on or before the firjl day of September, in each of the four fucceeiing years, a true and exalt account /hall be taken, Jlated, and made up, by the proper officers of the cufioms and excife refpellive-ly, of the net produce of all the duties of cufioms, for and in ref pell of teas fold by the faid company, and alfo of the net produce of the duties of excife, upon teas cleared out of the warehoufes, belonging to the faid company within the ye ary ending the fifth day of July immediately preceding the takingy fiatingy and making up fuch accounts, and that a fum which Jhall be equal to the annual net produce of the duties of cufiomsy paid upon the importation of teas which were exported to Ireland, and the Britifh colonies find plantations in America, upon, an average for five years, preceding the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-feven, jball be dedulled from the total of the net produce, fo ftated of the faid duties of cufioms and excife in the faid account for the year ending the faid fifth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and fixty-eight, and for each of the faid four fuuecding years refpcllively; and if after fuch dedullion Jball have been made, the remaining fum Jball not amount to the fum as jhall be equal to the annual net produce of all the duties of cufioms, for and in refptfl of teas fold by the faid company, and aljo to the annual net produce of the duties of excife, upon teas cleared out of the warehoufes of the faid company, on an average for five years, preceding the faid fifth fay of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, then, and in every fuch cafe, from time to time, as often as fuch cafe Jball fo happen, the faid company or their fucceffors, within forty days after a copy of fuch yearly account refpcllively, Jballfiave been delivered to their chairman, deputy chairman, fecretary, cajpier, or ac-comptant general, Jhall advance and pay for every fuch year refpellive-ly, into the receipt of his Majefly: exchequer, for his Majefly's ufe, fucb fum of money as Jhall, with the monies remaining in fuch refpec-tive annual account, after the dedullion aforefaid Jhall have been made, amount to fuch a fum, as Jhall be equal to the annual net produce of all the fmd duties of cufioms and excife upon teas, on the faid average of five years, preceding the faid fifth day fl/'July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, fo as the money to be paid by the faid company, or their fucceffors, in purfuance of the faid all, Jhall Hot in any one of the Jaid five ycarsy exceed fuch a fum, as Jball be

B 3	equal

Anno duodecimo GeoRgii III. c.7.	[i771#

equal to the annual net amount of the Jaii inland duty of one foiling per pound weight* upon teas tleered from the warehsujes of the /aid company for confumption within Great Britain, and alfo :o the an-eiual net amount of the duties of cUftoms, paid on the importation of teas* which were exported to Ireland, and the Bririfti colonies and plantations in America, upon an average for five years* preceding tie fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-feven: and whereas the annual net produce of the duties of cvjfoms, paid upon the importation of teas* which were exported to Ireland, and the Britilh colonies and plantations in America, upon an average for five year:* preceding the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-feven* is found* to amount to the fum of thirty-two thoufand three hundred and two pounds, four foldings* and fixpence, and the annual net produce of all the duties of cufioms* for or in refpeft of teas fold by the faid company* together with the annual net produce of the duties of excife upon teas* cleared out from the warekoufes of the faid company* on an average offive years* preceding the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-fven, is found to amount to the fum of fiven hundred and eighteen thoufand* nine hundred and fixty-fix pounds* one foiling* and two-fifth parts of a penny : and whereas if the faid fum of thirty-two thoufand three hundred and two pounds* Jour follings and fixpence* Jbould be deduftedfrom the total of the net produce of the cuficms of excife, upon teas fold by the faid united company* and chared out of their warehoufes, after paying fuch draw* backs as are allowed by tie faid in part-recited aft* in the year ending on the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-eight* and in each of the faid four fucceeding years; and, if the faid united company Jbould be bound to pay futb Jum* as will make the Jum which (hall remain after fuch deduction equal to the faid fum of feven hundred and eighteen thoufand nine hundred and fixty fix pounds* one foiling* and two-fifth parts of a penny, your Majefiy would probably in every of the faid years* receive from the faid united company a greater fum of money* in the name of indemnity* than the aftual deficiency of your Majefiy* s revenue* computed upon the average in the faid recited aft mentioned* would amount to ; and* on the other hand* if the faid deduction Jbould be made from the faid total pf the product of the eufioms and excife*upon teas fold by and cleared out of the warehoufes of the faid united company for the year* ending on the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-eight* and fir each of the faid four fucceeding years, before paying or deducing fuch drawbacks as are allowed by the faid recited, aft * and if the Joid company fhould only pay fuch fum* as wourd mate the fum, in fob cafe* remaining equal to the Jaii fum of feven hundred and eighteen thoufand nine hundred and fixty fix pounds* one foiling* and two-fifth parts of a penny* your Majefiy would probably in every of the faid years* receive lefs than the aftual deficiency of your Majefifs revenue* computed upon the average in the faid aft mentioned* would amount to j fo that the rule prejeribed by the faid aft* for efiimating the indemnity therein provided, is inadequate and inejfeftuai* whereupon doubts and difputes have arifen between the officers of your Ma-jefty’s revenue> and the faid united company concerning the manner of 2	offers

1772,] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.7.	7

afeertaining the fame: and whereas it appears to have been the true intent and meaning of the /aid aft, That the /aid united company Jbould fully indemnify your Majejiy, for any diminution of your Ma-jejlys revenue, which might happen from the experiment in the faid aft mentioned, by paying to your Majejiy fuch fum of money as Jhouli be fufficient to make the net produce of the duties of cufloms and <*-rife, upon teas fold by and cleared out of the wareboujes of the faid company in the faid year, to be computed from the fifth day of July, one tboufand feven bundled and fixty-jeven, after paying the faid drawbacks allowed by the faid aft, and in each of the faid four fuc~ ceeding years, after the like payment of the faid drawbacks, equal to the faid fum of feven hundred and eighteen tboufand nine hundred and Jixty-fix pounds, one Jhilling, and two-fifth parts of a penny, and the faid united company are willing, and have agreed, to indemnify your Majefiy accordingly, provided the feverdl fums fo to be computed, may he accepted in fatifaftm and difehargt of their agreement, and of the aft herein-before recited\ May it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be declared and enacted; and be it declared and ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, f by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and [”teofindera-temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affenribled, nityf providcd and by the authority of the fame. That inftead of the rate of in- by the former demniry provided by the faid a£t, and to be computed as therein is mentioned, the faid united company (hall be liable to pay and the united make good to his Majesty for the year ending on the fifth* day company fljaU of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-eight, and to each of the faid four fucceeding years, fuch fum of money as, for each fuc/ together with the net produce of cuftoms, upon teas fo by the ceeding year faid company and the net produce of epccife upon teas cleared J|?cc,768* out from the warehoufes of the faid company, fhall, in and for	°IS#

each of the faid years, amount to the fum of feven hundred and arid tvro-fifth eighteen thoufand nine hundred and fixty-lix pounds, one (hit- parts of a ling, and two-fifth parts of a penny, and no more.	penny.

II.	And whereas by an account fated and made up in conformity to the rate of indemnity herein before laf mentioned, for the firft four of the faid five years, the faid four years ending on the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fevenly-one, the faid united

company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, fiand xhefaidunit-indebted to his Majejiy in the fum of one hundred and Jeventeen thou- ed company, fand three hundred and fourteen pounds, one /billing, and three-pence, before July 5, and /even-twentieth parts of a penny; be it further enabled by the J77»# P authority aforefaid. That the faid company thall, on or before*"*® ^ the fifth day of July, which will be in the year of our Lord one exchequer thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, advance and pay into 117,314b is. the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer the faid fum of one hun- 3d- andfeven-dred and feventeen thoufand three hundred and fourteen pounds, one (hilling, and three-pence, and feven-twentieth parts of ap^Jy, a penny, without any abatement or defalcation whatfoever.

III.	And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid. All monies to That all the monies that (hall be paid into the receipt of his be paid in Majefty’s exchequer, in purfuance of this atf, (hall be applied Purfuanc* of

B4	to

g	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii III. c.8.	[1772.

ihh ad, (hall to and for the ufe$ and purpofes directed by the aforementioned th/ufe^of^l°	^vcnt^ year of the reign of his prefent Majeftv.

aft 7* Geo. 3. IV. And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid. Before Sept, i, That on or before the firft day of September, which (hall be in 1771, an exalt the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-account to be two, a true and exad account (hall be taken. Hated, and made officei^o/the UP th* proper officers of the cuftoms and excife refpedively, cuftoms of °f t^lc nct produce of all the duties of cuftoms for and in refpe& the net duties of tea? fold by the f?id united company, and alfo the net pro* in refped of dqce of all the duties pf excife upon teas cleared out from the lhby warehoufes belonging to the (aid united company, within the pany,^ com’ year ending the fifth day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and aifo of the and feventy-two: and if the net fum total of both the faid reve-net produce nues, after paying the faid drawback allowed by the faid recited ^duties a(c^ fhall not amount to the fum of feven hundred and eighteen tcasXcleared°n thoufand nine hundred aqd fixty-Gx pounds, one (hilling, and out within the twp-fifth parts of a penny, the faid united company (hall, with* year 1771. in forty days after fuch account (hall have been delivered to their Ifthenetfom chairman, deputy chairman, fecretary, caihier, oraccomptant reverses af- general, advance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty’s ex-lowed by ad chequer, for his Majesty’s ufe, fuch fum of money as (hall, to-7 Geo. 3. (hall gether with the faid fum total of cuftoms and excife, computed not amount to as aforefaid, make up the faid fum of feven hundred and eigh-and two-fifth leen thoufand nine hundred and fixty-fix pounds, one (hilling, parts of and two-fifth parts of a penny.

a penny, the united company (hall make up the deficiency to the receipt of exchequer.

In default of V. And be it further enaded, That the faid fum of one payment by hundred and feventeen .thoufand three hundred and fourteen the faid com- pounds, one (hilling, gnd three-pence, and feventh-twentieth

beluedVor^ Parts 0 a Pcnny> and a^° fucb Ium °f moncy as foall be pay-?nd recover* able by the faid united company, in refped of the account here-ed, in manner in before direded to be made up for the year ending on the fifth directed by day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, (hall, the foriper jn default of payment as aforefaid, be fued for and recovered in a *	fuch manner and form as the feveral fums required to be paid

in and by the faid recited ad are therein direded to be fued far and recovered.

A& 7 Geo. 3. VI. And be it further declared and enaded by the authq-confirmed,«c- rity aforefaid, That the faid recited ad is and (hall be confirrq-cept as here- ed and eftablifhed, except fo far as the fame is hereby explain-rxplahjed ^ altered or repealed.

CAP. VIII.

An ad to explain and amend an ait pafled in the tenth year of his prefect Majcfty's reign, for paving, lighting, and watching the town of Plymouth, in the county of Devon, and for regulating the rarmen and porters within the laid town.

PAP.

9

r/yt-Y Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 10.

CAP. IX.

An aft to enable the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of confervator* of t&e great level of the fens, commonly called Be dford Level, to borrow a poo bonds further money, upon account of the sniddie and fouth levels, part of the faid great level; and for eftablithing a further certain funa, for payment ot the bonds of the (aid corpor ration, out of the faid middle ana fouth levels.

Preamble. Aft 15 Car. a. for draining Bedford level. Aft so Car. s.

%y Geo. 29 Geo. t. Order of Bedford level corporation, of 10 June,

1756, direfting money to be applied to the principal banks of middle and iouth levels only. Pi efent debt of the corporation, on account of middle and fouth levels: Annual intereft thereof. Produce of a (ingle t^x; aifo of a quarter tax. Power to borrow more money upon bonds, on account of* middle and fouth levels, fo as the whole debt be not made to exceed the fum of 44,000!. The (everal parts of the (3,000 acres as lie in the middle and fouth levels, charged with a tax and a quarter during the continuance of any part of fuch additional debt. Provifo. Bonds to be transferrable, without (lamps. Alignments to be entered with the regif-ter of the Corporation. Money railed by the corporation upon the taxable lands in middle and fouth levels, how to be applied. If bonds for money on account of the middle and fouth levels be not paid by receiver, rents, Taxes, &c, to be veiled in perfons poflefTed of fuch bonds t But no money borrowed for faid levels (hall be charged on the rents. See. of north level. How the money borrowed is to be applied. The fum of 6000/. to be applied only in cafes of aftual breach of bank ; and to be repaid, lo as to be a perpetual fund for that purpofe. Publift aft,

CAP. X.

An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papifts 3 and for relief of Proteftant Pur-chafers.

WHEREAS by a claufe in an aft ofparliament paffed in the Preamble.

third year of the reign of his late majefiy KingGtovge the Firfl* Claufe in aft intituled, An act for explaining an aft paffed in the laft feflion of 7 Gcok 1. parliament, intituled. An aft to oblige papifis to regifter their names and real ejlates, and for enlarging the time for fuch regifiering; and for fecuring purchafes made by Protefiants; it was enafted. That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September* in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen, no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or any intereft therein, or rent or profit thereout, (hould pafs, alter or change, from any 'papift, or perfon profcffmg the popifh religion, by any deed or will, except fiich deed* within fix months after the date, and fuch will, within fix months after the death of the teftator, fjiould be inrolled in one of the King’s courts of record at Weft-minjler* or elfe within the fame county or counties wherein the manors, lands, and tenements, lie, in fuch manner as therein for that purpofe is particularly direfted : and whereas by feveral Afts 10 Ge*, efts of parliament made in the tenth year of his faid late Majefly's ** l» 6, 9, u. reign* and in the thirds fixth* ninth* eleventh, twelfth* fxxteentb* nine-	169 lJ9 *6’

teenth* twenty-fixth* twenty-eighth* thirty-firfi, and thirty-third of*f£c*0s *. his late majefiy King George the Second* and the fecond, fourth* and and s, 4, Sc feventb years of his prefent Majefly's reign* it was enafted* That 7 Geo. y fpery deed and will made fines the iwenty-ninth day of September,

#	one

xo	Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. io. [1771.

one thoujand/even hundred and Seventeen, in wrier to pdfs, alter, cr change, any manors, lands, tenements, ir hereditaments, or any interejl therein,rraf or profit thereout, from any papijl, or perfon fro• f effing the popjb religion, ft	protejlant or proteftants, or by reafon

oj which deed or will, any protejlant or pretejlants may claim or it-rive any legal, equitable, or other interejl wha\foevsr, to his, her, or their ufe, for bis, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any other protejlant or protejlants, though not inroiled, or not inroiled in due time,/ball be as good and effectual in law, as the fame would have been in cafe the fat d deeds and wills bad been inr oiled within the times limited, by the faid claujes in the faid efts, for the inrolment thereof, provided the faid deeds and willy Jhould be inrolhd on or be* fore the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixiy eight, in Jucb manner as by the faid claufe in the firjl-mentioned all is directed j be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, Deeds and	and by the authority of the fame. That every deed and will

wdUofpa.	made fince the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufaod

Slice Sept ao ^cvcn hundred and feventeen, in order to pafs, alter, or change, 1717, though any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any intereft not inrolied therein, or any rent or profit thereout, from any papift or per-in due time, fon profeffing the popifh religion, to any proteftant or proteftants, or by reafon of which deed or will, any proteftant or pro-' teftants may claim or derive any legal, equitable or other intereft whatfoever, to his, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their bene-ftall be good or to u^c or benefit of any other proteftant or proteft-in law, asif ants, though not inrolied, or not inrolied in due time, (hall be inro’led *ith- as good and effectual in the law, as the fame would have been in the time jn cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolied within the former ads. timcs limited by the faid claufes in the faid adte for the inrol-Deeds and ment thereof; provided the fame deeds and wills (hall be in-wills to be rolled on or before the firft day of January, one thoufand fcven inrolied before hundred and feventy-three, in fuch manner as by the faid claufe Jan. 1.1773. jn t^e firft-mentioned adl is diredfed.

Nothing here- H. Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall ex-to extend ^o tcnc^ or bo conftrued to extend, to make good any fuch deed, make good will* or leafe, already made and not inrolied, of the want of in-deeds, &c. rolment whereof advantage (hall have been taken on or before already made the fifth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-rolled°tm~ -°,ne» but every fuch deed, will, or leafe, (hall remain of fuch whereof ad- force and effcdl only, as the fame would have had if this adl had vantage (hall never been made, and of none other force and effedt. x have been taken before May 5, 1771.

No purchafe III. And whereas many purthafes made by protejlants may be in ***** by.P1!®" danger of being impeached or called in quefiion, in regard that fom be impeached ^ee*s *	through which the title thereto is derived, ought to

by Teafon that have been inrolied according to the faid afts, but have not been Jo in-•ny deed, rolled; be it therefore further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, through which That no purchafe made for full and valuable confederation of derived hath any manors, mcffuagesr lands,- tenements or hereditaments, or

not been in* rolled.



I772*3 Anno duodecimo Georgii HI. c. i r.	ti

of any intereft therein, by any proteftant or proteftants, and merely and only for the benefit of the proteftants, (hall be impeached or avoided, for or by reafon that any deed or will, through which the title thereto is derived, hath not been inroll-ed as required by the faid aCts, fo as no advantage was taken of inrolment thereof before fuch purchafe was made, and fo as no decree or judgement have been obtained for want of the inrolment of fuch deeds or wills.

IV,	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained (hall ex- Not to extend tend, or be conftrued to extend, to make good any grant, leafe, to make good or mortgage, of the advowfon, or right of presentation, colla- mortgage, tion, nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, prebend, tenefae °£c. or ecclefiaftical living, fchool, hofpita), or donative or any avoid- made by a ance thereof, made by any papift or perfon profefling the popi(h papift. religion, in truft, direCtly or indirectly, mediately or immediately, by or for any fuch papift or perfon profefling the popilh religion, whether fuch truft hath been declared by writing or nor.

CAP. XL

An aB for the better regulating the future marriages of the royal family.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majefty, from your paternal afftfiion to pre*able.

your cum family, and from your royal concern for the future welfare of your people, and the honour and dignity ofyour crown9 was gracioujly pleafed to recommend to your parliament to take into their ferious confederation, whether it might not be wife and expedient to fupply the defeft of the laws now in being; and, by feme new provi-fion, more effectually to guard the defendants of his late majefey King George the Second, {other than the iffue of princejfes who have mar-ried, or may hereafter marry, into foreign families) from marrying without the approbation of your Majefey, your heirs, orfuccejfers,firfe bad and obtained $ we have taken this weighty matter into our ferious eonfederation j and9 being fenfible that marriages in the royal family are of the highefe importance to thefeate9 and that therefore the Kings of this realm have ever been entrvfeed with the care and approbation thereof; and9 being thoroughly convinced of the wifdom and expedient cy of what your Majefey has thought fit to recommend, upon this oc~ eafion9 we9 your Majefey*s moji dutiful and loyal fubjefls9 the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-blei9 do humbly befcech your Majefey that it may be enabled \ and be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no defendant of the body of his late No descend-majefty King George the Second, male or female, (other than ant of his the iffue of princcffes who have married, or may hereafter mar- Jjtc Majefty, ry, into foreign families) (hall be capable of contracting matri- thanto/ufae* mony without the previous confent of his Majesty, his heirs, or of princefles fuccefforSj fignified under the great feal, and declared in council, married, or

(which

ia	Anno	duodecimo	Georgh	III.	c. 12.	[1	77*.

marry into (which confent, to prcftrve the memory thereof, is hereby di-for«gn tested to be fet out in the licence and regifter of marriage, and capable of to bc enterw* in thc books of the privy council;) and that evc-contraaing ry marriage, or matrimonial contract, of any fuch defeendant, matrimony without fuch confent firft had and obtained, (hall be null and

without the Yoid, t0 a]j intents and purpofes whatfoever. previous confent of his majefty, bit heirs, See. fignified under the great feal, declared in council, and entered in the privy council books. Every marriage of any fuch defendant without fuch confent, (hall be null and void.

In cafe any II. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority afore-defeendant of faid, That, in cafe any fuch defendant of the body of his late above** ears ros,j^y King George the Second, being above the age of twenty-old, fhmfl per- ^ve years, (hall perfift in his or her refolution to £ontra& a mar-filt to contraa fiage difapproved of, or diflented from, by the King, his heirs, a marriage or fucceflors; that then fuch defeendant, upon giving notice to difapproved of King’s privy council, which notice is hereby directed to be ty9 M ma,c " entered in the books thereof, may, at any time from the expi-fuch defeend- ration of twelve calendar months, after fuch notice given to the ant, after giv- privy council as aforefaid, contract fuch marriage; and his or toThe* marr*aSc yiltb perfon before propofed, and reje&ed, may pri^councfl, be duly folemnized, without the previous confent of his Majcf-maycontraft* ty, his heirs, or fucceflors; and fuch marriage (hall be good, as fuch mar- if this adt had never been made, unlefs both houfes of parlia-r,ad1hefa e mcnt before the expiration of the faid twelve months, ex-may be du™* Prckty declare their difapprobation of fuch intended marriage, ly folemnized, without the previous confent of his Majesty ; and (hall be good; except both houfes of parliament (hall declare their difapprobation thereof.

Perfons who III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, (o^rnnize^or ^bat cvery perfon who (hall knowingly or wilfully prefume to afloat tbe°r fo^mnize, or to affift, or to be prefent at the celebration of any celebration of marriage with any fuch defeendant, or at his or her making any fuch mar- matrimonial contradl, without fuch confent as aforefaid firft had riage, without ancj obtained, except in the cafe above-mentioned, (hall, being fl»ail,Con con-	thereof,	incur and fuffer the pains and penalties

vision, incur ordained and provided by the ftatute of provifion and premu-the penalties nire made in the fixteenth year of the reign of Richard the provided by Second, the ftatute

ofpremo-	CAP.	XII.

jure 16 Ric. t.	f	.	f .

> jin ail for further continuing two aits made in the Jixtb and

ninth years of bis	Majejly mutiny and

defer tion, and for the better payment of the army and tbeir

quarters, in bis Majefty'sdominions in America.

Preamble. *\ X TH E R E A S an ait paffed in the eleventh year of his Aft 11 Geo i. * V Majejly's reign, intituled, An act for further continuing ’J* two afts made in the fixth and ninth years of his Majesty’s reign, for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, in his Majesty’s dominions in America, which aft was to continue, and be in forte, in e'l bis Majejly's dominions in America, from the twenty-fourth day of

March,

*>72*] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c 13.	t$

Alarch,	tboufand[even hundred and feventy-two* until the twen-

ty-fourth day of March, one tboufand /even hundred and Jeventy-three: and whereas it has been found neeejfary that the faid aftf* which was to made in the fixth and ninth years of bis Majefly's reign, Jhou\d be	m

continued for a further time: may it therefore pleafe your Majef- March m, ty that it may be ena&ed $ and be it enadted by the King’s molt 1773,	*

excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the further conti-faid adts lhall be, and the fame are hereby continued until the £,,r twenty-fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and';:!. feventy-four.	'	1774%

CAP. XIII.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloatbing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-two•

WHEREAS it is neteffary that provifton fbould be made for Preamble.

defraying the charge of the pay and cloatbing for the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year,from the twenty-fifth day of March, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-two ; be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the. advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That in every county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia is or (hall be raifed, the receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax of fuch county, riding, or place rcfpec-tivelyi (hall iflue and pay the whole fums required, in the man- Where the ner, and for the feveral ufes herein-after mentioned; that is to is °r fay, for the pay of the faid militia for four calendar months in receiver." advance, at the rate of fix (hillings a day for each adjutant, general of the where an adjutant is appointed j and at the rate of one (hilling county is to for each fcrjeant, with the addition of two (hillings and fixpence,ffuc ^ur a week for each ferjeant-major where a ferjeant-major is appoint- j^°advailc/ ed; and at the rate of fixpence a day for each drummer, with according t’o the addition of fixpence a day for each drum-major, where a the eftabwh-drum-major is appointed j and alfo at the rate of fixpence a ment of pay month for each private man and drummer, for defraying thehcfc ctdownr contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, and indepen-	-

dant company of militia j one penny whereof (hall be applied ™r.# faia* for defraying the hofpital expences of each regiment, battalion, to the regi-or independant company, during the time ot the men’s being mental and from home, upon account of their annual exercife; and alfo'for tatuUim half a year’s falary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of jjjjj militia belonging to fuch county, riding, or place, at the rate ofjowancesto fifty pounds a year; and alfo for the refpedtive allowances to the cleiks of the clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the feveral fub-divifion meetings, at the rates following j that is to fay, to the

clerk

14	Anno duodecimo GeoROII III. c. 13.	[1772.

clerk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds five (hillings for each meeting; and to the fcveral clerks of thcfub-divifion meetings, at the rate of one pound one (hilling for each and pay for meeting; and alfo for the cloathing of the militia of fuch coun-cloathing of riding or place, after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings the mihtia. fa cacjl fcrjeant, and two pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound for each ferjeant-major, and each drum-major ; and with refpeft to the private militia men, where the militia hath not been cloathed within three years, at the rate of The above one pound ten (hillings for each private man. turns are not n. Provided neverthelefs, That in any county, riding, or pa has not P^acc>	PaY	h*8 not yet been for the militia, no pay

belbi^been (hall be iflued until his Majesty's lieutenant, or, in his abfencc, iffoed, till the or in cafe of a vacancy by the death or removal of his Majesty’s lord lieute- lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants of any fuch county, ties ^aU^have r“^nS’ or P^acc> (h*U have certified to the commiifioners of his certified to Majefty’s treafury, and to the receiver-general of the land-tax, the treafury that three-fifths of the number of private militia-men of fuch and receiver- county, riding, or place, have been inrolled, and that thrcc-^nrolmentCf	t^lc proportion of their commillion officers have accept-

thr^fittha c<* their commimons, and entered their qualifications as by law of the men	required.

and officers. III. And be it enafted, That all fuch fums of money granted ^or l^c	as	aforefaid,	except	fuch	as	mall	be

the receiver^ due to the fcveral clerks of the meetings aforcfaid, and except general to the fuch as (hall be due on account of cloathing, (hall, where the clerk of the militia has never been embodied, be pud by the faid receiver or regiment or receivers-general of the land-tax, into the hands of the clerk or cept^iKTal-* c^cr^s trie regiments or battalions of militia belonging to fuch lowances to county, riding, or place, upon his or their producing his or their the clerks of warrant or warrants of appointment to luch office, under the the meeting*) jlan(j an(j fcaj Qf his Majesty’s lieutenant for fuch refpeftive SuTthemr-* county» riding, or place; and where the militia has been embo-rant of his died, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments or appointment; battalions, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to fuch office, under the hand and feal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion refpe&ively, notwirh-andforinde (landing fuch militia (hall have been difembodied ; and where pendent com- (he militia (hall be formed into an independent company, or Pafn,c* t0 the independent companies, fuch fums as aforefaid (hall be paid by captains,*or the “dd receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax, into the to their or- hands of the refpeftive captain of each independent company of der i	militia, or to fuch perfon as fuch refpeftive captain (hail autho-

rife to receive the fame, according to the number of perfons hereby intitled to receive pay and cloathing, of which fuch rdtn to rcB*mem or regiments, battalion or battalions, independent the%abhftv comPanv or independent companies, (hall have been appointed raent laid to confift, according to the eftablifhment laid down in an aft down in the pafled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent M<*jefty, in-militja aft of (jtuled, An aft to explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of park-*	#	men!

1772] Anno duodecimo Gborgii III. c. 13.

air*/ the feveral laws now in being relating to the raijing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England j and fuch receiver or receivers-general of the land tax (hall alfo, within fourteen days after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of the faid firft payment, make a fecond A fecond payment for four calendar months in advance; and (hall alfo, j^™*1^** within fourteen days after the expiration of the three calendarmadewithin months from the time of the faid fecond payment, make a third 3 month* af- • payment for four calendar months in advance, for the pay and ter the firfl ; contingent expences of the militia, and for the allowances to the a,!jj * th*rd regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforefaid, in the propor- months^fw tions herein before mentioned \ and the receipts of fuch clerk the iccond. or clerks, and of fuch captain of an independent company, or Receipt* of captains of independent companies, or of fuch perfon or per-th* Perf?n$ fons as fuch captain or captains (hall fo authorife to receive fuch money money as aforefaid, (hall be a fufficient difeharge to fuch recei- be fo paid, ver or receivers-general of the land-tax for the feveral fums of difeharge tbs money fo by him or them paid.	recei w»-ge-

IV. And be it enacted. That the clerk of each regiment or xhe regi-battalion of militia (hall forthwith, after the receipt of fuch mental and fums of money as aforefaid, pay, or caufe to be paid, one calen- battalion • dar month’s pay in advance to the adjutant of fuch regiment c,er*# ar* or battalion reipedivcly; and to the captain or officer com- £2^“ minding each company belonging to fuch regiment or battalion, month** pay two months pay in advance for the ferjeants and drummers; to the adju-and alfo to the officer commanding the company to which thetant 5 aod feijeant-major and drum-major (hall belong, two months pay in advance for fuch ferjeant and drum-major; and fo, from time captain for to time, as long as any money on that account (hall remain in the ferjeants his hands: which pay every fuch captain or officer command-anddrum-ing is hereby required to diftribute to fuch perfon belonging'to [b^f^lwnt-his company, by this aft entitled to receive the fame, as it (hall major an<i ’ become due; and the captain of each independent company is dram-major hereby required to diftribute to each perfon belonging to his two month*. company intitled thereto, fuch money as he (hall receive for pay the com^ of his company by virtue of this aft; and fuch captain or officer manding of-commanding (hall, once in every year, give into the clerk of the ficer of the regiment or battalion to which fuch company (hall belong, or company to if captain of an independent company, to the receiver general, an account of the feveral payments he (hall have made in pur- Captains to fuance of this ad, according to the following form:	diftribute the

pay accordingly; and account for the fame yearly to the clerk; or receiver-gene*, nd if an independent company, according to the following Form;

County

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 13.	[1772.

County of

3V> cafli received of Mr."! regimental or bat talion clerk* or receiver-general (ms the cafe jhau be) for two months pay in advance* .......

Per Centra,

Paid ferjeant	for

days pay from the of to the	of

following«

Ct.

Date as ferjeant major (if ] one in the company) J Paid ferjeant for n days pay from the of to the of j

following------	—	J

Paid drummer days at fix-pence* from the of to the of following ■ - —

Dine as drum-major (if one in the company)

Paid drummer	1

day* from the of ( to the of following)

and pay back And (hall pay back to the faid clerk, or to the receiver-general, the fur pi us	as the cafe (hall be, the furplus (if anyj of the money by him

monies in his from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands. ChTdifcharee	Provided	always, and be it hereby further enadted. That

of ferjeant* or m cafe the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or drummers as independent company of toilitia, (hall certify, in writing to the unfit for for- clerk 0f the fame, that he hath difeharged any ferjeant or drum-b^tffued^lf/0 mcr as un®t ^or fcrvice» that in ^uctl cafc> no Pay he ifliied others are ap. f°r the perfon fo difeharged, until another be duly appointed by pointed $ himj and that no payment be made to any ferjeant or drummer nor any pay- who hath been fo difeharged, or who has not previoufly been fochaTanf *° aPProvc^ °f hy the commanding officer, in cafe of vacancy by difeharged or death, or other wife* who have not been approved by the commanding officer*

likewife*to pay VI. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or outofthefums battalion of militia, out of the money hereby directed to be allowed for - - ;(fue(j an(j paid to him for defraying the contingent expences of pences^d^e^ cac^ regiment or battalion, (hall, yearly and every year, pay to man for hoipi- the colonel or officer commanding fuch regiment or battalion, tai charges i one penny a month for each private man and drummer, for de-nlj^ffil^for8 fraying the hofpital expences of each refpe&ive company of fuch ther^2r of regiment or battalion during the time of the men’s being abfent arms and car- from home, upon account of their annual exercife; and fhai/, riage thereof* from time to time, iflue out and pay fuch fums of money as a fied f° tb may *>e nccc®ry f°r the repair of arms, and the carriage and benefit of^he* removal thereof, upon an order in writing figned by the colonel regiment, bcc. or officer commanding fuch regiment or battalion; and apply, ns the field of- difpofe of, and pay, the refidue of fuch money, for the general ^cers?^^a.P’ufe and benefit of each fuch refpeQive regiment or battalion, ^ams uiai 1- -n manncr as thc fold officers anj captains thereof, or the Account of greater part of them, (hall direft ; and (hall, yearly and every the faid fums year, make up an acqount of all fuch money, and the expendi-

to be made up	^

yearly &c.

J

»772 J Anno duodecimo Geobgii lit- C. 13.	17

ture thereof, and deliver the fame to the colonel or officer coot* manding fuch regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and figned ; which account fo allowed and figned (hall be, and it is hereby direA^d to be, the proper voucher and ac-quittal of fuch clerk, for the application and difpofal of fuch money.

VII.	And be it enaAed, That the money hereby direAed to Money allow, be i/Tued for the contingent expences of each independent com- *1 f°r contin-pany of militia, (hall be, in like manner, applied to the particu- **indepen-** lar ufe of fuch refpeAive independent company by the captain dent compa-thereofj and (hail, yearly and every year, be in like manner ac- nies to be ap-count^ \,»to the receiver-general of the land-tax of the coun- P,lcd a?dra<5r ty or pl?*e to which fuch independent company (hall belong * ^yThe cap!-* whofe allowance of fuch account (hall, in like manner, be the taint, proper voucher (or the expenditure and difpofition thereof.

VIII.	And be ItJurrher enaAed by the authority aforefaid, Commanding

That the officer commanding every regiment, battalion, or in- °^c*r,.to	.

dependent company of militia, which (nail be raifed and trained c^”tof Ex. purfuant to the laws now in force, (hall, and they are hereby chequer re-* refpeAively required, from time to time, within thirty days at- turn* of the ter the cxercifmg of every fuch regiment, battalion, or indepen- off?ccr8 and dent company (hall be finifhed, purfuant to the direAions of the fnrofied^and Jaws now in being in that refpeA, tranfmit to the proper audi- fervine at the tor of his Majesty’s court of Exchequer a compleat return, figned annual exer-by fuch officer commanding, of the feveral officers, non-com-mifiioned officers, and private men, who were aAually i nr oiled,

and did ferve in every fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company, at the time the fame were fo exercifed as aforefaid, in like manner and form as is required to be made to one of his Maiefty’s principal Secretaries of ftate.

IX.	And be it enaAed, That the faid regimental or battalion Clerk to retain

clerk may and (hall retain to his own ufe, out of the money fo money in hi* by him received, fuch further fums as (hall complete the allow- ha,Kj!! for ance herein before made for his falary.	men the id.

X.	And be it further enaAed, That whenever his Majesty’s lieuts. or de-# lieutenant, or any three or more deputy-lieutenants of any ptie* (hall county, riding, or place, (hall have fixed the days of exercife "ave^ed tht for the militia, he or they (hall, as foon as may be, certify the CJter* fame to the receiver-general of fuch county, riding, or place, they are to fpecifying the number of then, and the number of days fuch certify the men are to be abfent from home on account of fuch exercife; fani? to thc and f»cb receiver-general is hereby required, within fourteen

days after the receipt of fuch certificate, to iiTue and pay to the the'number of clerk of the feveral regiments or battalions, at the rate of feven men, and days (hillings and fixpence per day for the captain of each company, and at the rate of three (hillings and fixpence per day for each	ronl

lieutenant, and of three (hillings per dav for each enfign ; and Receiver-ee-alfo at the rate of one (hilling per day for each private militia- neral to iftue man. with the addition of fixpence per day for each corporal of ^hereupon P*7 the militia, fo to be called out to exercife, for the number of^°^raa days fuch officers and men (hall be abfent from home on ac- the regimen*

Vol.XXX.	C	count	Wide**, Uq,

i8

Where there fliall be independent companies only, the receiver-general is to liTue pay to the captains, according to the rate here let down.

Clerk to pay over the money to the re-fpe&ive captains.

Captains to make up their account according to the following form}

to be figned by them, and CQunterfigned by the commanding officer,

and delivered, with the balance, to the clerk, or receiver-general.

During the time tne troops are embodied, and called out into adhial forvice, and receive pay as the King's other forces, all pay and allowances fVom the receivers-general is to cdafe.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 13.	[1771.

count of fuch exercife; and in fuch counties where there (hall be independent companies only, the receiver-general of each fuch refpe&ive county (hall iffue and pay to the captains of the independent companies at the rate of feven (hillings and fix-pence per day for each captain, three (hillings and fixpcnce ptt day for each lieutenant, and three (hillings per day for each cnfigns and alfo at the rate of one (hilling per day (breach private militia-man, with the addition of (ixpence per day for each corporal of the militia, fo to be called out to exercife, for the number of days fuch officers and men (hall be ab-fent from home on account of fuch exercife; and the faid regimental or battalion clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay to each captain of the faid regiments or battalions the proportion of pay belonging to each captain, and likcwife the pay belonging to their refpeAive companies.

XI.	And be it further enabled. That the captain of each company (hall make up an account of all monies received and paid by him on account of fuch exercife, according to the following form:

County of	Dr.	Per	contra	Cr.

To cafli received of the regimental or bat-1 talion clerk, or	I

receiver-general (as She r cafe /hall be) for	\

days pay of men J

By ray pay as captain Paid lieutenant Paid enfign

Paid	militia	men

days

Paid additional pay to corporals days

Which account (hall be figned by the faid captain, and counter-figned by the commanding officer; and fuch captain (hall, within ten days after the time fuch exercife is vfini(ned, deliver fuch account, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the regimental or battalion clerk; or, if captain of an independent company, to the receiver general: and fuch accounts (hall be allowed as diffident vouchers in the palling of the accounts of fuch receiver-general, at the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer* Accounts allowed fufficient vouchers.

XII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That where any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, is or (hall be embodied, and called out into adtual lervice, and thereby the officers and private militia-men are or (hall be intitled to the fame pay as the officers and private men in his Majesty’s other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or re* ceivers-general of the land-tax for the county, riding, or place, to which fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia (ball belong, whether to the adjutants, ferjeants, private militia-men, or others; and all money allowed as aforefaid for the contingent expences of fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia; and alfo the allowance to the derk of fuch regiment or battalion, (hall, during fuch time of aflual fcrvicc, and until fuch regiment, battalion, or independent corn-

pany

1772*1 Anno duodecimo Geohgii III. c. 13.'

party ftiall be difembocKed, and return home, ceafe, and not be Rectivers-ge-paid.	neral to Pay

XIII. And be it enacted. That the fold receiver or receivers toderk* of the land-tax (hall pay to the clerk of the general meetings0ft^cgcneral-his allowance, at the rate of five pounds five (hillings for each meetings, and meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for that purpofe to the clerk* from his Majesty’s lieutenant, or from three deputy-lieutenants aflcmbled at fome general meeting or meetings ; and lhall alfo jngSj upon “ pay to each and every of the derks of the fubdivifion meetings producing or-their fcveral allowances, at the rate of one pound one (hilling for ^ from the each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders jepu^dietu from one or more deputy-lieutenant or deputy- lieutenants, afiem- tenants j bled in the feveral fubdivifion meetings; which faid order or orders which orders fhaH be to the faid receiver or rcceivers-eeneral of the land-tax, to be a dif-a fufficient difeharge for the payment of uich allowances, and be ceivers-eene-allowed in his or their account.	rak S

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That the clerk of Regimental

each regiment or battalion of militia (hall give fecurity to the and battalion receiver or receivers-general of the land tax of the county, rid-	§£°

ing, or place, to which fuch regiment or battalion fhall belongs pa^ng and by a bond to his Majesty in the penalty of one half of the fum accounting required for the whole year^ charge of the regiment or battalion f°r Ae

of militia to which fuch clerk fhall belong, for duly anfwering and {^Jem-paying fuch fums as he (hall, from time to time, have received \ and *	9

for duly accounting for the fame, and for performance of the the bonds to Ifuft hereby in him repofed; which faid bond (hall be lodged in be lodged with the hands of the receiver or receivcrs-general of the land-tax for receirerj^ the refpe&ive county, riding, or place, who, in cafe the faid re-gimental or battalion clerk mall not duly perform the conditions them on mm-comprifed in the faid bond, (hall, and is hereby required forth- performano* with to put the faid bond in fuit in the name of his Majesty, °ftbt condi* his heirs and focceffors; the full cofts and charges of which and$the*** fuit, in cafe judgement (hall be given againft fuch regimental of unified there* battalion clerk, (hall be paid by him to the faid receiver or re* upon to full ceivers-general of the land-tax, who (hall likewife be intitled to, and receive to his or their own ufe, at the rate of five pounds anjr? l*Lr per centum, out of all fuch monies as (hall be by him or them ctnt.vf the recovered thereon; and (hall account for the refidue thereof money recov* with the proper auditor of his Majesty’s revenue: the faid re- efw,|r. ceiver or receivers-general of the land-tax charging himfelf ^ca”ou“ or themfelves therewith, upon the next account of the land-tax for to the auto be by him or them pafled.	ditor.

XV.	And be it enabled. That the clerk of every regiment or The regimen-battalion of militia, and the captain of every independent com- tal and batta-pany of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the110*!4 cl*r^s» -part of Great Britain aforefaid, (hall, between the twenty-fifth fjdepcodesi day of March and the twenty-fourth day of June^ one thoufand companies,arc ftven hundred and feventy-two, deliver to the receiver of receiv- to deliver in qrs-gerteral of the land-tax for the county, riding, or place, to ^iTrecebta which fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company fhall anTdi(bariU belong, a fair account, in writing, of all monies by him receiv- menu,

c %	cd

. a#	Anno duodecimo Georcii III; C. i j. ^1771*

cd and di(burfed for the fervice of the preceding year, in purfu-ance of this adt with proper vouchers for the fame; and (hall pay back to the faid receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax, any Airplus of fuch monies that (halt then be in his hands; which faid accounts, figned by fuch regimental or battalion clerk, or by fuch captain of an independent company refpetVive-ly, (hall be tranfmitted by the faid receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax into the office of the proper auditor of his Ma-jefty’s revenue.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That all penalties, all cods and charges ot fuit, and all Turns of money for which any perfon or perfons is or are by this ad\ made anfwerablt, may and (hall be recovered in any of his Majesty9s courts of record at Wejlminjler% by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflfoin, wager at law, or protection, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That no fee or gratuity whatfoever (hall be given or paid for or upon account of any warrant or fum of money which (hall be ifiued in relatioa to, or in purfuance of,' this adt.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That any perfon being on half-pay, or being intitled to any allowance, as having

half-pay ferv- ferved in any or either of the two troops of horfe guards, or re-thc	giment of horfe reduced, and ferving in the militia, (hall and

jraceive the	roay» aiM* *s hereby impowered to receive and take the fub-

fubfiftence-	fiftence-money by this adt diredted to be paid to captains, lieutc-

moncy payable nanti, or enfigns; and the receiving and taking fuch fubfiftcncc-to captains	money by any fuch captain, lieutenant, or enGgn, (hall notbt

eotenaats,	^ccmed a receiving or taking pay, fo as in any manner to pre-

vent fuch perforr on half-pay, or being intitled to any fuch allowance, from receiving his half-pay, or fuch allowance; and fuch perfon (hall take the following oath before fomejufticeof the peace, who is hereby impowered to adminifter the fame;

Recovery of penalties, &c

Mo fee payable for any 1 warrant or fum of money iflued in purfuantc of this aft. Officers cn

or enfigns,

they taking the following oath before a j office.

The oath. T A B do /wear. That I bad not, between the	any	piece

JL or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majejly, h-ftdes my allowance of ba>f~pay as a reduced	in

late regiment of	(or	allowance	as	in

late troop of horfe guards, or regiment of horfe reduced) lave and except my fubfijlente as a lm-tenant or enftgn (as the caie may be,) for ferving in the militia tf the county of

And the talcing the faid oath (hall be fufficient to intitle fuch perfon to receive his half-pay, or thc faid allowance, without taking any other oath; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the con-Receiver-ge- trary thereof notwithftanding.

acral,.upon	XIX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

warrant^rom That the receiver general of the land tax, fo foon as he/hall the command- receive a warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding lug officer, officer of their refpedtive regiments or battalions, certifying the

receipt

*772-] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 14:	tt

receipt of the cloathing and an order from the faid colonel or commanding officer for the money due on account of the fame certifying the payable to the perfon or perfons who furnifiied the faid cloath- receipt of the ing, (hall pay the fum mentioned in fuch order to the perfon cloatbing,ahd intitled to receive the fame; and fuch warrant and order, toge- ™ isrto ther with the receipt of the perfon receiving the faid money, j,ay thc fame fhall be a fufficient difeharge to fuch receiver-general.	accordingly.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, If any regi-That in cafe any regiment, battalion, or independent company, ®«nt, &c. fhall ceafe and determine, during the continuance of this a&,ihaHceafe, _ the fum of three (hillings per diem (hall be paid to fuch perfon as ** & pakTto has actually ferved as adjutant to fuch regiment, battalion, or the adjutant independent company, from the time fuch regiment, battalion from fuch time or independent company, (hall ceafe, to the twenty-fifth day ofto Marcil» March, pne thoufand (even hundred and fcventy-three.	>77h

CAP. XIV.

An act far clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth ; and for deptbening, and making more navigable, the feveral rivers emptying them]elves into the faid haven-, and for preferring Jhips wintering therein from accidents by fire.

WHEREAS by an ait made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble.

reign of his late majefiy King Goorge the Second, intituled.

An a<3 for repairing, improving, and maintaining the haven and Act a j Geo.* piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and making more navigable the feveral rivers emptying thcmfclves into the faid haven, and alfo for preferving (hips wintering therein from accidents by fire; feveral duties were granted for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining and improving the faid haven and piers, and for depthening the channel of that part of the river Yarc called Braydon, and for making more navigable the faid river Yart, and the rivers Waveney and Bure, which empty themfehes into the faid haven, and for repairing the bridge and publico quays belonging to the faid town; and alfo for preferving jhips wintering m the faid haven; which of! will expire at the end of this prefent feffion of parliament: and whereas the faid haven and piers will Joon fau into decay, unlefs fome timely and effectual provifion be made by parliament for preferving the fame j therefore, for preferving to the inhabitants of the faid borough and the adjacent counties, and of the city of Norwich, the benefit of the faid haven and piers, and to the end that the faid haven, which is of great importance to the trade of theft kingdoms may be cleared and aeptbened, and the faid piers anajettee, on the north fide of the faid haven, may be preferved and kept in repair, and timber and other materials for that purpofe provided from time to time, as occofion may reauire j and that the channel of that part of the river 1 are called Braydon, leading from Great Yarmouth to the faid city (^Norwich, and fo much of the river Wen-fon, commonly called Yare, as lies between the New Mills in Norwich and Hardly CroEs, in Hardly, in the county 0/Norfolk, and

*3

Anno duodecimo oeorgh hi. c. 14*	l*772*

ate tbe river Waveney, and alfo the rater Bure, commonly celled the North River, (wbisb faid rivers empty themfth/es into the faid bo-lueu) may be deptbeneiL, and made mare navigable for boats and heis vfually faffing upon the fame, and that the bridge and pttMid quays belonging to the faid town may be repaired; may it pLeafe your Ma-jefty, that it may be enafted; and be it enadod by the King's jnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confetti of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That,

After the 15th March 177*, the duties granted by the former aft are to ceafej duties on goods, See. unladen in the haven of Great Yarmouth, See. Mayor, &c. to chafe a colltftor. Colleftors to take an oath. CuKttfon allowance for their trouble. Colleftors to account for duties Colle&on not accounting to be committed. Commiflioners how to be annually ap-pointed. Firft meeting of commiflioners. Expences of the aft how to be paid. The fum of 3d. to be divided in manner therein mentioned, aod applied for the purpofes of the aft. Application of furplus money allotted to the county of Suffolk. Three-pence (other part of the faid duties) bow So be applied. The Laft mentioned 3 d. (hail not be raifed without nonce, that it is abfolutely neceflary. How to be applied, if railed. The four-pence (part of the faid duties) how to be applied, except when the further 4tity of two-pence (hall be railed. If four pence is not frifficient, thecom-mhTioners may raife the additional Turn of two-pence. The additional tWo-pence not to be raifed unlefs notice thereof (ball be firft given. Pro* vifo -far faving part .of the four* pence duty. In cafe neceflary toioemfe .the duty, comm ffnners may levy the whole four pence. It the mayor, Ac. fhall nrgleft to apply the aforefaid duties, the commiflioners at large may do at. The duty of 4d. (hall be appiyed at the mayor, $c. (haU du reft, except when the additional duty of ad. (hall be paid. Commiflian* ers may examine the colleftors upon oath. Perfons intruded with monty to give in accounts of their diiburfements, and pay over the balance to the commiflioners. Perfons to appear and be examined with regard to their accounts before the commiflioners or be committed. Commiflionen mg-lefting to attend at the yearly meeting, the mayor, See. to examine the so counts. Accounts up to March 15 to be fettled by the'commiflioners. Mayor, &c. may remove officers. See, infpeft the accounts of receipt and expenditure of money, Scc. and enforce Che payment of all money in ar* sear. Mayor, See, not to remove any officer. See. while Ibe additional duly is railed. Colleftors may enter veflels to colleft duties ; and, io cafe of negleft of payment, for 10 days, they may be levied by di/treft and fale. Officers of cuftoms not to fuffer (hips to clear until the duties are paid Provifions exempt from the duties. Duties on certain goods imported to be repayed on exportation. Engineer to furvey that part of the river Wenfon or Yare between the New Mills and Hardly Croft; who is to report the Hate of the river to the iuftices. Copy of the report to be gives to every offender, as relates to his offence, and the juftioes to order reparation to be made. Perfons offendinjgv and refufing to remove the «• croachments, &c. to be proceeded againft by tbe juttices as tbe Jaw dire&s, Provifo. Engineer to give notice of his intention to make a furvey. Pc-- qalty on emptying mbbifli. See. into the haven. In order to prevent ac-' cidents by nre from the (hips within the haven, watchmen, See. are to bp appointed. Watchmen and dapperipen by whom to be paid. No fire nor lighted candle (hall be allowed on board (hips between Nov.i, and March u MaHer, Scc. mooring (hips fo as to prejudice tbe haven, to forfeit not ex* ceeding 51. The duty of tbe pier mafter, and his accuftomed fee for that duty. The (ame fee as formerly to be paid to the pier mafter, and bow to be recovered. Pier mafter negte&ing his duty, to forfeit not exceed. Ing 4.0 s. Injuring the haven, by laying ballaft, dec. on tbe quays, how to be prevented. Money dirc&od to be paid for keeping watchmen, dec. as4 ftlfo penalties how to be recovered. Commencement and continuance of tfoa aft. Hot to prejudice tbe tolls, &q, payable to she mayor, See. by

grind.

1772’] Anno duodecimo Georoii III. c. 15,1

grants* Limitation of aftions, General afliae. Treble coils. PnbHek

CAP. XV.

An act for lighting, cleaning, and watching, the ftreett, lanet, and other pafiages, of the burgh of Canongate, and the liberties of Pleafanoe and Leith-wynd, adjoining to the royalty of the city of Edinburgh. Preamble. Magiftrates, &c. of Canongate, to direft the lighting, cleanfing, and watching the ftreett. Sec. Proceedings to be entered in books. Contracts may be made for lighting and cleaning. Contracts not to be entered into till notice given. Magiftrates, Sec. to have no concern in contrafta for lighting# Contracts to be paid out of monies raifrd for the purpofe of this aft. Writings exempt from ftamp duties. Afleftments to be made for lighting the ftreets, Sec. Qualification of the (tent-matters. Lamps within the Canongate to continue burning as long as the lamps within the city of Edinburgh. Three-fourth parts of the monies arifing from the fett of the dung. Sec, to be applied towards cleanfing and watching. Dung, Sec. t6 be lot by publick roup. Magiftrates to levy the monies leviable by aft of parliament of Scotland in 1663, for the purposes of the aft. Deficiency of the fund for lighting, how to be fupplied. Deficiency of the fund for*Watefaing and cleanfing, how to be fupplied. Expences of this aft to be paid in the firft place. Accounts to be kept. Saving the rights of the city of Edinburgh. Publick aft.

CAP. XVL

An act for deepening, cleanfing, icouring, preferving and maintaining, the harbour of Port Glafgow, for enlarging and improving the quay* and piers, for erefting new breafts, jettees, and piers, and for regulating fliipe, lighters, and other vefTels, trading into and going out of the (aid harbour § and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Preamble. No pier, Sec. to be built eaft-ward of Black Houfe Nock. No wharfs. Sec* to be erefted on the lands belonging to Mr. Hamilton. Provifo. Tmftees appointed. Harbour duties to be paid, after June 1,1771. What (hips. Sec. are exempted from duties. Matters to allow their (hips, Sec. to be meafured by the truftees, or forfeit 51. Truftees to appoint collectors, receivers, and other officers, and to fettle their falaries. Collectors to give fecurity to the truftees. Mafters of vefTels to produce receipts of the pay* snent of the duties before (hips are cleared. Harbour-duties to be levied, ia cafe of refofal lo pay them, by diftrefs and fale. Ship-mailers. Sec. evading the payment of the duties, to forfeit 5I and be (till liable tor the rates. Truftees may borrow 50001. on the credit of the duties. Duties received to be applied (after paying expence of the aft) towards improving the harbour. Sec. Obftruftions, Sec. in the harbour may be removed by the magiftrates. Ships, Sec. unfit for fervice to be moved out of the harbour at the owners expence. And in cafe payment, be refuted, to be levied by diftrefs. Goods not to remain on the quays or piers longer than forty* eight hours. Truftees may hire ware-houfes for lodging goods fo removed. Gunpowder, and other combuftible matter, not to remain on quays or piers longer than *4 hours, on forfeiture of 10I. Ships and veftAs may be removed from one birth to another, by order of the water baillie. Sec* Matter, Sec. hindering a removal to forfeit 101. Vefiels coming into the harbour in diftrefs, to have the preference as to the birth and dilcharge, of other (hips; matter, Stc. refuting, to forfeit yoI. Perfons throwing ballatt, Sec. into the harbour to forfeit 401. Ballad thrown on the quays, &c. to be immediately removed on pain of 40 s. Mafters of vefiels anfwerable for damages done by their crews. Herrings, and other fi(h, not to be packed, or he on the quays- Water bailiff or more matter to in-fpeft into the (late of the piers. Fines and forfeitures, amounting to 5!. how to be fued for, recovered, and applied. Fines not amounting to 5 1, how to be recovered. Penalties may be mitigated. For getting materials, and levelling the pits. If proper materials cannot be got in commons, See. private grounds may be ufed| making (atisfgftion for the damage.

C 4	Truftees

Anno duodedmo Georgu III. c. 17.	t(772*

Truffees im powered to mike roads to the harbour through common or private ground. &c. after making fatistattion. Provilo. Perfons deft rowing the works deemed guilty of felony. Bye laws, may be made by the Magi Orates of Glafeow. The perlbns who (hill be appointed commiifioners tor authoring, aec. all the works, &c. How comnrifiijners are to be cho-fen on behalf of the merchants of Glafgow g and bow for the merchants of Port Glafgow. General annual meeting to be held at Glafgow * and tne commiifioners to bear their own expenses. Commiifioners at the annual meetings may adjourn from time to time. Rates may be Uflened with confent of rruttees and creditors. Rates and duties to ceafe on repayment of money barreled Saving the jurifditt on* of the city ot Glasgow, and the rights of lords of manors. MagiArares, Sec. of Doobartoa to et:joy former privileges. A tt may be pleaded in actions brought m purfaance thereof. Sheriffs, dec. to alfitt in the execution of the Publick ad.

CAP. XVII.

An ad for lighting fuck part of the town of Iflington as lies in the parifc of Saint Mary, lUington, in tre county or Midd.eftx j *nd for eftablilh-ing a regular nightly watch therein, preamble Commiffioneis names. Commiifioners, when reduced to left than forty, others to be chofen. Ten day* publick nonce to be given of the election of commiifioners. Qualification of commiifioners. Penalty of atting if not qualified. No victualler. Sec. to aft as a commiffioner. Firlt meeting. Notice of adjourned publick meetings to be given 10 com. iniflionert * and il a (ufficient number do not attend, publick notice to be given of the next nvetuig. Commiifioners to defray their own charges. No commiflioner to be inccrefted in any contrail, &c. and if interelled, to forfeit iojI. Commiffioner* may appoint a trejfurer. See. Treafurerto

Sive fecurity. Trcafurer to give tw.nty days notice of removing. Oa eath of treafurer, executors, «c to account. Cominifiioners to f.ttle and afcerrain the fum to be raKed for the enfuing year, and,fign a rate or af-iefTment by way of pound-rate. Landlords to pay the rate for houfes lett out in apartments, or ready-furntfhed to lodgers: goods of lucb lodgers !h ill be liable to pay the rate. Per font to pay the rate in'proportion to tie time of occupying houfes, Sec, Commiifioners to compound or remit the rate to perloni who may appear unable to pay. Collectors to be appointed by the commiifioners. Collectors to account, on oath, for all furas received by them. In cafe of retufal to deliver vouchers, Sec. to be committed for fix calendar months. Goods may be affeffed in another county. Cd« kftors may infpeft the land tax and poors rates bjoks, gratis. Rates under former afts difeontinued. Perloni rated, refufing to pay, the fumi to be levied by diitrefs. Qn collectors removing out of the town, dying, or if guilty of any negleft, or becoming in foment, another proper perfon to be appointed. Collett or removing out of town, to give so days notice in writing to the vicar, &c. of the parifli< and to account, dec. and if be Hull die in his office, his executors, &c. to deliver vouchers. Sec. to a proper perfon appointed by the commiifioners. Arrears of rates how to be recovered. Allowance to he made to colkftors. Collectors to give fecurity. No collector to aft as a truftee. Deficiencies of one year to be made good by the next. Surplus to be carried to next year's account. Commiifioners to di-rett the number qf lamps. Sec. and they may appoint or contratt with per-ions for the Taipei and direft how and wnere they arc to be placed, kc. The property of the lamps, polls, dec. veiled in commiifioners. Perloni breaking or damaging lamps, polls, irons. Sec. For firff offence, 101. lor Second offence. 15s. And for fubequent offences 10s. In cafe ofrefufalto be levied by diftrefs. Commiifioners to dirett the number of watchmen. Sec. Commiifioners to make ufe of the prefent watch-houfe fjtuate in the town. Copy of orders for the watchmen to be figned, and gifon to them feverally. Duty of the watchmen. Commiifioners to appoint fupervifur*. If any watchman be negligent, fupervifor to appoint another till next meeting. Supervifor negletting to make good hi* complaint tgainft a ppgligent watchman to forfeit sg s» and being negligent in nil doty, Sec. to

forfeit

177**] Anno duodecimo Georoii HI. c. 18,19.

forfeit, for every offence, 40 *. Supervisor* to attend the commifliofter* at tbeir Several meetings, or forfeit 10 * for every wilful negleft. Com mi u fioners to make an allowance to fupervifors. Punishment on watchmen neglecting duty. Watchmen neglecting to attend, others to be appointed.

The property of watch-boufes, boxes. Hand*, &c. built for the ptrirpofes hereof, to be veiled in the commiflionen. Penalties and forfeitures how to be applied. Justices of the peace to administer oaths. Penalties may b* mitigated. CommiSEoners, who are in the commiilion of the peace, may aCfc as justices. Proceedings to be entered in books 3 and all perfons concerned may infpeCt the fame without fee, Sec. Commissioners to appoint a clerk. Notice of meetings to be given. Writings, Sec. to be without itamps. Incidental charges to be defrayed out of the rates. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter*feilions, whole order Shall be final. Proceedings not to be quaShed for want of form, nor removeable by certi&rari.

Dili Ms not unlawful for want of form, nor the parry be deemed a trefpaf-fer ok tnitiv. Plaint iff not to recover, if tender of amends bath been made. Limitation cf aCtioas. General iffue. Treble colts. Publick aCh

CAP. XVIII.

An a8 for the better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets and lanes in the town and parish of Chatham, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein. -

CAP. XIX.

An a£f to enable bis Majefiy to grant certain boufes in Fen-church-ftreet and Addle-ftreer, in the city of London, efebeated to the crown by the death of lieutenant-general John Brown, without heir, unto Frederick Montagu Efquire, and his heirs, upon the trujls therm mentioned.

WHEREAS lieutenant general John Brown, late of Hub- preamble.

bard’s Hall, in the county of Eflcx, Efquire, deceafid, be-ing feifed of\ or intitlcd in, fee'fimple to the meffuages or dwelling-boufes in Fcnchurch-ftrcct and Addle-ftreet, London, berein-after mentioned, duly made and publifbed his laji will and tejlament in writing, bearing date the feventeenth day of April, one tboufand/even hundred andfifty fix, and attefed by three witnqffes\ and did thereby (amongft other things) give and devife bis boufes in Fenchurch-ftreet, and one in Addle-ftreet aforefaid, to the charity of the Foundling Iiofpital; and he thereby appointed the right honourable lady Frances Burgoyne, the wife of Sir Roger Burgoyne baronet% . foie executrix of bis laji will: and whereas the jaid general John Brown, by a codicil to his foid Will, bearing date the twenty-third day of April, one tboufand jfeven hundred and fifty-fix, expreffed him-[elf as follows; that is to fay, if wanting of legal forms my bequeft to the Foundling Hfpital (hall not take place, I then give thefe houfes to miftrefs Ann Becber9 (he paying her brother five hundred pounds; and whereas the /aid codicil was attejled only by one witnefs: and whereas Ann Lucy Becher fpinftery in the jbid codicil called miftrefs Ann Becher, in the year one tboufand j'even hundred and fixty-three9 intermarried with Thomas Clarke, colonel in his Majejlfs Coldftream regiment of foot guards: and whereas the faii John Brown died in the year one tboufand f even hundred and fixty-four, without if see ofhis bqdy3 and without having made any other

difpofitiog

Anne duodecimo Georgii III. c. 19.	[1772.

4iifoofition of the faid boufts : and whereas tie feud John Brown was the natural or reputed fen of the honourable general Henry Luralej dectafed who was the great uncle of the /aid lady Frances Burgoyne: and whereas after the due ofe of the fold John Brown, certain differences arofe between tbo feud Sir Roger Burgoyne and lady Frances Hs wife* and Thomas Clarke, and Ann Lucy bis wife, in relation to their refpeftivc claims or pritenfionSy under the feud will, end the codicils of the faid general Brown: and whereas the faid Sir Roger Burgoyne and lady Frances bis wife, and Thomas Clarke and Ann Lucy his wife, afterwards fettled the matters in difference between them in an amicable manner: and by indenture of four parts, bearing date the twenty-eighth day of March, one tboufandfevtn hundred and fewnty> and made between the faid Sir Roger Bur-goync, end lady Frances bis wife of the firft fart; the faid Thomas Clarke, and Ann Lucy his wife of the fecond part; Joyner Becher of Wokingham, in the county of Berks gentleman, brother of the faid Ann Lucy Clarke, of the third part; and Henry Lake tf Sunning, in the faid county of Berks gentleman of the fourth part\ it was {amongfi other things) agreed, that alI the faid parties thereto Jhould ufe all the means in their power to procure an inquifition to it found whereby the faid hotlfes might be vejied in bis Majefty; and that immediately after fucb inquifition Jhould be found, the faid Thomas Clarke and Ann Lucy bis wife, and Sir Roger Burgoyne and lady Frances bis wife* jhould jointly prefent an bumble petition, orufi fucb other means, by application to parliament, or otherwife, as council Jhould advifey in order that the faid boiufes might be granted to, or vejied in Frederick Montagu a/rapptewicke, in the county 0/Nottingham, efqmre, (being a perfon mutually appointed by the fold Sir Roger Burgoyne and lady Frances his wife> and Thomas Clarke and Ann Lucy his wife*) his heirs and afjigns, upon trufty and to the intent that be, his heirs or affigns, might fell the famehoufts for the moft money, and at the bejl price that could be got for tbo Jaw, with the approbation of the faid Sir Roger Burgoyne and lady Frances bis wife, Thomas Clarke and Ann Lucy bis wifey and tbeir rtfpeflive heirsy executors, and adminifirators, and that the faid Frederick Mont^u, his heirs and ajfignsy jhould apply the money to arift by fucb faky in the manner therein and berein-after mentioned; thot is to fay, in the firft place, in the payment of whatever the rents of the Jaid premifes Jhould falljbort of paying of the charges and expires therein mentioned •, and, in the next place, in payment ef all cop, charges, and expences, of applying for, and obtaining fucb grout or ad of parliament, and all other expences incident to fucb fale \ and, so the next place, in payment to the faid Joyner Becher, his executors or admmjhaiors of the fum of force hundred pmndsy in lieu of, and ftiisfattien for, the faid fum offive hundred poundsy given to him bp the fold codicil 5 and in paymenty in the next place, to the faid Thomas Clarke, of the fum of one hundred pounds, in full for bis cop of the Juits therein mentionedand that after the faid fevoral pet meats Jhould be made, the remainder of tbo money to arife by fucb fait, together with the furplas of the faid rents* (if any) Jhould be eptallf divided wit Moi(tiey$ and that one moiety thereof Jhould be faid to tbt

Anno duodecimo Gsorcii III. c* f 9,

faid Thomas CJarke and Ann Lucy bis wife, their executors, ad-miniflratorSi or ajfigns, 0*4 f&rt fhe ether moiety thereof Jbould be paid te the faid lady France* Burgoyne, her executory admimfira-tors* or ajfigns: and whereas a writ of tjcbeat, bearing date the nine* teenth day of April* in the tenth year of the reign of Ids preftnt Me-jefty, did tjfue, dire fled to the lord mayor of London, whereby hi was directed to enquire (amongfl other things) whan and where the find John Brown died* and whether, without any heir or not, and if without any heir, what mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditamentst end of what yearly value he had at the time of bis deaths and of whoa eftate be died feifed in the city of London* and if he made or executed any deed or will whereby be meant to grant or difpofe of the feme % and fucb meJTuages and hereditaments, which were of toe faid John Brown at the time of his death, which in right of his MajtJlyS prerogative ought to devohe to his Majtjly, the Jatd lord mayor was thereby commanded tafiize into his Majesty's bands: and whereas on the fsxteenth day of July, one tboufand /even hundred and fevenly -ant an indenture and inquifition were duly executed and taken at Guild* bally in the city i/Xondon, between Brafs Crafty efyuire, then lord mayor of London, and efehcator of his Majesty within the faid dty% of the one part, and the fevtral perfons whofe names and feats were thereunto fet jurors on the part and behalf of his Majesty, of the other part, whereby it was founds {amongfl other things,) that the faid John Brown died at Dijon in Fiance, about the beginning of the year one tboufand feven hundred and fixty-four, without any heir, and that be was at bis death feifed in fee of two mejfuages or tenements* Jltuate in the parijb of Saint Gabriel, in the city of London, cue of which was then in tie pojfejfton of George Blakefley, at the yearly rent of thirty-one pounds, and that the ether of the faid mejfuages 9vat then in the occupation of Elizabeth Hayes widow, at the yearly rent of fifty pounds*, and that he was alfo feifed of a nujfuage, with the appurtenances, in Addle-'ftrect, in the parijb tf/Saint Faith the Virgin, Aldermanbury, in the faid city, then in the tenure of Sarah Adney, at dbg yearly rent of fifteen pounds; and that the faid three mejfuages or tenements were held of his Majesty in Soccage, and that the food John Brown made ana publijbed fucb will and codicil of fiub rejpetthvi dates and purports, and attefied rejpeflively as herein before is mentioned, and the faid Brafs Crofny did thereby certify, that be bad ftized and taken the faid three mejfuages with their appurtenances into the bands of his Mojefly: And whereas the faid Sir Roger Burgoyne and dame Frances his wife, colonel Thomas Clark# and Ann Lucy Isis wife Joyner Becher, and Frederick Montagu* bn a petition prefented to the lords commijfioners of his Majeftfs trea-fury, did pray, that their lord/bips would move his Majesty to content that a bill might be brought into parliament, for tufting tbe faid hu+ fes in the faid Frederick Montagu, and his heirs, for tbe Purpofas mentioned in the faid indenture of the twenty-eighth of March, one tbassfand fatten hundred and faventy: And whereas your Majefty bath been graewsfly pleafed to eonfint that the faid hmsjfts* now eftheated to the crown, may he granted to* and veiled in the faid Frederick Montagu, bis heir* and ajfigns, upon the irsfts berpn b(ftrt mentioned,

and

1}	Anno	duodecimo Georgii III. c. 19.	[1772,

*/ri in and if the faid indenture of the twenty-eighth of March, m fhoufand feven hundred and fevtnfy* expreffid and declared; but, as the inheritance in fee-fimple of the faid boufes, new veftedin the crew*, eannet be effectually granted or difpofod of without the fanflim, rid, and authority of an afl of Parliament 5 May it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty (at the humble requeft and petition of the faid fir.Re^ Burgoyne and lady Frances his wife, Thomas CMt and Ann £09his wife, Joyner Becker, and Frederick Montagu) that it may be enadted \ ara be it enaded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lotds fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall be j lawful to and for the King’s moft excellent majefty, his heirs Bit Majefty and fucceflors, at any time or times hereafter, by any letters Pt^ericj[n to patent, indenture or indentures, under the great feat of Greet Montagu, kc. Britain, hereafter to be made, to grant, convey, and aflure, certain mef- unto the faid Frederick Montagu, and his heirs, the faid two fuagei in Fen* mefluages, or dwelling-houfes, fituate in Fencburcb-freet afore-church-meet, an<j the faid memiage, or d welling-houfc, fituate in Aillt-Jlreet aforefaid, herein-before particularly mentioned and de-(cribed, and now efeheated to the crown, with all and fingukr out-houfes, edifices, yards, backfides, ways, waters, water-courfes, lights, eafements, liberties, privileges, profits, commodities, advantages, emoluments, hereditaments, and appurtenances to the fame, and every or any of them belonging, or in anywife appertaining, and the reverfion and reverfions, remainder and remainders, yearly and other rents, iflues, and profits, of all and Angular the faid mefluages and premifes, to have and to hold the faid mefluages or dwelling-houfes, with the appurtenances thereto belonging, unto and to the ufe of the faid Frederick Montagu, his heirs and afligns, for ever; but nc-vertheiefs upon truft, and to the intent that he the faid Frederick Montagu, his heirs or afligns, do and (hall fell the fame boufes for the moft money, and at the beft price that can be got for the fame, with the approbation of the faid fir Roger Burgoyne and lady Frances his wife, Thomas Clarke and Ann Lucy his wife, and their refpe&ive heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, and that he the faid Frederick Montagu* his heirs and afligns, do and (hall apply the money to arife by fuch fate in the manner and for the purpofes in and by the faid indenture of the twenty-eighth of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, mentioned and declared of and concerning the fame.

Such convey- II. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ance, fo made. That any fuch grant, conveyance, or aflurance of the faid prevail be efkc- mifes, or any part thereof, as (hall be made by his Majesty, his J-	heirs or fucceflors, by any fuch letters patent, indenture or in-

lundiog.1 * dentures, as aforefaid, in purfuance of this a£t, (hall be, and is and are hereby enadted to be good and effectual in the law, according to the tenor and purport thereof in the faid letters patent, indenture or indentures, to be exprefled, notwithftanding any reftridtion. matter, or thing contained in an a A of parliament

3	~	madt

1772.} Anno duodecimo GeoRGII III/c. 20/	ky

made in the firft year of the reign of her late majefty Queen

jfnner intituled, An act for the bitter fupport of her Majefty* 1 Aft 1 Amue.

beufehold, and of the honour and dignity of the (town, or any other

law or ftatute, or any mifrccital or non-recital, omiffion, or

other defeft in the faid letters patent, indenture or indentures*

hereafter to be made, in any-wife notwithstanding.

III.	And it is hereby further enafted and declared, by theon file of the authority aforefaid. That after any fuch grant, conveyance, or premifes, Frew alfurance of the faid premifes, or any part thereof, mall have deriek Moo-

' been made by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs as aforefaid,	“SJ

and when the faid premifes, or any part thereof, (hall be fold receipts for by the faid Frederick Montagu, his heirs or affigns, in purfuance the money, of this aft, it (hall and may .be lawful for the faid Frederick	ibe

Montagu, his heirs and afligns, to give and fign one or mor®charewl receipt or receipts for the money to arife by any (uch fale; which * receipt or receipts (hall be a good and effeftua) difchargc or discharges to the purchafer or purebafers of the faid premifes, or any part thereof, and to his, her, and their heirs and affigns, for fo much money as in fuch receipt or receipts (hall be ex* prefled or acknowledged to be received; and fuch purchafer or' purchalers, his, her, or their heirs or affigns, (hall not after* wards be anfwerable or accountable for any lofs, application, mif-application, or non-application of the (aid purchafc-moncy, or any part thereof,

IV.	Saving always to all and every perfon and perfons, bo- s*ving all indies politick and corporate, his, her, and their heirs, fucceflbrs, tereft therein executors, and adxniniftrators, (other than and except the King’s to perfons molt excellent majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the faid fir conwned, Roger Burgoyne and lady Frances his wife, Thomas Clarkt and Ann

Lucy his wife, Joyner Becher, and Frederick Montagu, their re* fpeftive heirs, executors, and adminiftrators), all fuch eftate, right, title, and intereft of, in, to, or out of the faid premifes, or any part thereof, as they, or any of them, could or might have had if this aft had not been made.

GAP. XX.

An aft far ibe more efeftual proceeding againft perfons ft and-ing mute on their arraignment for felony, or piracy.

FOR the more effeftual proceeding againft perfons ftanding mute on preimye# their arraignment for felony, or piracy, be it enafted by the King’s raoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con* fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That if any perfon, from and after the'paffing of this aft, be- P«r*bn$ here-ing arraigned on any indiftment, or appeal for felony, or on ^ned for**” any indiftment for piracy, (hall, upon fuch arraignment, ftandfcjf”y> 0°r mute, or will not anfwer direftly to the felony, or piracy, fuch piracy* perfon fo ftanding mute, as aforefaid, (hall be convifted of the ftandingmite* felony or piracy charged in fuch indiftment or appeal} and \TT\ the court before whom he (hall be fo arraigned (hall thereupon }^ny £r uc

award piracy.



Rrorifiont of ♦bit aSt to extend to America.

Amro duodecimo Georgii III. c. 21.	("1772.

award judgement and execution againft fuch per fen, in the fame manner as if fuch perfon been convi&ed by verdi& or confeffiof* of the felony, or piracy, charged m fuch indidfenent or appal; and fuch judgement (hall have all the fame conferences in every refpe&.as if fuch perfon had been convidfced by verdift or confeflion of fueh felony or piracy, and judgement bad been thereupon awarded.

II. And be it further ena&cd, That the provifions of thisatt (hall extend to his Majesty’s colonies and plantations in Jmerice,

CAP. XXI.

,	At aft for giving relief in proceedings upon writs of Man-

damns, for the ddmijfion of freemen into corporations \ and for other purpefes therein mentioned.

Preamble. \\7 H E R E A S divert perfons, who hove a right to be admitted V V citizens, burgeffts, or freemen, of divers cities, towns corporate^ boroughs, cinque portSy and places, within that part of Great Britain sailed England and Wales, being refufed to be admitted thereto, have, in many cafes, no other ordinary remedy to procure tbcmfelves to be admitted to the franchifes of being citizens, burgejfa, or freemen, than by writs of Mandamus, the proceedings on which are very dilatory and expenfivt; and, although any fuch writ tf Mandamus is obeyedy the perfon applying is neverthelefs put to grist anduumeeffkry trouble, delay, and expence: and whereas by the km now in being, in many cafes, no provifum is made for giving co/h tt the party fuing out any fuch writ where the fame is obeyed; for remedy whereof, he it enabled by the King's moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and content of the lord* fpirituil uu a «. aRd temporal, anrf commons, in this prefent parliament affemb-i, 177a,Uany	rod by the authority of the fame, That from and after the

perfon intit- firft day of Augufi, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, led to be ad- where any perfbn (hall be intitled to be admitted a citizen, bur-mitted a citi- gCfs^ or freemen, of any fuch city, town corporate, borough, any rity,°and c>n<lue Porti or place* and (hall apply to the mayor, or other per-applying to	fon, officer or officers, in fuch city, town corporate, borough,

themayor.&c. cinque port, or place, who hath or have authority to admit ci-for that pur- tizens, burgeffes, and freemen therein, to be admitted a citizen, siring him burgefs, or freeman thereof; and (hall give notice, fpecifying notict, fpeci- the nature of his claim, to fuch mayor, or other officer or offi-fying the na- cers, that if he or they (hall not fo admit fuch perfon a citizen, me ot his burgefs, or freeman, within one month from the time of fuch if fudi mayor,notice* the court of King's Bench will be applied tb for a writ of fccK ftudl re * Mandamus, to compel fuch admiflion ; and if fuch mayor, or fufe to admit other officer or officers, (hall, after fuch notice, refufe or neg-fu*h P<£(<w* ledt to admit fuch perfon, and a writ of Mandamus (hall after-mu fcahlffue, war<^s ^ue to-compel fuch mayor, or other officer or officers, to for compelling nialee fuch admiflion, and, in obedience to fuch writ, fuch per-bit admiflion, fons (hall be admitted by the faid mayor, or other officer or officers, a citizen, burgefs, or freeman of fuch city, town corporate, borough, cinque port, or place, then fuch perfon IMt

unlefs

T77«-] Aftno duodecimo GeoRGTI III. c.12.

(unlefs the court (hall fee juft caufe to the contrary) obtain an<f receive from the faid mayor, or other officer or officers, fo neglecting or refufing as aforefaid, all the cofts to which he mayor to (hall hare been put in applying for. obtaining and ferving fuch cqA* writ of Mandamus, and enforcing the fame, by a rule to be made by the court out of which fuch writ (hall iffue, for the payment thereof, together with the cofts of applying fpr, obtaining, ferving, and enforcing the faid rule; and if the rule fo to be made (hall not be obeyed, then the fame (hall be enforced in fuch manner as other rules made by the faid court are or may be enforced by law.

II. And, in order that it may be known what perfons are, Freemen to from time to time, admitted freemen or burgeffes of any city, ^infaeft d* corporation, borough, or cinque port, be it further cnafted by Cntri^^ ad« the authority aforefaid. That the mayor, bailiff, town clerk, or mifllon, Ac. other officer of any city, corporation, borough, or cinaue port, and to take having thq cuftody of, or power over, the records of tne fame, coP1Mt|wreofc (hall, upon the demand of any two freemen or burgeffes, permit fuch freemen or burgeffes, and their agent or agents, at any time wbatfoever, between the hours of nine in the morning and three in the afternoon, to infpeft the entries of admiffion of freemen, burgeffes, or other inferior corporators, and to take copy or extracts therefrom, paying for every fuch infpedtion two (hillings and fixpeqee; and for every fuch copy or extract, not exceeding feventy-two words, the fum of four-pence; Mayor, and fo in proportion for all fuch copies or extracts: and if any liff, Ac. demayor, bailiff, town clerk, or other officer, (hall refiife or deny nying infpec* the infoeftion of any fuch entries, or to give copies or extracts thereof, as before directed j he or they (hall, for every fuch de- give copies nial orrefufal, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds thereof; frail, to any perfon who (hall fue for the fame; to be recovered, with f°r e*cry re-full cofts of fuit, by aftion of debt, in any of his Majesty’s courts of records at IVtJlminfler; in which action, it (hall be to be recover* fufficient for the plaintiff to alledge in his declaration, that the ed by action defendant or the defendants is or are indebted to the (aid plain* of debt, tiff in the fum of one hundred pounds for money had and re-ceived to his ufe; provided that fuch adtion (hall be commenced {JJ year within the (pace of one year after the caufe of it (hall have arifen, after the caufe and not afterwards.	frail have

CAP. XXII.	"»fcn-

An aft far deepening, cleaning, fcouring. preferving, and maintaining, the harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving the quays and piers; for erefting docks, breads, jetteer, and piers; and for regulating (hips, lighters, and other veflVls, trading into and going out of the faid harbour; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Preamble. Proved, bailies, Ac. impowered to deepen, clean, Ac. the harbour of Ayr; who are annually to be appointed trudees. What harbour duties are to be paid. Exemptions from duties. Ships and veflels to be meafured $ and if the owner refufe, to forfeit < 1. Truftees to appoint collectors, receivers, and other officers, and to fettle their fees, Ac. Collectors, Ac. to keep books. General accounts of receipts and payments to be dated. Evading the payment of the duties, how to be prevented.

Harbour dudes to be levied in cafe of refufal to pay them. Traders, Ac. sf (hips evading the payment of duties, to forfeit % f. Trudees may borrow

3*	Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23.	[177*.

row money. Rates and duties, after paying expences of the aft, to be applied in improving the harbour. Obftruftions in the harbour to be re. moved. Ships unferviceable not to lie in the dock*, piers, &c. Goods. &c, remaining on the wharfs above a certain time, officers to remove them at the expence of the owners. Truftees may hire warehoufcs. Gunpowder, and other combuftible matter, not to remain on quays or piers above a certain time, unlefs proper perfons be appointed to guard them, or forfeit 10I. Shipa, Sec. may be removed from one birth to another. Matters, &c. refuting to remove (hips, See. afrer proper notice, to for eit sol. coming into the harbour in diftrefs, to have the preference as to the birth and di(charge, or the matter fo refuting to forfeit sol. Matters of vdfcii to lower the fails before they enter the docks, or forfeit 5I. Ballaft, See. not to be thrown into the harbour, or forfeit 40s. Balialt thrown on the quays to be removed immediately, or foi ftnt 40s. Matters of vejfth made anfwerable for damages done by their crews. Water bailiff and ftore matter to infpeft ftate of the harbour. Fines and forfeitures above 51, how to be recovered and applied. Other fines. See. how to be recovered. Penalties may be mitigated. Truftees i no powered to open ftone quarries, and dig for (and, Sec. in watte grounds; and, for want of fufticient mate-' rials in commons, private grounds may be ufed. Making fat is faft ion to owners. ' Roads may be made to the harbour through commou or private grounds, &c. Perfons wilfully dcltroying any of the works to be adjudged guilty of felony, and may be tranfported. Truftees, at a general meeting, may make bye-la*s, Sec. Perfons lending money for the purpofes of the aft, intitled to a (bare in the management. Sec. and may chufe truftees. Time and place of the general meetings. Duties may be Uffcncd. Commencement and continuance of the aft. It may be pleaded in aftioni brought. Sherifff Sec to aflift in the execution Of the aft. Publick aft.

CAP. XXIJI.

An ail far the relief of insolvent debtors \ and for indemnifying tie marfhaVof the King’s Bench prifon from prof editions at laWy for certain efcapes from the feud prifon.

Preamble, TT THERE AS many trerfons% by Ioffes, and other misfortunes,, art V V rendered incapable of paying their whole debts; and though they are willing to make the utmoft fatisfaftion they can, and many of them are able to ferve his Majefly by fea or land* yet are detained in prifon by their creditors, or have been farced to go into foreign parts out of this realm: and whereas fucb unhappy debtors have always been deemed the proper objefls of publick companion; and, by feveral alts of parliament, have been difebarged on the conditions in fucb alls mentioned: for the relief therefore of insolvent prifoners and fugitives, who (hall comply with the terms contained in this aft, to be refpeftively obfervea by them, and faithfully difeover, upon oath, and deliver up and 3ffign, all their effefts and eftates whatfoever for the benefit of their creditors; and to prevent, as far as, poffible, the many frauds and abufes which, in a great meafure, have ohftrufted the good ends of fnch afts; be it en-Alpbabetjcal acted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the ad-htts to be vice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and coax-made out of mons, in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and bv the autho-wftod^for1 rity	That	from and after the paffing of this aft, all

deb°on Jan.i, anc* evcry gaoler, or keeper of any prifon, in any county, rid->77*,grfmee ing, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, within this king-tfastfUtei dom, (hall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, exaft,

1772,] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.23;	33

and perfect lift, alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every perfon or perfons who, upon the firft day of January, one Firft day of thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, was or were, or at Jan. 177*, any time lince have been, and at the time of making out every fuch lift (hall be, really an aftual prifoner or prifoners, in the cuftody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prifon refpec-tively, upon any procefs whatfoever, for or by reafon of any debt, damage, cofts, fum or fums of money, contempt, or otherwife, and an account of the time when fuch prifoner or the t;mt prifoners was' or were refpe&ively charged in cuftody, or received when charg-in prifon, together with the name or names of the perfon or cd, and at perfons at whofe fuit or profecution fuch prifoner or prifoners is whofe fuit * or are detained; and (hall deliver the feme,to the juftices of the peace, at their firft or fecond general or general quarter feflions Th« fame to of the peace, to be held after the palling of this aft, or at fome l^to^hequar. adjournment thereof, for fuch county, riding, divifion, city, ter feflions. town, place, or liberty refpeftivcly.

II.	And be it further enafted. That the warden of his Ma- The warden of jefty’s prifon of the Fluty and marlhal of the King’s Bench pri- the Fleet, and fon, (hall fevjerally, on the delivering in of any fuch lift of pri- !*ar(ha1’ th* foners in their refpeftive cuftody, take an oath in the open court toc"acke of fuch general or general quarter-feflion of the peace, or at the following fome adjournment thereof, to the effeft following; (that is to fay) oath on delivering in their

I A B, upon my corporal oatby in the prefence of Almighty Gody do ***"• folemnty fweary profefty and declare9 That all and every perfon and perfons, whofe name or names is or are inferted and contained in the firft part of the: lift by me now delivered in and fubferibedy was and weriy to the bejl of my knowledge and beliefy upon the fir (I day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and Jeventy-twoy really and truly prifonersy in aftual cuftody, in the prifon or gaol of [infert the name of the prifon] at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfon or perfons therein refpeftively mentioned 5 and affo that all and every perfon and perfonSy whofe name or names is or are inferted or contained in the fecond part of the faid lift now by me delivered in and fubferibed as aforefaidy bavey [wee the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-twoy been committed or furrendered to the faid gaol or prifon of [infert the name of the gaol or prifon] at the Juit or Juits of the feveral perfon or perfons therein refpeftively mentioned; except fuch perfon or perfons who is or are in Juch lift particularly mentioned and deferibed to have diedy been difehargedy or removed to fome other prifony by procefs of law, time the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred andfeventy-two 5 and alfo except fuch perfon or perfons who is or are in Juch lift particularly mentioned and deferibed to have bun permitted to have gone out of the faid prifony by day rules of the court of [Common Pleas, or King’s Bench, as * the cafe (hall be] ftnee the faid firft day of January, one thoufand fiven hundred and feventy-twOy to tranfaft their affairs; and alfo except fuch perfon or perfons who is or ar$ therein alfo particularly* mentioned and deferibed to havey upon the faid firft day of January, one thoufand [even hundred and feventy-twoy or fincey been in the rules of the faid prifon [of the Fleet, or Vol. XXX.	D	King's

34	Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.i%.	[1772,

King’s Bench, as the cafe (hall be] by leave of the [warden, or xnarmal of the (aid prifon, as the cafe (hall be] and have, to the biji of my knowlege and belief really and truly, ever fince, continued and remained in actual cuftody in the faid prifon [of the Fleet, or King’s Bench, as the cafe (hall be] or the liberties thereof at the fuit or fuits of the feveral per font in the faid lift refpe&wely mentioned [and ir any prifoners have, fince the (aid firft day of Jom-ary, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, efcaped out r	of either of the faid prifons then infert] except [infert the name

or names of the prifoner or prifoners who have efcaped] who, without my knowledge, privity, or corf ext, bath or have efcaped out of the faid prifon of	and	that

the faid lift is a true, exact, perf eCt, and juft lift, of aU fuch persons who were really and truly prifoners in ahum cuftody in the faid gaol or prifon of	on	the	faid firft day y January,

one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, and who* finu the foil firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, have been committed t% and really have been, and now is, or are prifoner or prifoners in actual cuftody in the find gaol or prifon of

or the liberties thereof \ and that none of fuch prifoners, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have, voluntarily, or with deftgn, or in expectation to take any benefit from or under any aft of parliament to be made for relief of infohent id-tors, furrendered themfelves, or been committed to the faid prifon, or got their names entered as prifoners in the booh of the find prifon-, or fince the fame firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred onl feventy-two, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have refill out of the faid prifon of	or the rules	thereof

[but if any have lo done, add, except	naming

fuch by name]

Other gaolers, And that every other gaoler and Jkeeper of any other prifon or on delivering prifons in any county, city, town, riding, divifion, place, or in their lifts, liberty, (hall feverally^ on the delivering in of any fuch lift re-

1° be with fP*aivcly> ta*ce an oatk *n °Pen court the general or om go . gencfa] quarter*feffions of the county, city, town, divifion, liberty, or place, for which he or (he (hall deliver in any fuch • lift, and fwear to the effeft following; (that is to fay)

I’ A B, upon my corporal oath, in the prefeme of Almighty Gad, is folemnly fwear, profefs, and declare, That all and every perfsn and perfons, whofe name or names art inferted or contained in the firft part of the lift by me now delivered in and fubferibed, was ani were, to the bejl of my knowledge and belief, upon the firft day of Januafy, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, really anl truly prifoners in actual cuftody, in the prifon or gaol of at the fuit or . fuits of the feveral perfons therein refpcCHvely mn* tioned 5 and alfo that all and every perfem and perfons, whofe name or names is or are inferted or contained in the fecond part of the foil lift now by me delivered in and fubferibed as afore faid, have, finittht fetid firft day of January, me thoufand feven hundred and fevenly-

m

35

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.23."

two* been committed or furrendered to the faid gaol or prifon of

(if any fuch prifoner or prifoners hath or have, fince the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, been committed or furrendered to fuch gaol or prifon) at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfon or perfbns therein refpeftively mentioned; except [if any exception is neceflary] fuch per font as are therein particularly mentioned and de-fcribed to have died, been difcharged, or removed to Jome other prifon by procefs of law, or to have efcoped out of fuch prifon, without my privity 1 knowledge, or confent, fence the Jatd firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two $ and that all and every of them, wkofe name and names is and are contained in the firft part of the faid lift, (except as before excepted) to the beft of my knowledge and belief have really and truly continued in aftuat cuftody, in the faid gaol or prifon of	ever	ftnce the faid firft day of

January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two; and that the faid lift is a true, exaft, perfeft, and juft lift, of all fuch per-fons as were really and truly prijoners in actual cuftody, in the faid gaol or prifon of	on	the faid firft day of January,

one thoufand Jeven hundred and feventy-two, and who, fence the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two* have been really ana truly committed, or furrendered to the faid gaol or prifon of	(except	as before excepted) to the

heft of my knowledge and belief; and that none of fuch prifoners, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with defign\, or in expectation to take any benefit from or under any aft of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, furrendered, or been commit ted to the faid prifon of	or	got	his,	her,	or

their name or names entered as prifoner or prifoners in the books of the faid prifon, or, ftnce the commitment, have, to my knowledge, or with my privity, refided out of the faid prifon of

[if any have fo done, then add except	inferring	their	*

names]

Which faid refpeflive oaths the faid juftices, at the firft or fe- The oath to cond general or quarter feflion aforefaid, or at fome adjourn- ^The iu-* ment thereof, within their refpedtive jurifdidlions, are hereby fticc»in court, impowered and required to adminifter in open court; and fcthe words of the faid oath herein before directed to be taken by the faid warden and marshal refpe&ively, (hall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the'lift which (hall be delivered in by and entered them refpedrively, and (hall be fubfcribed and fworn to by them and fubfcribed refpedively in open court; and the words of the oath to be taken ^ each by every other gaoler or keeper refpeftively (hall be entered or 0 written at the end or bottom of the lift which (hall be delivered ' by them refpeftively, and (hall be fubfcribed and fworn to by them refpeftively in open court: and every fuch lift which (hall Lift to be kept be fo delivered in, fubfcribed, and fworn to, in purfuance of by thechrk this aft, (hpll be kept by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or ^ Pcacc# other officer, afting as clerk of the peace of every fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty refpeftively, in

V 2	which

3«

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23.	[1772*

which any fuch lift as aforefaid {hall be fwom to, for the better fatisfaftion of the laid juftices, and information of all or any prifoner or prifoners therein named; and lb as the lame may, from time to time, be feen and examined by any creditor or creditors of prifoner or prifoners, without fee or reward.

Copies of the III. And be it further enafted by the authority aibrefaid, lilt* to be de- That all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol be'fixed'upin or P^fon, is and are hereby required, ten days at leaft before the prifon*, the firft or fecond general or quarter feifion of the peace (hall be and on the held after the palling of this ad, for the county, riding, divi-gate* thereof. f)0n, city, town, place, or liberty, in which any gaol or prifon (hall be, or to which the fame belong, to fix up, in fome con-fpicuous place or places in every fuch prifon, and at the mod frequented and ufual gate, door, or entrance, into every fuch prifon, three or more true copies of the lift or lifts propofed or intended to be delivered in by any fuch gaoler or keeper at the j faid general or quarter feflions, or at fome adjournment thereof. | Perfontinfert. IV. And be it further enafted, That all and every perfon and ed in the lift* perfons whofe name or names (hall be inferted in any fuch lift being prifon- to be delivered in as aforefaid, who, upon the firft day of Ja-fraudalent*1 * nuarJt on® thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, were really intendon, on and truly prifoners in the aftual cuftody of any gaoler or gaolers, Jan. t, 177s. or keeper of any prifon refpeftively ot this kingdom, and did not come into or get his, her, or their names entered in the . book of any gaol or prifon as a prifoner or prifoners there, with a view or defign to take the benefit of fome aft for relief of in-. .	.	folvent debtors, and who (hall take the oath herein-after men-

to thereguia- *'on®d» and (hall perform on his or her part what is required to tions of this he done by him or her by this aft, (hall be for ever releafed and aft, (hall be difeharged from his or her imprifonment, in fuch manner as difebarged. hereafter is provided.

_	.. *	V. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-

cuftodylt'the fore^a'^» That any prifoner or prifoners who (hall be in aftual time of paIRng cuftody at the time of palling this aft, and was or were, on or tbit aft, who before the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and were arrefted feventy-two, arrefted, and in aftual cuftody of an officer, for -befw Jan" V. any ^um m fums of money by virtue of any writ or procefs iflfuing 177s, and held out of any court of record, and held to the bail thereon, and to bail, and did, on or before the twelfth day of	, one thoufand

r*nde.r*d (even hundred and feventy-two, render him, her, or themfelves, or^foreFeb!or was or were furrendered in difeharge of his, her, or their bail, as, <77*, on ' *nd thereupon committed to prifon, and has or have continued conforming to therein until the palling of this aft, by virtue of fuch cotnmit-the reguta- ment; every fuch prifoner or prifoners (hall, upon due proof of •ft'foanbe* **•* Pr®m'f®s npon oath, be difeharged from fuch debt or de-difchargtd. mand, in like manner as if fuch prifoner or prifoners had been aftually in prifon upon the faid firft day of	, one thou-

fand feven hundred and feventy-two, and continued therein as afotelaid; fubjeft neverthelefs to the fame reftriftions and provisions, and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications, herein before impofed upon prifpners aftually in

. _ .	cuftody

$7

177*.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.23?

cuftody upon the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred a/id fcventy-two; and alio fubjed to the fame terms and provifions relating to the eftate and effects of every fuch prisoner as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for juftices, upon * any juftice or juftices of any county, riding, divifion, city, town, the petition of place, or liberty, within this kingaom, upon the petition of any

fuch prifoner or prifoners to any juftice or juftices of the peace J”ringVfche-within his or their refpe&ive jurifdidtions, upon every fuch pri- dale of his foner or prifoners fo petitioning, and, at the time of his or her eftate* fo petitioning, leaving with the juftice or juftices of the peace, who (hall be fo petitioned, a true copy of the fchedule, containing his or her intended difcovery of his or her real and per-fonal eftate, to be fworn to at the firft or fecond general or quarter* feffion next enfuing after every fuch petition, or fome adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and feal, or their hands and feals, to require the (hcriff or (heriffs, gaoler orthcirwwant gaolers, or keeper of any fuch prifon within the jurifdidtion of for bringing any fuch juftice or juftices, to bring before the juftices at the the prifoner firft or fecond next general or general quarter-fcflion of the peace, tothequarter-or any adjournment thereof to be held, as the cafe (hall happen fcfliong» to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of fuch warrant, for fuch refpedlive county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any perfon being in the (aid pri- with the war-fon as aforefaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or herr*A*°fd«tain-detainer, together with a copy or copies of the caufe or caufes	writ°

which he, (he, or they, is or are charged with in any fuch gaol	*

or prifon as aforefaid, at the time aforefaid; which warrant of Gaoler, Ac. to every fuch juftice or juftices every fuch (heriff and (heriffs, gao- obey fuch ler, or keeper, is and are herebycommanded to obey.	warrant.

VII.	And be it alfo enadted, That the copy of every (bhedule Schedule of which (hall be left with any fuch juftice or juftices, (hall* with- the prifoner*# in ten days after the fame (hall be fo left, be tranfmitted by tMnftnkted to juftice or juftices, with whom the fame (hall be fo left, to the the clerk of clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, adling as clerk the peace, of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place,

or liberty, in which the fome (hall have been (o left, there to ^ remain and be infpeded, from time to time, as occafion fball 0fthc wedi-require, by any creditor of any fuch prifoner who (hall defire to tort, infpedl the fame.

VIII.	And fee it alfo enadted, That every fuch juftice or ju- Jafticef dices who (hall refufe or omit, within the fpace of ten days, to {bj^fo^o tranfmit the copy of the fqhedule fo left with him as qforefaid, days to tranf-to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a fling as mit a copy of clerk of the peace, for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, the fchedule place, or liberty, in which the fame (hall have been fo left, Ibe^acc-fodl (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten forfeit 10I. pounds; which (hall and may be fued for and recovered in any

of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wijiminfler> by adtion of debt, together with cofts of fuit, in the name of any perfon who (hall profecute for the fame; and one moiety of which

p 3	money

38	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii III. c.23.	(*772.

money forfeited (hall, when recovered, go to the party who profecutes for the fame, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parifh in which the offence (hall be committed. Prifoners in* IX. And be it further enafted. That all and every prifoncr tending tope- an(j prifoners; who (hall Intend to petition to be difeharged un-dif^arge, are ^cr a<^> as aforefaid, (hall firft caufe publick notice to be into give previ- ferted in three feveral London Gazettes^ previous to fuch general ous notice or quarter-feffion, and the adjournment thereof, at which the thereof thrice fald prifoner or prifoners (hall apply to be difeharged from any and Other^** Sa°l London, or within the weekly bills of mortality ; and if news-paperi:	prifoncr	(hall	be	in	cuftody	in	any	gaol out of London, or

the weekly bills of mortality, tben alfo in Tome news-paper which (hall be publi(hed in or near the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or (he (hall be fo in cuftody; containing the name, trade, and occupation, Contents of and two laft places of abode, if fo many, of every fuch prifoncr the notice. and prifoners, and the prifon wherein he, (he, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the

days, and the laft 10 days, before the quarter-fef-Jtons, &c.

benefit of this alt, and mentioning fuch notice in each Goztitt ad.each time, ?r news-paper, to be the firft, fecond, or third notice, accord-and no more, ing to the time of publiftiing each of fuch notices; and for the to be paid for inferring of each of which faid feveral notices in the faid Gazttuy rotices!8 fUCh or *n any ot^er news-paper, there (hall be paid, each time, by Firft notice to every fuch prifoner, two-pence, and no more: the firft of which be inferted 30 faid notices (hall be fo inferted in the faid Gazette, or in the faid other news-papers, as the cafe may require, thirty days at lead, and the laft of the faid hotices ten days at lead, before any fuch firft or fecond general or quarter-feffion, and adjournment thereof, (hall be held as aforefaid; fo that as well all the creditors who have not charged the faid prifoner or prifoners in cufto-dy, as thofe creditors who have charged fuch prifoner or prifoners in execution, or on mefne procefs, or otherwife, may have fufficient notice thereof.

Prifoner being X. And be it further enalted. That every fuch prifoner as brought into aforefaid, who, in purfuance of any fuch warrant as aforefaid, pubHcarion of	'3roug^t	t0	any	gcneral or general quarter-feffion, or

the notices any adjournment thereof, (hall in cafe it (hall be proved upon required being oath, or by producing the faid three Gazettes and news-papers proved, &c. before mentioned to the faid jufticcs at any fuch feffion, or the adjournment thereof, that fuch' notices were fo inferted in the London Gazette, and other newspapers, where required, in manner-as herein before is directed, and that the perfon or per-fons fo petitioning was or were adtually a prifoner or prifoners on the faid firft day of "fanuary, one thoufand feven hundred snd feventy-two, or fince, in the gaol or prifon in which his, her, or their name or names is or are fpecified in the lift of prifoners there delivered in at any fuch firft or fecond feffion, or any adjournment thereof as aforefaid, in purfuance of this alt, (hall, in open court at the faid general or quarter-feffion, or any adjournment thereof, fubferibe and deliver in a true fchcdule or account of ail his or her real eftate, either in poffeffion, rever-

if to deliver in a (chcdule of his eltate, debts, anij ere ditois.

Con,

*772-] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.23.’	^9

fion, remainder, or expectancy; and alfo the whole of his or her personal eftate which he or (he, or any perfon or perfons in truft for him or her, or for his or her ufe, benefit, or advantage, is or are feifed of, interefted in, or intitled to, with the names of his or her feveral debtors, and where they refpeCtive-lv live, or may be met with; and the feveral fums of money from them respectively owing, and how the fame refpeCtively became due, and are fecured j and if by mortgage, Specialty, contract, note, or other writing,,then the name and names and places of abode of the feveral witnefles who can prove fuch debts or contracts (if there be any fuch), and (hall alfo make oath and fwear to the effect following; (that is to fay)

I A B, upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty God, ^ oath o^de-folemnly /wear, protefi, and declare, That on the firjl day o/livering in"rh« January, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-two, / was a (aid fcheduie. prifoner, or elfe [as the cafe may be] that fence the firjl day of January, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-two, I have fur* rendered, or have been committed to the prifon of in difcharge of my bail, or for want of bail, [as the cafe (hall be] end that I was aftually arrejled, and in cuftody of an officer before the find firjl day of January, one tboufand feven hundred and feven-tytwo, in the a ft ion or fuit, aft ions or fuits, in which 1 fur render* ed, or was committed, as of ore faid, to the faid gaol or prifon of

and that I have, ever fence my Jasd furrender or commitment, continued a prifoner within the prifon of in the aftual cuftody of the gaoler or keeper of the faid prifon of	or within the liber tier

thereof at the fuit of	,	and	without	any fraud

or collufton whatfoever; and that the fchedule now delivered by me, and fuofiribed, doth contain, to the befi of my knowledge remem-brance, and belief a full, juft, true, and perfeft account and dif-covery of all the goods, effefts, and ejlates, real and perfonal, either in pojfeffion, reverfion, remainder, or expeftancy, 'which 1, or any perfon in truft for me, or for my benefit or advantage, am feifed or pojfeffed of, interefted in, or intitled to; and of all debts as are to me owing\ or to any perfon or perfons in truft for me; and of all the fecurities and contrafts whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my ufe, or to any perfon or perfons in truft for me ; and the names arid places of abode of the feveral perfons from whom fucb debts are due and owing; and of the witnejfes that can prove fuch debts or contrafts, [if any fuch there be] \ and that neither I, nor any other perfin or perfons in truft for me, or for my ufe9 have any lands, money, fiock, or any eftate real or perfonal, in pojfeffion, re* verfiots, or remainder or expeftancy, other toon what are in the faid fhedule contained; except wearing apparel, and bedding for myfelf and family, working tools, and necejfary implements for my occupation and calling, and thefe in the whole not exceeding the value of twenty pounds \ and that I have not, nor any body for me hath, direftly or indireftly, fold, Icjfened, or otkerwife conveyed, difpofed of in truft,

114	or

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 2 3.	[17/7.

or	concealed,all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels. Jink,

debts, fecurities,	contracts, whereby to	ft.

cure the fame, or to receive or txpeB any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to to 1 am or was indebted in any bowfoever.

So help me GOD.

fchedule and and the faid fchedule and oath (hall be by every fuch prifoner ?*hr * fubfcribed in the prefence of the juftices in open feffion of the ‘the court!m P^cc M hereby is directed, and (ball be kept by, and remain and lodged with, the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&og with the derk at clerk of the peace, for the county, city, liberty, dirifkn, of the peace, town, or place, where the fame (hall be fubfcribed and taken, nrinationtf ^or tilc better information of all the creditors of fuch prifoner the enditon. who (hall defire, or may have occafion, to reibrt thereto; and every fuch creditor (hall be at liberty, at feafonable times in the day-time, to perufe and examine the lame.

Court, if re- XI. And be it further enadted. That the juftices within their quired bjr the refpe&ive jurifdidtions at any fuch general or general quarter adminifteran	or	adjournment thereof, at the requeft of any creditor

oath to the or creditors of any fuch prifoner, are hereby authorifed to caufe gaoler, or any the deputy warden and marfhal of the' Fleet, and King’s Btsuh other perfon, prifon, and any other under officer, tipftaff, and turnkey of any cTthe^matters B30* or prifon, and any other perfon, to come before them, and preferibed to to examine them refpeftively on oath, touching any of the mat-be fworn to. ters contained in any of the oaths preferibed by this ad to be The prifon- taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which (hall bare *r’* oath not been taken in open court by any fuch prifoner or prifoners (hall ed!"tbe toutT* not ** difproved by good teftimony of any credible perfon or U to difeharge perfons on oath, and fuch juftices, or the major part of them, him |	prefent at any fuch general or quarter feffion, (hall be finished

with the truth of the oath taken by any fuch refpeftive prifoner, then fuch juftices (hall, in fuch (effion, or feme adjournment thereof, command the faid (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, forthwith to fet at liberty ,	fuch prifoner or prifoners, without having or taking any fee or

upon paying a reward other than one (hilling for his or their attendance with ee of is. to fuch prifoner or prifoners at fuch general or quarter feffion, or tne gaoler. any adjournment thereof, in order for his, her, or their difeharge, and which every fuch (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of fuch prifon or prifons, is and are here-Gaolerindem- by authorifed to receive and take for every fuch order: and eve-nified for the ry fuch order (hall be a fufficient difeharge to the (heriff or fhe-cfcape. riffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, and (hall indemnify him or them againft any efcape or efcapcs, or adtion or adtions whatfoever for efcape, which (hall or may be brought, commenced, or profecuted againft him or them.

®*ate and ef- XII. And be it further enadted by the authority prifoner u* That all the eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft, of fuch pri-ee his dif*P* fooer, of, in, and unto, all the real eftate, as well freehold and

copy

*77**] Anno duodecimo Gsondix III. c. a 3.	41

copy as cuftomaryhold, and to all the perfonal eftate, debts, charge, to <eft and effe&s, of every fuch prifoner, lball, immediately after the j® *h« cl«rk difcbarge of any fucb prifoner, be, and the fame is hereby veft- °* “e ?eat* ed in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, of apd for the county, riding, city, town corporate, divifion, liberty, or place, where any fitch prifoner (hall be refpedtively difcharged; and every” fuch clerk of the who Is to peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, make over * is hereby diredted and required to make an affignment and con-veyance of every fuch priioner’s eftate and effeds, vefted in fuch Jj^edby tb clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk court, of the peace, as aforefaid, to fuch creditor or creditors of the , faid prifoner, as the juftices at any general or general quarter feffion of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which (hall be held by them within their refpedtivejurifdidtions, ftiall order or diredt, (which affignment and conveyance (hall be good and effedhial in law to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper ftampt) and to vclft the cftates thereby affigned and Conveyed, in the party or parties to whom the fame (hall be (o affigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, according to the eftate and intereft the prifoner had therein; and for the pre- for. which hs paring, ingrafting, and executing, of which affignment and con- is to be paid veyance, no clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adt- **• and no ing as clerk of the peace, (hall take any greater fee than two more* (hillings; and every fuch affignment ana conveyance (hall be in truft for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every fuch prifoner to whom the fame (hall be made, and the reft of the creditors of fuch prifoner, in refpedt or in proportion to their refpedfive debts: and every perfon or perfons to whom any fuch Affignees!» affignment and conveyance as aforefaid (hall be made, is and are powered to hereby fully impowered to fue, from time to time, as there may “*» be occafion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any eftate or effedts of any fuch prifoner, and alfo to execute, any truft or power vefted in, or created for, *nd execute the ufe or benefit of any fuch prifoner; but in truft, for the benefit of him or them(elves, and the reft of the creditors of prifoner”, be. every fuch prifoner; and to give difcbarge and difeharges to any half 1 debtor or debtors of any fuch prifoner as (hall be requifite: ana and give dif-every fuch affignee and affignees (hall, with all convenient (peed after his or their accepting any fuch affignment or conveyance, get m,*with ufe his and their bed endeavours to receive and get in the eftate all fpeed, the and effedls of every fuch prifoner; and (hall, with all conve- efote and «f-nient fpeed, make fale of all the eftates of fuch prifoner vefted ^.* in fuch affignee or affignees; and if any fuch prifoner (hall be ^ndmake interefted in, or intitlea to, any real eftate, either in pofleffion, foie, within reverfion, or expectancy, the fame, within the fpace of two two months months after every fuch affignment and conveyance, (hall be of fold by publick auction in fuch manner, and at fuch place, as the major part of the creditors of any fuch prifoner who (hall agreed upon afiemble together on any notice in writing publilhed in the Lon- at a met ting

dtn

ec for t tat pirpoft s

ad make a

<vidtnd ^thin three lonths;

xft making p their ac-ounts and erifying the ime upon ath.

4t	Anno	duodedmo Georgii ID. C.23^	[1772,

ofithe credi-. Jon Gazette, or in fome daily paper, if the prifoner before his going to gaol refided in London»or in the weekly bilk of mortality, ~ w * ** and if eliewhere, then in fome news paper which (ball be pub-lifhed in or sear the county, riding, divifion, city,, town, liber-ty, or place, in which fuch prifpner dwelt before he or flic was committed to gaol, thirty days before any fuch fide (hall be made, (hall, under his hand, or their hands, agree on: and every fuch aflignee and ailigooes, at the end of three months at fartheft from the time of his accepting any fuch affigmneot or conveyance as aforefaid, (hall make a juft and fair dividend of all fuch pjrifoner’s eftates and effects which (hall have been then got in amongft his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to each creditor’s refpedive debts; but before any fuch dividend (hall be made, fuch aflignee or aflignecs (hall make up an account of fiich prifoner’s eftate; and make oath in writing before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding9.divi(ion, town, liberty, or place, in which any fuch pri-fbner (hall have been difeharged, that every fuch account contains a juft and fair account of the eftate and effects of every fuch prifoner got in by or for fuch aflignee or aflignecs, and of all payments made in refpedl thereof, and that all payments in every fuch account charged, were truly and bona fide made and iretobe°W- 5 anc* not*ce oi the making of every fuch dividend (hallbe a of making* publilhed in like manner as a meeting of creditors is herein before directed to be publiihed, thirty days at lead before the fame (hall be made; and no creditor (hall be allowed to receive any (hare of fuch dividend, until he (hall have made out the juftnefs and identity of his refpe&ive debt by oath, or due proof in writing, before fome fuch juftice or juftices : and if any creditor of fuch prifoner (hall be diflatisfied with the reality or fairnefs of d any claime<* ^ any other creditor, then the fame, at the tobe exam- re<lucft of any fuch creditor or creditors fo diflatisfied, (hall be edintoand examined into by the juftices of the county, riding, diviiion, determined by city, liberty, or place, in which fuch prifpner (hall have been the court. discharged, at their next general or general quarter feffion, and pmmer’t * what they (hall there determine in the premifes, (hall becon-efhue, after clufive to all parties: and if, after payment of all fuch prifoner’s creditors, there (hall any of his eftate and effe&s remain after payment of all reafonable charges, the fame (hall be paid to fuch prifoner, his executors or adminiftrators.

XIII.	Provided further, and be it alfo ena&ed, That no fuit in equity (hall be commenced by any aflignee or aflignees of any fuch prifoner’s eftate and effeds, without the confent of the major part in value of the creditors of fuch prifoner, who (hail meet together purfuant to a notice to be given in the Loads* Gazette for that purpofe.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a£ting as clerk of the peace of every refpedlive county, city, and county town, and county riding, divifion, cinque port, liberty, and place, with whom any fcnedule of the eftates of any infoivent

debtor.

i of making ay divi-<knds; aid none to rceive any flare thereof bit fuch as flail prove

fatiifying all claims thereon, to go to the priloner. No fuit in equity to be . commenced, but by content of the majority in value of the creditors. Clerk or the peace to exhibit to the creditor, or hh attorney, upon payment

1772.3 Anno duodecimo Gborgii III. c. 2£	43

debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, (hall be left, and his of 1«. the fucceffors, clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, aft- Schedule of ing as clerk of the peace as aforefaid, (hall, on the reafonable requeft of'any creditor or creditors of fuch insolvent debtor or effefts. debtors, fugitive or fugitives, or his or tbeir attorney, produce find (hew to fuch creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the day-time, the fchedule of the eftates of any fuch ihfol-vent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, which (hall be left with any fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer afting as clerk of the peace, or his predecefior in that office ; the perfon fo requiring to fee and perufe any fuch fchedule paying or repdering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer afting as clerk of the peace, in whofe cuftody any fuch fchedule (hall be, or his deputy, the Cuip of one (hilling for his trouble in fearching for, and looking out, fuch fchedule, and attending whilft the fame (hall be perufed by the party or parties requiring to have the fame looked out, and to perufe the feme: and that a true copy of every fuch fchedule, figned by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer afting as clerk of the ^nted,*0 peace, in whofe cuftody the fame (hall be, or his deputy, pur- *	9

porting the fame to be a true copy of fuch fchedule, without being wrote on ftampt paper, and for which copy no more (hall . be paid than fixpence by the (heet, each (heet to contain feven- evidence^in ty-two words, and fo in proportion for a lefs number of words au courts, in any (heet, (hall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal evidence of the fame: and if any clerk of the c^ei* ^ peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer afting as clerk of the peace, (hall, on reafonable requeft as aforefaid, negleft or fUch fchedule, refufe to produce to any fuch creditor or creditors as aforefaid, or to deliver a or his or their attorney, any fuch fchedule as aforefaid, and to copy thereof, permit the fame to be infpefted as aforefaid, in the day-time, on fuch payment or tender as aforefaid being made to him; or for the fame, (hall a(k or take more than after the rate of fixpence by the (heet, each (heet to contain feventy-two words, and fo in proportion for lefs than feventy-two words in a (heet; or (hall refufe to make and deliver a copy* of any fuch fchedule, on being requefted as aforefaid fo to make the fame, and having the mo- * ney tendered to him for payment of fuch copy, after the rate a-forefaid; (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum forfeits 10I. of ten pounds 5 which (hall and may be fued for and recovered *^*5 e in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminftery by aftion of debt, together with treble cofts of fuit, in the name of any One moiety perfon who (hall profecute for the fame: and one moiety ofto the Pr°fe* which money forfeited (hall, when recovered, go to the party other*to\he C who profecutes for the fame, and the other moiety thereof to poor of the the poor of the parifh in which the offence (hall be committed, parifh.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That before fuch

time as any aflignee or afllgnees, as aforefaid, (hall enter on, or coSomary

take any profit from any copyhold ot cuftomary eftate as afore- eftates to

faid, he or they (hall agree and compound with the lord or lords compound

of the manor or manors of whom the feme (hall be holden, for w»tb the lord

7	of the manor.

and to be admitted tenants thereupon. “

The prifoner’*

tereft, See. only to be if-fe&cd by this

All mortgages, fta-

Anno duodecimo Georgii HL C. 23;	[1772.

the payment of fuch fine, or income as, upon any furrender and admiffion thereto, hath heretofore been moft ufually accuftomed to be paid; and that upon every fuch agreement or compofi-tion, the faid lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or fome fubfequent court, which (hall be holden for the faid manor or manors, after fuch agreement made, (hall admit fuch afllgnee or aflignees, tenant to fuch copyhold or cuftomary premises, according to the cuftom of the (aid manor or manors of which the fame (hall be holden, for and during fuch eftate and intereft as the prifoner had therein at the time of his or her be-ing difeharged as afore&id, reserving the rents, duties, heriots, cufioms, and fervices payable and to be rendered in refpeft of the faid copyhold or cuftomary premifes. *

.	.	XVI.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall

right and m- ^tend to prejudice or affedt any eftate, or intereft, or right whatfoever, of any other perfon or perfons, other than the faid prifoner or fugitive which may be expedtafit upon, or fubjed unto, the eftate or intereft of tne (aid prifoner or fugitive hereby vefted in the faid clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace; but that the eftate, intereft, and right whatfoever, of every other perfon and perfons, (hall remain, continue, and be faved to them, in the fame manner, as if this adt had not been made.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted by the authority a-recoa- f°refcid* That nothing in this adt (hall extend or be conftrucd

nizancestand to binder or prevent^*any mortgage or mortgages upon the judgements, eftate of fuch prifoner or prifoners, or any part thereof, to take are to take place upon the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprifed able'to claims *n lnort8aBe or mortgages refpedti vely 3 nor to prevent any of an inferior ft^tutc-ftaple, ftatute-merchant, recognizance, or judgement, acknowledged by, or obtained againft, any fuch prifoner or prifoners, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real eftate of fuch prifoner or prifoners 3 and alfo where any inquifition (hall have been taken upon any fuch ftatute or recognizance, or any writ or execution mall have been taken out and delivered to the (heriff or proper officer, upon any fuch judgement, before fuch difeharge (hall be given in open (effion to any fuch perfon as a-forefaid, the perfonal eftate of every fuch prifoner refpedtively (half be fubjedt thereto, in the firft place, for fo much as (hall remain due upon fuch mortgage, ftatute, recognizance, or judgement refpedtively, in like manner as fuch morgagees and editors, by ftatute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, againft the real or perfonal eftate of fuch prifoner and prifoners refpedive-Jy if this adt had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And whereas many perfons who maybe intitled- to, and claim the benefit of this aft, are Jeifed and poffefftd of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to fucb prifoners for the term of tbeir natural lives, with power of granting leafts, and taking fines, rtfemni fmall rents on fucb eflates, for one, two, or three lives, in pofjeffim er

rever-

nature.

Power in the prifoner of leating lands, See. to veft in the aflignees.

1772.3 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23.'	45

reverfon,	or for fome number of years dtttrminable upon lives;

Jaid powers ought to be	executedfor the benefit of the creditors

prifoners; be it therefore enaAed by the authority aforefaid.

That in every fuch cafe, all and every the powers of leafing fuch. lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or (hall be vetted in any fuch prifoner or prifoners as afbreiaid (hall be, and are hereby vetted in the affignee or alfignqes of the real and perfonal cftate of fuch priioner, by virtue of this aA, to be by fuch affignee or aflignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of fuch prifoners as aforeiaid.

XIX.	And whereas in feme gaols or prifons in this	,	the	The	a£Hug

affict of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for or otherwife, by - ^e*of d^-fons who never all as gaolers or keepers tbe or know any thing v’^ng the *

of the prifoners therein, but depute or employ fome or lift*, only under them as gaolers or keepers of fuch gaols or prifons; be it there- liable to he fore enaAed, That in every (uch cafe, the perfon who (hallfworn* have been actually employed and aAed as deputed gaoler or keeper of any fuch gaol or prifon, at the time of the delivering in the lifts, hereby direAed to be delivered in, of prifoners in any fuch gaol or prifon, at any general or quarter feffion of the peace, or fome adjournment thereof, and not the principal gaoler or keeper (unlefs where fuch principal gaoler or keeper (hall ad as a gaoler or keeper himfelf) (hall take the oath herein-be-fore appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every fuch gaol or prifon.

XX.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. Court, if re-

That the jiiftices, at any general or quarter feflion of the peace,	*

or adjournment thereof, to which any prifoner (hall be brought S^mrThenri-in purfuance of this aA, (hall, if required by any creditor or ibner'« dif-creditors of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, who (hall oppofe his charge i« to or her difcharge, adminifter, and give to the gaoler, or the per- adjainifter the fon who aAs as gaoler or keeper of any fuch prifon, at the time to thVaaoler. of bringing up any fuch prifoner, order to be difcharged under 8 this aA, an oath to the following effeA, (that is to fay:)

I A B dofwear, That	was really and truly a The °*tb«

prifoner in my cufiody, in the prifon of	to the

heft of my knowledge and belief at or upon the firjl day of January, an* tboufand ftven hundred and ftvtniy-two $ that the copy or topics of the caufe	oy caufes of bis or her	commitment or ,	now

by me brought with the body of the faid	and

produced to this court, is or ore a true copy or copies of the caufe or eaufes of fuch detainer or	commitment, without any fraud or deceit by

me, or any other perfon wbatfoever% to	knowledge	and

belief.

So help me G O D.

And if any perfon who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler If fuch per-or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon on the faid firft day of ***“ not January, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-two, or fince,	“*

(ball not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler Jan. 177s,

or

46	Anno	duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23*	[f77*>

&c. then the or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon, at the time of any fiich followingoath jjft as aforefaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the niftered w1* ju^'ccs at kffion, or at any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to adminifter and give the refpedlivo perfon or perfons who fhall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon, and deliver in any fuch lift as aforefaid, at any fuch general, or quarter feffioir, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments, or Kooks of commitment, of any fuch prifon, to the effect following, (that is to fay)

1A B dofivea?. That I have examined tbe commitments,or hoots kepi of or tonttrning tbe commitment, of prifoners to tbe prifon of , in tbe [county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty of	as	the cafe (hall

be j] and that I do verify believe that the faid	or	books

of commitment, are really true, and not fi&itwus, nor calculated fot this purpofi) and by them it doth appear, that was on the firfi day of January, on* tboufand feven hundred and feventy-rwo, really and truly a prifiner in the	of

tbe then gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of tbe faid prifon, without fraud or deceit by me, or any other perfon or perfons, to my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

Coart, if re- XXI. And, in order to difeover any fraudulent entries or quired by a commitments of prifoners in any gaol books, be it further en-creditor, may added by the authority aforefaid. That the juftices at any gene-perfon°who 01 <luarter fe®on of the peace, or any.adjoumment thereof, afted as gaoler are hereby author!fed, at the requeft of any creditor or creditors on Jan.1,1771, of any prifoner, to convene before them, at feme certain time or fince,	to be appointed by them, any perfon or perfons who was or

were gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any gaol or prifon within their refpedtive jurifdidtions, on the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and' fcventy-two, and finm<iw or at any time fince; and to examine every fuch gaoler or bim touching keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper on oath, touching the tbe commit- commitment and continuance in cuftody of any fuch prifoner, mentandcon-as the juftices, at any fuch general or quarter feflion, or ad-cuftody ofthe journment thereof, lhall think fit: and if any (heriff, gaoler, or prifoner.	keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall negleft or refufe to

G 1 d'f	bring before fuch juftices at any feflion of the peace, or ad-.

beying the	journment thereof, any prifoner, as (hall be direded and re-

warrant, or qnired by warrant of any juftice or juftices as aforefaid, or to at-order of the tend on being fummoned for that purpofe; or if any gaoler or r£.*c- keeper attending, (hall refufe to make anfwer and difeovery in with trebte l^c premifes, as (hall be reafonably required at fuch general or coflt,	quarter feflion, or any adjournment thereof; he, (he, or they,

fo offending in the premifes, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and' pay the fum of one hundred pounds} to be recovered

47

i772-I Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.23.

by and in the name, and for the ufe, of the party injured, by action of debt to be brought in his or her name, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter, together with treble cofts of fait.

XXII.	And whereas great number of workmen, skilful m the fe- x>cbtor* who vtral trades ani manufallures of this kingdom, and alfo many able were beyond feamen and mariners, finding tbemfelves unable to fatisfy the whole of the feat on their refpefiivt debts, and dreading the miferies of a gaol, bane chofe Jan-*77*# to leave their employments and native country, and have enteredthem- [hcmfelvel^ felves in foreign fervice: and whereas their continuance abroai muft may take the be of great prejudice to the trade of this kingdom; in order therefore benefit of this' to induce and enable fuch perfons to return, be it enacted by th< au- aft« thority aforcfaid, That all and every debtor and debtors, who was or were actually beyond the Teas in foreign parts on thefaid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feveity-two, and did not go into fuch foreign parts with the view or intuit to gam or have the benefit of an insolvent debtors a&, who (fall return and furrendcr himfelf or themfelves within fourteen d*ya next immediately after his or their landing in England, unto the gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of the prifons of the King**

Bench, Morjbalfea, or Fleet, or to the gaoler or keeper, or it* duted gaoler or keeper, of the prifon or prifons of fuch countyv city, town, riding, divifiott, liberty, or place, where fuch debtor or debtors laft dwelt for the fpace of fix months, (which fakf gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, is and are hereby requirci and impowered to receive and detain fuch debtor or debtors fut-rendering as aforcfaid, in order to their difcharge as herein-aftef mentioned) and who, from and immediately after fuch furrcn* der, do continue in aftoal cuftody of fuch gaoler and jpolcrty keeper or keepers, until the time of his difcharge, mall be deemed a prifoner or prifoners within, and be, to all intents and purpofes, intitled to the benefit of this a£t; and (hall, upon due proof of the faid premifcs, by the oath of fuch debtor at debtors (nor difproved by any credible witnefs) be discharged in the fame manner as if he, file, or they, had been actually in prifon on the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hun~ dred and feventy-two, and continued therein a6 aforcfaid j fub-»

}cA neverthelefs to the fame reftri&ions and provifions, and a upon the fame compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications, t"mi a* herein before impofed upon the faid prifoners actually in cufto- cra^”011* dy upon the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, and alfo fubjelt to the terms and provifions relating to the eftate and effe&s of fuch prifoner as afofe-faid; excepting only fuch particulars thereof as require the name excepting of a prifoner to be inferted in the gaoler’s or keeper’s lift as afore- fucb parties faid, or relate to the oaths of fuch gaoler or keeper herein before,ari wherein appointed to be taken, which particulars cannot poflibly be ap- both dUFer. plied to the cafe of perfons furrendering themfelves as aforefaid; and alfo except the laid oath herein before appointed to be taken by prifoners in cuftody upon the faid firft day of January, one' thoufand feven hundred and* fcventy-tvro: inftead whereof, the.

faid

48	Anno duodecimo GeoRGH III. C. 23	[1772.

faid perfon or perfons ft> furrcndering, dull take an oath in open court at fame general or quarter-feffion of the peace, or feme adjournment thereof, of the county, city, town, riding, divifion,

- place, or liberty, in the prifon of which any filch fugitive or debtor flail be held after the furrender of any fuch fugitive or debtor, to the effcdk following; which the (aid juftices, autho-rifed to put this adt in execution, are hereby required and im-powered to adminifter in fuch manner as the Oaths herein-be-fore trendoned are to be adminiftered.

Fugitive'* T AB,	upon	my corporal oath, in the of Almighty

X	fiemnly(wear,, proteft, and	That I was	on tht

firft ay of January, one tboufand[even hundred and feventy-two, beyond	he feat in foreign parts, videlicet, at

and hat I	did,within fourteen days next immediately aftef ay

ing Jiirrendermyfelf to the cuftody of the keeper of

[as the cafe may beJ and that 1 have ever Jinn fuch my furrender, continued a pri/oner in his	;	and

the fchedule now delivered, and by me Jubfcribed, doth contain, the bejl if my	knowledge,	remembrance,and belief, a true, ad

perjtR account and diftevery of all the real eftate, goods, effcBi, oti other	per final eftate,tn any-wifi belonging torn j and alfi of

debts as are to me owing, or to any perfon or	in truft for si/;

and of all tbo fecurities and contrails whereby any money now is, or mill, or may hereafter, become payable, or whereby or wherefrom ay benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my ufi, or to any other perfon or perfons in truft for me-, and the names and places of abode of tbo ftveral perfons from whom fuch debts are due and owing 5 end {f	thewitnojfis that tan	prove fuch debts or contrails [if any fuch

there be; j and that	neither I, nor any perfon or ptrfins in truft fur

me, is or are fiifed of any real eftate in ptffejften,	or	re-

mainder, or esopeHaney, or of any perfinal eftate of any kind over, other than what are in the	fchedule containedj except my

wearing apparel, and bedding for neyfilf and family, my working tools, end neceffary implements for my occupation and calling, not exceeding, in the whole, the value of twenty pounds; and that I have not, di-reHlyor indireHly, fold,	leffen,or otborwifi conveyed, difpoftd of in

truft, or concealed, all or. any part of my real eftate, money, goods,

,	‘ chattels,flocks,	debts,	fecurit, contraSs, or other

whatfiever ,whereby to fecure tbo fame, fi os to receive or expefi any profit or advantage therefrom to myfelf or family, or with any view, intent, or defegn, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom I am indebted in any-wifi	or	present their rumr-

ing or attaining their refpeft'm debts.

So help me G 0 D.

Gaoler and XXIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforebid, printer of the That if any gaoler or keeper of any priibn, or his deputy or 'SbernewL deputies, fhall, without juft caufe, to be approved of by the paper, not juftices at feme general or quartcr-fcffion of the peace, or adjournment

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23.	49

joumment thereof, within their refpeCtive jurifdiClions, refufc complying or delay to bring any fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid to wijb 5he *?• any fuch general or quarter-feflion, or fome adjournment there- f£i *^n#for-of, in order to his or her difcharge, or (hall negleCt, refufe, or fcjt I00'i. to defignedly omit to infert, in any fuch lift, the name or names the prifoner*, of any fuch prifoner or prifoners who was or were actually in ^hie cuftody in his or their refpeCtive gaol or prifon on the faid firft coftl of fuit* day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, or fince * or (hall negleCt or refufe to make out, fix up, or deliver, fuch lifts as aforefaid; or if any fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall negleCt or refufe to take any of the faid oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or (hall, upon any account or pretence whatfo-ever, take or receive more than the faid fum of one (hilling herein before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be difcharged of fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid; or (hall detain any fuch prifqner after he or (he (hall be difcharged as a-forefaid j or if the primer of the London Gazette, or other newspaper as aforefaid, (hall wilfully refufe or negleCt to infert therein the name, trade, occupation, and laft place of abode, of fuch prifoner, on reafonable requeft to him made for that purpofe, aud tender , of the money hereby directed to be paid ; or (hall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than two-pence as a-forefaid for doing thereof; every fuch gaoler and keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, his deputy or deputies, and every fuch printer as aforefaid, (hall refpcCtively forfeit and pay to each prifoner, in any fuch cafe.injured, the fum of one hundred pounds ; which (hall and may be recovered, with treble cofts of foit, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record ut JVeJiminJiery wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XXIV.	And be it further cnaCted by the.authority aforefaid, con~ That if any fuch gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or. keepers, dr any j * * forfeit*-deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prifon, (hall, in taking of the «ooL with afore-mentioned oaths, forfw.ear or perjure himftlf, and (hall full cofti of thereof be lawfully cpnviCt^d, fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed fuit»&c* gaoler or keeper, of fuch prifon or prifons, (over and above fuch penalties as may be inflicted on perfons conviCttd of perjury)

(hall, upon every fuch conviction, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with full cofts, by bill, plaint, or information, or aCtion of debt, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejimxnfter, wherein no effoin, protection, of wager of law, (hall be allowed, by and in the name of fuch pefr fon or perfons, his or their executors and. adminiftrators, to whom any affignment or conveyance, in purifuance of this aCt, pne m<*ety to (hall be made, of the eftate and efFeCts of fuch prifoner or prifon~ go to the triers ; and if no fuch afiignee or afiignees (hall be living, then, informer, and the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who (hall fue for the faid penalties; to be applied, one moiety to in- the debts former or informers, and the other moiety towards the fatisfac- of the crcdi-tion of the debts of fuch his creditor or creditors.	tors.

Voi. XXX.	’	E	XXV.	And

50	Anno duodecimo Geoxgji III. C.23.	[1772.

Clerk of the	XXV.	And	be it further enabled, That if	any derk of the

peace refufmg peace, or	his deputy, or town clerk, or other	officer acting as

c^yPof°hur 3 c'cr*c t*ie Peacc> delay or refufe to give every nor any difcharge §	fuch prifoner fo difcharged as aforefaid, within fourteen days

after his or her difcharge, a copy of the order of his or her or taking ex- difcharge, on the payment of two (hillings and lixpence ; or (ball orbitant fees take more than the faid fum of two (hillings and lixpence for for tht fame-t fuch COpy . or fha]i take more than two (hillings for an aflign-ine over the ment or conveyance of fuch prifoner’s eftate or effefts 5 every prffoner's fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other eitate and officer afting as clerk of the peace, who (hall fo offend, and effedbj who (hall be convicted at any fuch general or quarter-fcflion the prifoner.° t*lc Peace> or any adjournment thereof, of any fuch offence, p ' (hail, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay to every fuch prifoner the fum of twenty pounds, as the juftices of the peace, at any fuch general or quarter-feffion of the peace or adjournment thereof, (hall order5 and who are hereby impowered to caufe the	fame	to be levied by diftrefs and fale	of the goods of

any fuch	clerk	of the peace, or his deputy, or	town clerk or o-

ther officer afting as clerk of the peace, (o offending.

Prifoner con- XXVI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, yidted of per- That if any prifoner as aforefaid, or any other perfon or per-

aTa felon. ^ons> w^° ta^e t*ie benefi* °f this aft, (hall forfwear or perjure himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, in any oath to be taken under this aft, and (hall be lawfully convifted thereof, he, (he, or they, fo offending, (hall be adjudged a felon, and fuffer as fuch, without benefit of clergy.

Perfons dif- XXVII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, charged by That no perfon to be difcharged by this aft (hall, at any rime this aft, n°t 'hereafter, be imprifoned by reafon of any judgement or decree for debt’sfa* obtained f°r payment of money only, or for any debt, damages, contrafted be- contempts, cofts, fum or fums of money, contrafted, incurred, fore 1 Jan. occafioned, owing, or growing due, before the faid firft: day of >77*«	January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two* but that

upon every arreft upon every judgement or fuch decree, or for fuch debts, damages, contempts, cofts, fum and fums of money, it (hall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the procefs iflued, upon (hewing the copy of the order of fuch prifoner’s difcharge or difeharges, to releafe and difcharge out of cuftody fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid; and every fuch judge is hereby impowered fo to do on fuch prifoner’s caufing a Common appearance to be entered for him in every fuch aftion and fuir.

But no pri- XXVIII. And whereas^ under former ofts of this Hnd> doubts foner to be have arifen whatfoever wss to be done with fuch prifoners who ap-debts^ubf*0^ Qt Qn^ fcJfion td he difcharged, who owed andJlood charged with queiu to Jan. tlebtSy as well previous as Jubfequent to the day limited by the refpec-1**772. tlve t0 rern*dy which, be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no prifoner or prifoners (hall be difcharged of any debts fubfequent to the firft day of "January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two* and if it (hall appear to the

juftices

.*7721 Anno duodecimo GEORfeil Ilf. c.i$i	gx

juftices in any feflion or adjournment, that any prifonei’ or pri-foners then applying to them to be difcharged, (hall (land charged as wrll with debts previous to as fubfcquenr to the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, that in fuch cafes it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftices to difcharge him or her of all debts previous to the faid firft day oi Januaryy one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, and to remand him or her back to the cuftody of the keeper of the prilbn from whence he or (he was brought, for all debts with which he or (lie (hinds charged with in his cuftody, fubfequent to the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Juftices, (he-

Thar if any adtton of efcape, or any fuit or adlion, be brought riff*. and again ft any juftice or juftices of the peace, fheriff, gaoler, or S]«d7hiTa6fc keeper of any prifon, for performing their office, in purfuance {*0 any i&\oa of this a&, they may plead the general iflue, and give this act©f efcape, or in evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, or difeontinue his fait brought adtion, or verdi<5 pafs againft him, or judgement upon demurrer,	them,

the defendant (hall have treble cofts.	treblTcoff^.

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, perfon9<jif-That if any Scire Facias, or adh'on of debt, or upon judgement, r (hall be brought againft any prifoner, his or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, upon any judgement obtained againft any fuch prifoner, or on any ftatute or recognizance acknowledged or by him or her, before the faid firft day of January, one thoufand bought a-feven hundred and feventy-two, with refpedfc to prifoners in gainit them actual cuftody, or with refpedt to debtors beyond the fcas, as before Jan. u aforefaid, upon the faid firft day of January, one tnoufand feven *?7*» hundred and feventy-two, it (hall be lawful for any fuch prifoner

his or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, to plead generally

that fuch prifoner was actually a prifoner in fuch prifon at fuch a

perfon’s fuit, or was or were beyond the Teas in foreign pai ts on the

(aid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-

two, and was or were duly difcharged according to this 3(51, at the

general or quarter-feffion, or adjournment thereof, held at fuch

time and place for fuch county, riding, divifion, liberty, city,

town, or place, (as his, her, or their cafe is) without pleading

any matter fpecially; and in cafe any other fuit or adlion (hall and in otbef

be commenced againft him, her, or them, for any other debt,

Turn or fums of money, due before the faid firft day of January, charteo/tbeir one thoufand feveh hundred and feventy-two, to plead in dif-	from

charge of his or her perfon from execution (over and above fuch execution, matters as aforefaid) that fuch debt or fum of money (as the cafe (hall happen) was contra&ed or due on or before the faid firft	*

day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, without pleading any other matter fpecially; whereto the plain- pj . tiffs (hall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded rep|” geiural-as aforefaid, or reply any other matter or thing which may (hew 1 y, the faid defendant not to be intitled to the benefit of this adt, or not duly difcharged according to it, in the famd manner as the £ 2	plaintiff

charged may plead generally, Scc. to all

hot if non-foited, it to pav treble cons.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C; 23:	[1772*

plaintiff might have replied, in caie the defendant had pleaded this ad, and his difchargt by virtue of this ad, fpcdally; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, difeontinue his adion, or verdid pafs againft him, or judgement on demurrer, the defendant to have treble cods.

Bankrupts not XXXI. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority obtaining their aforefeid, That no perfon againft whom a commiflion of bank-doe^ime^ex! ruPt hath been awarded and ilTued out, and the produdion eluded from whereof (hall be deemed fufficient evidence to any court of the benefit of quarter-feffion, or adjournment, and who hath not already ob-thi* *&* tained his certificate and difcharge of his debts, in puriuanceof and in fuch manner as is directed by feme or one of the ads of parliament now in force relating to or concerning bankrupts, or fhall not obtain fuch certificate and difcharge before fuch time as he (hall be brought before the juftices of the peace at their general or quarter-feffion, or feme adjournment thereof, held 1$ aforefaid, in order to be difeharged in purfuance of this ad, (hail have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this ad, nor be deemed to be within the meaning thereof.

Attornies em- XXXII. Provided alfo. That nothing in this ad contained beading, &c. (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to releafe or difcharge CHCJff ft °nCy anY attorney at law, or folicitor, or any other perfon or perfons chided tbelbe- a^ngi or pretending to ad, as fuch, with regard to any debt nefit of this with which he or they (hall (land charged, for any money, or ad*	other effeds, recovered and received by him or them, for the

safe of any perfon or perfons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, folicitor, or other perfon or perlons a&ngas fuch, embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his or their own life; or to releafe or difcharge any fervant or agent, or any perfon or perfons employed or intruded as fuch, with regard to any debt or demand with which he, (he, or they, (turn fond charged, for and on account of any money, goods, or other effeds, received or poffefled by him, her, or them, for the ufe, and on account of bis, her, or their mafter or mailers, or employers, and by fuch fervant or agent embezzled, conceded, or converted to his, her, or their own ufe ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding. Gaoler to per- XXXIII. And be it further enaded by the authority afbre-mit the fpeak- |aid» That every gaoler or keeper of any prifon (hall, and is to^priionert, hereby required to fuffer, in the day-time, any perfon or per-wbofe names fons defiring the fame, to fee and fpeak, in the lodge, or fome are inferted in convenient room of the faid prifon, with any priibner or prifo-*fr^*»°* ners, whofe names are inferted in the afore-mentioned lift or gazette, c,	or	Gazette, or other news-paper, or any of them,

wvj.the exa- or any perfons furrendering themfelves purfuant to this ad; and

cri^albMks*** t*lc true anc* gcnuinc bo°ks of the faid prifon, the of entries fire! cntries made of the name or names of fuch prifoner or prifoners, m % together with the name or names of the perfon or perfons at on penalty of whofe fuit or fuits he, (he, or they are detained: and it any fuch 40 mthcoftsg^ or keeper (hall ncgled or refufe to comply with what is 0	#	here above required* every fuch gaoler or keeper, who (hall ft

efifeod

177*'] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23.	53

offend in the premises, (hall forfeit and pay to the perfon fo refuted and aggrieved the fum of forty pounds; to be recovered, with cofts of fait, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the-courts at Wtfiminfttr, wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the perfon or perions fo refuted and aggrieved.

XXXIV^Provided always, and be it enadted, That notwitb- Prifoner* fo-Handing the perfon of any prifoner or prifoners, fugitive or fu- ture eftate and gitives, (hall be difcharged under this a (ft, the future eftates and n°*‘ effedts of every fuch prifoner and fugitive (hall remain and be liable to his, her, and their refpedtive creditors as before the difcharge, lia-xpaking of this ad, (his, her, or their neceflary wearing appa- ble to credi-rel, and bedding for his, her, or their families, and working tor*«. tools and implements neceflary for his, her, or their trade or oc-cupation, not exceeding the value of twenty pounds in the whole, 5in g*and only excepted,) and any creditor or creditors of any fuch prifon- working tod*, er or prifoners, fugitive, or fugitiyes, may, at any time hereaf- *x: ter, fue out execution, extents, or other procefs, on any judge- ^[lne'except-ment at the time of fuch difcharge recovered, or ftatute ftaple, ed. * or recognizance acknowledged by, or fentence or decree obtain? ed againft, any fuch prifoner or fugitive, but not againft his, her, or their perfon, or his, her, or their refpe&ive wearing apparel, bedding, working tools, and implements, as aforefaid.

XXXV.	And be it alfo enadted. That any creditor or credi-tors of any prifoner or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, who (hall ^very of debt be difcharged under this a61, may, at any time after any fuch due at tht djfcharge, commence and profecute any action or fuit againft any time of the fuch pnfoper or fugitive, his, her, or their refpedlive heirs, ecutors, or adminiftrators, for the recovery of any fum or (urns cb*r®*’ of money which (hall be due from any fuch prifoner or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, at the time of his or her laid difcharge, but Hull not hold the pet Con of any fuch prifoner or fugitive to ipccial bail; nor (hall take the perfon, neceflary wearing apparel, but not hold bedding, tools, or implements, as aforefaid, of any fuch prifon-	w

er or fugitive in execution, or any judgement, fentence, or de-	is

cree, which (hall hereafter be recovered or obtained againft any perfon, wear-fuch prifoner or fugitive: A°d in any adlion or fuit, which (hall mg apparel, be hereafter commenced againft any fuch prifoner or fugitive,****•“*• ** his or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, no benefit or ad- judgement: vantage (hall be had or taken, for that the caufe of adion didandno advan-not accrue within three years next before the commencing oftagei* to be any fuch a6tion or fuit; nor (hall any ftatute of limitation be of the pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in bar of or in any fuch ^ accruing** adiion or fuit, which (hall be hereafter commenced by any fuch within yean, creditor or creditors againft any fuch prifoner or prifoners, un-nor of the left fuch caufe, of adtion or fait did not accrue within three ft*tut.e of years next before any fuch prifoner or fugitive (hall be difehare-ed under this a6t; and in any fuch cafe, the fame may be plead- *cePaan* ed by' any fuch prifoner, bis or her heirs, executors, or admini-ftratofs.

u	XXXVI,



■J. JLi 11 * V/ UMWViVk 1U1V	JLAJlI	V*	**	*

I *//*•

Gaoler making falfe entries in the prifon book or lilts, forfeit* 5001, with treble coifs.

Difeharge of XXXVI. Provided always, and be it likewife ena&ed, That ^c^uittaUo ky the difeharge of any prifoner or fugitive by force of this ad, the copartner no ot^*er perfon or perfons who was or were partner or partners or furtjtie?. in trade with any fuch prifoner or fugitive, at the time of his or her difeharge under this a<ft, or then ftood bound, engaged with, or liable to, the payment of any debt with any fuch prifoner or fugitive, or engaged in any contraft together with any fuch prifoner or fugitive, (hall be difeharged from any fuch debt or demand ; but every fuch other perfon and perfons (hall feverally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, fuch debt and debts, and to perform fuch contracts, in like manner as if any fuch prifoner or fugitive had never been difeharged from the fame.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any gaoler or keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any prifon or prifons, (hall mr.ke, or caufe to be made, any falfe entries in any book or books belonging to any prifon or goal under his care, or of which he is or was gaoler, or (hall prepare or keep, or caufe to be prepared or kept, any falfe book or books, in order for any falfe or untrue entry or entries to be made therein ; or (hall in-fert in any lift to be delivered in as aforefaid, the name or names of any perfon or perfons who was not a prifoner or prifoners in aflual cuftody in any fuch gaol’or prifoq upon the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, or (hail not have ever fince remained in fuch aftual cuftody; except a$ in the oath of any fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall be excepted; every fuch gaoler or keeper, or de-

L	putqd gaoler or keeper, (hall, over and above the penalties which

PCTahks for1* lc	t0 f°r every fuch fraud, forfeit and pay the fum

fuch fraud. °f ^ve hundred pounds; to be recovered, with treble coftsof *'	fuit, by and in the name, and for the ufe, of any perfon or per-

fons who (hall be prejudiced by any entry, or fuch falfe entries; which penalties (hall and may be recovered by a<5tion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Tf'eflminjleri wherein no eflbinj prote&ion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance,, (hall be allowed.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled. That if a^ny prifoner, being thereunto required by any creditor, (hall refufe to difeover and declare the trade or occupation and habitation or laft place of abode, of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit he or (he is de*

___________ tained or charged in cuftody; or being called for and defired, by

is detained, or any creditor or creditors, to come to the lodge of the prifon in to come to ti e which any fuch prifoner (hall be confined, without fome reafon-«r m a^e cauk hein^ made appear to the contrary; every fuch prifon-is'excluded cr> upon proof being made thereof before the juftices at any ge-tk* benefit of neral or quarter-feffion of the peace, or any adjournment thereto act of, to bo held as aforefaid, (hall not have or receive any benefit or difeharge by or under this a<ft; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any.wife notwithftanding.

XXXIX.	And whereas there is but one common or county gaol for each of the refpctiivc counties of York, Lincoln, Lancafter, ani

Durham,

over and a-

Prifoner rerun ng to declare the a-bode, See. of the perfon at whole fu;t he

17 7 2.] Anno doodecimo GsoRGii III. C. 23.	55

Durham, toi/Vi jaid counties are each of them divided into feveralJ'&'t** may ridings or divifions, 0# a//;/V^ have feveral commijjions of the peace;	j.

and if the gaolers of thofe gaols be obliged to carry the debtors, prifon- ent place near ers therein, to the quarter fejfson of each riding or divifion, the fame to either of will be a very great charge, not only to fuch gaolers, but alfo to the the county pr if oners in theft targe counties; be it therefore enadted by the au-thority aforefaid, Thai it (hall and may be lawful for two or ^lere for di£ more juftices %>( the peace for each of the ridings and divifions charge of pain the refpe&ive counties, at the common or county gaol there- foners. of refpe&ively, or at feme convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required Ip a (Tumble and meet, and tohold felfion there, by adjournment from their refpedtive quarter-feflion, from time to time, for the difeharge of the refpe&ive prifoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and dire&ions of this adt.

XL. And whereas the next general quarter fefion of the peace for Juftices for the the county of Surrey, which will happen after the pajfing of this afl> ounty of Sor-will be in the county, and upwards of twenty miles from any of the Tt*the Cm* fiid prifons\ be it therefore* enadled by the authority aforefaid, town hall of "That it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices as (hall Southwark for be aflembled at the general quarter-feflion of the peace to be a^miniftering holden for the county of Surrey, next after the palling of this oathS| a<5t, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the faid feflion to the town-ball in the borough of Southwark, for the purpofe of adminiftering the oaths required to be taken and fub-fcribed by this adt by the feveral gaolers within the faid county wherein any prifoner pr prifoners are confined, and to the dif-ciiarging fuch refpedtive prifoner or prifoners confined therein, according to the powers limited, and di'redtions of this adh

XLI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Thofe who art That all debtors, and others, who were in prifon on or before	or

the faid firft day of January^ one thoufand leven hundred and other demands feventy-twp, or iince, in toy of the gahb of this kingdom, and of the gaoler now retpam there for not paying their fees, rents, or any other	officer* to .

demands due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or gaoler of any	dlfcbar8ed*

prifon refpt&ively, or to any other officer of any fuch prifon, and upoi>.no other account, (hall be discharged therefrom, he,

(he, or they, taking the oath by this adt required to be taken by prifoners.	.

XLilt Provided always. That this adt (hall not extend to Debtors to tht difeharge apy perfon out of prifon, feeking his or her difeharge ciown, and^ under this adt, with refpedt to any debt with which he or (he lhall (land charged at the fuit of the crown, or (hall be indebted	to one

to any body polftick-or corporate, or to* any one perfon, in any perfon, unlefs fum exceeding the (urn of one thoufand pounds, befides intereft thc cieditors # and cofts, and whofe dkebarge (hall he in court oppofed by excluded^he ' crown, Jb&dy politick or corporate, or one perfon, and whofe benefitof this' debts' exceeds the fum of one thoufand pounds, and not other- aft. wife, unlcfs the crown, fuch body politick or corporate, or ere- Creditor op-ditof, confent thereto*: and if any fuch body politick or cor-porate, creditor or creditors, to whom a fum exceeding 01^ to allow him* thoufand pounds fluU be owingv (ball oppqfe the difeharge oL$. 6d per

* 4 s	fuen	week.

ed.

Determination of the juft ice* to be final i

56,	Anno	duodecimo GeorGII III. C. 23.	[1771.*

fuch prifoner, and (hall infift that fuch prifoner be continued in gaol, that then, and in fuch cafe, fuch body politick or corporate, or creditor or creditors, oppofing the faid prifoner’* dif* ' charge a$ aforefaid, (hall, at his, her, or their proper cofts and charges, allow and pay, in the whole, fuch a weekly maintenance to the faid prifoner, not exceeding three (hillings and fix-pence per week, in fuch manner as thd laid juft ices in their general or quaner-fefiion, or fome adjournment thereof, (hall or-On nonpay- der; and, upon non-payment of the fame for the fpace of fix ment, prifoner weeks, the faid prifoner, upon application to the faid juftiees in tobedifcharg- t|iejr general or quarter-fdBon held as aforefeid, (hall be dif-charced purfuant to the intent and meaning of this a£t.

XLIII. And whereas under former aids, creditors have been pet to great expends and trouble in attending every feffiam and adjournment % during the whole continuance of the aH, to oppofe the di/chary of prifontrs clearly excludedfrom any benefit under the faid refpetihe ails, hut who, after having been before one ftffim heard and refufti a difeharge, to barrafs their creditors, conflantly gave frejb notices ftr each fubfequent fejfion and adjournment, of their intended applicatim to be difeharged; to remedy which, be it further ene&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, in all cafes whatever, the determination of the juftiees in feffion (hall be final to all intents and purpofes, tmlef* thepri- unlefs the prifoner (hall, during the continuance of this aft, get foner get rid rjd 0f thc objection or objections for which they refilled his dif-rion for which charge: And, in which cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and they refuted for the juftiees, at any fubfequent fellion, upon application from hi* difehargej the prifoner, upon due proof on oath made to them by two or the juftiees, jpore credible witnefles (and which oath they are hereby im-powered to adminifter) or each objection or objections being removed, and on proof of notice ferved, at leaft ten days previous to fuch application, on the creditor or creditors who before op-pofed his difeharge, and of notice likewife inferted in the Go* zette, in manner before directed by this *&, to order fuch prifoner to be brought before them; and if thoy (hall then be of opinion the faid prifoner is intitled to the benefit of this aft, to order him to be difeharged, he taking the oath, and; in all other refpefts, conforming to the directions of this aft.

XLIV. Provided alfo. That every perfon and perfons intitled, or to be intitled, to the benefit of this aft, (hall obtain their re-fpeftive difeharget on or before the firft day of Augufi\ one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy-four, or (nail be excluded from all benefit of this aft.

XLV. And whereas it may happen that feveral Perfons who maj claim and be intitled to the benefit of this ail, are/eifid of an eflete tail, in fome freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments;

on proof by two witnefles of obje&ion being removed, £c. may difeharge fuch pnianer.

Difeharget to be obtained* by Auguft x, *77V

Perfons feifed of an eftate tail, claiming

thfs^ad?* are^ w^lc^Ant ail, with the remainders thereupon oxpeBant, they have if to deliver op power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, fntftr* the fame to ing a common recovery or common recoveries, or by fvrrenderor fur• the creditors, renders thereof, whereby fuchperfon or perfons faid freehold Or afr hold lands, tenements, Or hereditaments, would be liable to the peynftnt tf their debts, and be delivered up, according ito the term if this od,

57

Anno duodecimo GeoROII III. C. 23:

for	the btnefit of their	creditors; be it therefore enafted by the ait*

thoricy aforefaid, That, in every fuch cafe, fuch perfon or per* fons fo feifed as aforefaid, and who (hall be intitled to, and claim the benefit of this aft, (hall, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be feifed of fuch lands, tenements, and heredita* ments, in fee; provided the fame (hall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors of every fuch prifoner, in the fame manner as if fuch perfon pr perfons had aftually levied a fine, Suffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a furrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby had become feifed in fee; any law, or conftruftion of law* to the contra^ thereof in any-wife notwithstanding.

XLVI. And whereas many prifoners who he Entitled to, and el(um the benefit of this aH, have been great dealers, or engaged in Iqrge iranfaStions, whereby they may be intitled to	and

great debts and demands of various and intricate natures, and they may be intitled to equities of redemption of eflates, fubjeft and liable to mortgages, judgements, or other incumbrances, or to reverfions, remain-

ders, or other contingent eflates in lands, tenements, or	,

or to other trufls or intertfts in eflates, both real and perfonal, which may not be	fufficiently described or difeovered in the fcbedule or invent

tery, before direlled to be delivered in, upon oath, by the prifoner to be difeharged as aforefaid, or which may want his aid or affiflanct to qdjuft, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of the creditors; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (half and and

may be lawful to and for the refpeftive affiguees of the eftate Affignee* may effefts' of fuch prifoner or prifoners who (hall obtain his, *ppfy forfur-

prifoner or prifoners .—------------  -	^	.

her, or their difeharge, in pursuance of this aft, or any other	of iirilbal

perfon or perfons duly authorised by them for that purpofe,touching from time to time, to apply to ahy two or more of the juftices the difooveiy of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or ®f liberty, where fuch prifoner or prifoners (hall be then redding,&c* thereby defiring that fuch prifoner or prifoners may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to nis, her, or their eftate dr efFefts; whereupon fuch jufHces (hall fend for, or an<1 >?**“* call before them, fuch prifoner or prifoners by fuch warrant, fum- rw^miin r mons, ways, or means, as they (nail think fit; and, upon fuch the prifoners priforier’s appearing, he (hall examine him, her, or them, as well accordingly, upon oath as otherwise, as to fuch matters and things as fuch affignee (hall defire, relating to the eftate and effefts of fuch prisoner or prifoners} and if any prifoner or prifoners (on payment Prifoners re-or tender of payment of fuch reasonable charges as fuch juftices ear*orto»n. (hall judge Sufficient j (hall negleft or refufe to come and appear {Jier’upon not havidg a lawful excufe, to be made known to fuch iuftices, oath, may be and by them allowed, or, beiog come before them, (hsul refufe comaaitted. to be fwoim, or to answer to all Tucb queftions as by fuch juftices (hall be put to him, her, of them, relating to the difeovery of his, her, or their eftate or effefts fo veiled, or intended to be veiled, in fuch clerk of the peace, tpwn clerk, dr other officer idling as clerk of the peace, of ip fuch alfignefs as aforefaid, that 1	then

ao 1. pit cent allowed on difcovering within it months any part of the prifoner'* eftate not returned in the fchedule.

Difcharge ob-

58,	Anao	diKxJeciaia	GeoRGII	III.	c.	23.	£1772;

then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices, by war* rant under their hands and feals, to apprehend fuch prifoner or prifoneiVfo offending as aforefaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the county gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until fuch time as he, (he* or they, (hall fubmit him, her, or themfclves, to fuch juftices, and anfwer upon oath to all fuch lawful queftions as (hall by fuch juftices be put to him, her, of them, for the purpofes afore (aid.

XLVIL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all and every fuch perfon and perfons who (hall, within twelve months after the difcharge of fuch prifoner or prifoners, voluntarily come in and make a difcovery of any part of fuch debtor or debtors real or perfonal eftate as (hall not be comprif-ed in fuch fchedule as aforefaid, before any juftices aforefaid, (hall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, out of the net produce of fuch debtor or debtors eftate which (hall be recovered on fuch difcovery, and which (hall be paid to fuch perftfit or .perfons fo difcovering the fame, by the affignee or af-figfiees of (uch prifoner’s eftate and effects.

_	XLVllI.	Provided	always, and be it enaded. That notwith-

lemly void ^ant^inS Ac difcharge of any prifoner or prifoners by vinue of * this a<S, if it (hall hereafter appear the-fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any fuch prifoner was not true; then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch difcharge fftall ]be void and of none cffedt.

XtlX. Andi for the better difcovery of the ejiate and ejfeth sf any prifoner who Jball be difebarged by virtue of this aft; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That any perfon or perfons who (hat! have accepted qf any truft or triifts, add (hall wilfully conceal or prote<ft any cjftate, real or perfonal, of any fuch prifoner from his-creditors, pnd (hftli not, within thirty days after any affignee'or* afligtiees (hall, in pursuance of this auSt, be chofe of any fuch prifoner’s eftate,* difcover and difclofe to fuch affignee or aflignCes fucli tr'uftand eftate in writing, and deliver up or make ov'er the (apje to fuch affignee or ^ffignees, he, (he, or they; fq offending, (hall, far every fuch offence, forfeit the fqm of one hjufjdfed pounds, and'alfo double the value of the eftate, either real or perfonal, fo concealed, tb and for the ufe of the creditors of any luch prifoner; \o be recovered by action of debt, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVcJiminfler, in the name or names qf the affignee or affignees of fuch prifoner’s eftate, together with treble cofts of fujt. .

L,.And‘bd-it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,That it fnall be lawful, at all tjmes hereafter, for any affignee or affignees of the eftate or effects of any prifoner or primers, who fhal] be-chofe in purfuance of this a6k, by and with the confent of the major part in value of fuch prifoner or prifoners creditors, who fhall be prefent at a meeting to be had 00 twenty-one days pubiick notice being previoufly. given for the purpofe hereafter mentioned in the London Gazette,. if th* prifoner was in cuftody in London or within the weekly bil^^f mortality,, and if not!

" " ................. "	“	*	Ihw

Perfons concealing any eftate or ef-" fette of the prifoneis forfeit tool, and double value, with treble coftaof fuit«

A0ignee«, with content of the majority in- value of tae creditors, may compound for debts due to the prifonei’s eftate *

59

i772-] Anno duodecimo Georgia III. c. 23. •

then alfo in fome news-paper which (hall be puhlilhed in the county* city* or place* in or near which any fuch perfon (hall have been in gaol* to make compofition with any perfon or per-Tons* debtors or accountants to fuch prifoner or prifoners, where the fame (hall appear neceffary or reafonable; and to take fuch amj may rub-reafonable part of any fuch debt as can, upon fuch compofition, mit any dif/ be gotten* in full difcharge of fuch debts and accounts; and alfo pute relating to fubmit any difference or difpute between fuch afiignee or af- to fignees, and any perfon or perfons* for or on account, cur by ar reafon or means or any matter, caufe, or thing, relating to fuch prifoner or prifoners eftate or effects, or to any debt or debts due, or chimed to be due, to or from fuch prifoner or prifoners* to the final end and determination of arbitrators to be chofen by the faid aflignec or affignees, and the major part in value of fuch creditors, and the party or parties with whom they (hall have no difference, and to perform the award of fuch arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chofen. by them ; or otherwife to fettle and agree the matters in difference and difpute between 0r otherwife them, in fuch manner as the faid afiignee or aflignecs, with fuch may fettle and confent as aforefaid, (hall think fit, and can agree* and the fame, aSr*clh* fhall be binding to all the creditors of fuch prifoner or prifoners; think fit** and every fuch afiignee or aflignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they (hall fairly do in the premifes* in purfuance of this adt.

LI. Andy to tbe intent and purpefe that the eftate and effefts of Afiignee* map fuch prifoner or prifoners as Jball be dif charged by virtue of this be complained may be duly and faithfulh applied for the benefit of his9 hery or their	*or

real creditors) be it enadl^d by the authority aforefaid, That it °

(hall and may be lawful to and for the refpedlive courts at JVeJl- nagement, or minfler, and the courts of great feflion in }Valesy and the princi- other mUbe-pality of Chejiery and the counties palatine of Lancafter and Dur- haviour j ham9 refpecliv-ely, from whence any procefs iffued upon which any fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were committed* or where the procefs iffued out of any other court, to and for the judges	*

of the court of King’s Benchy Common Pkasy and Exchequer, or of Great Scjfions aforefaid, within their refpetfive jurlfiJiflions* or any one of them* from time to time, upon the petition of. . any (uch prifoner or the creditor or creditors of fuch prifoner or prifoners, complaining of any infufhciency, fraud, mif-management, or other misbehaviour .of any aifignee or af-fignees of the eftate or effects of any fuch priioner or prifoners, the court tofummon all parties concerned* and, upon hearing the par- thereupott Is , ties concerned therein, to make and give fuch orders and dU regions therein, either for the removal or difplacing fuch af- Sia^fuch fignee or aflignees, and the appointing any new afiignee or af- orders therein fignees* in the place or (lead of fuch afiignee or aflignees fo to a«.they (hall be removed or difplaced, or for the prudent* juft, or equitablethink fit* ,, management or diftribution of the eftate and effects of any fuch prifoner for the benefit of the refpe&ive creditors, as the faid courts or judges rcfpe&ively (hall think fit; and in cafe of the removal or difplacing of any afiignee or aflignees, and the appointing of any new afiignee or aflignees, the eftate or effects f	4	of

en, the balance to be ftated and allowed*

6o	Anno	duodecimo Georgii III. C. 23.	[1772;	I

of fuch prifoncr or prifoners (hall, from thenceforth, be diveft-cd out of the affignee or afligneea fo removed or difplaced, and be veiled in, and delivered over to, fuch new affignee or affignees, in the fame manner, and for the lame intents and purpoles, a* the fame were before veiled, in the affignee or affighees firft chofe as aforefaid ; any thing in this a& contained to the contrary | notwithftanding.

Where mo- LIIf Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a-tual credit fore&id, That in'all cafes where mutual credit hath been given Ja* beenjgW- between any prilbner or prifoners who lhall be difeharged in k»_ purfuancc Qf |his and any other perlbn or perfons, or body politick or corporate, before the delivery of fuch fchedule or inventory of the ellate and effe&s of fuch priloncr or prifoners, upon oath, as aforefaid, the refpedlive affigpee and affignees of fuch prifoner or prifoners is and are hereby authorifed and required, on his and their parts, to Hate and allow on account between them and the other party or parties concerned; and nothing more (hall be deemed to be vetted in fuch clerk of the peace, tpwn clerk, or other officer, adting as clerk of the peace, or fuch affignee or affignees under fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, adting as clerk of the peace, as the eftate or effedts of fuch prifoner or prifoners, than what (hall appear to be juftly due to him, her, or them refpedlively, as and for the balance of fuch account when truly ftatee).

Prifoners, for LIII. And whereas many perfons are tfipi committed on attai* not paying	meats, for not paying money awarded to be paid under fubmijjim H

—T- . arbitration by rules of court, or under fubmifjtons to arbitration bnisy fubmiffion"	"and which fubmifions have been wade rules of the court, inpurfims

arbitrations of an ait pojfed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign Wiliam the	Third,for determining differences by arbitration ;

ntt	ctfil	duly and regularly talced and by the proper

*	officer, after proper demands made for that purpofe; and a)fo upon a*}

«nd upon writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or	,	or goad*

of Exttmmm- ed on, the non-payment of toftt or txptnees in any casefe or prattling cmw Capiendo, in-any tccltfiafical	court;it is hereby declared and enaCted, Tlut

**•	all fuch perfons are and lhall be intitled to the benefit of this

ate intiled to aft, on and fubjedt to the fame terms and conditions as are thebgcfitof herein exprefied and declared withrefpedt to prifoners for debt only.

Thole who are	LIV. And whereas great numbers of poor people have been,

prifoner* op- are now, imprifontd for debt upon	iffuing	out	of	courts	if

on procel* oat confeitnee; It is hereby enadtea and declared. That all fuch pri-confdence to f°ner8 (hall ^ intitled to have the benefit of this adt$ and be have the be* difeharged under the fame, provided he, (he, or they, conform to the directions herein before preferibed, touching other prifoner* who (hall be difeharged by virtue of this adt.

LV. And be it further enadted by the authority afbrefiud. That in all cafes wherein by this adt an bath is required, the folemn affirmation of any perfon being a Quaker (hall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; arid every perfon tpakine fitch affirmation, who (hall be convidted of wilful and falfe a£

nefit of this aft.

Quaker'* affirmation to be taken in lieu of an oath.

X773«l Anno duodecimo Georou III. c.23. firming, (hall incur and fuffer fuch and the fame penalties as ari inflided and impofed by this alt upon perfons convilted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the au- Perfon* who thority afordaid. That no perfon who took the benefit of an alt jjf*the" pafled in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King ^ of G(0> Georgethe Third, intituled. An ail the relief of insolvent $. excluded. debtors, (hall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this alt, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, fo as to be difeharged under the fame; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LVH. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enalted. That nothing This alt not in this all contained (hall extend to that part of Great Britain to extend to called Scotland.	Scotland.

LVIII. And whereas the prifoners confined in the prifon of the King's Bench have lately unwarrantablyand without colour of , or keeper in-conceived that imprifonment for debt at the fuit of a fubjeil was	- demnified.

traryto	law, and have	therefore formed many dangerous fchemes to

fet	tbemfehesat	liberty, and on the nineteenth day of November,

one	thoufandfeven hundred and feventy, the prifoners confined in the

fetid	prifon, to the	number of fixty and	did	combine,	con-

Jptre, confederate, and agree together, by forte and violence, to break the	faid prifon	and eftape thereout, and to enable them fo to do, did

elanaefiinely procure divers weapons to be conveyed into the faid astd did on the faid day fuddenly and with violence knock down the turnkeys, and overpower them, and feiz* the keys, and fet open the doors of the Jaid	prifon,and divers prifoners	charged	with

debts to a large amount;	and although toe or keeper of the

faid prifon ufed all	pojfiblt diligence to retake them, yet John M’Cul-

lock, one of the faid prifoners efcaped, and cannot be retaken, and on the thirteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and r-. mv, 'a great many other prifoners, to the number of one hundred, did wickedly, and unknown to the faid marjhal, conjpire together by force and violence again to break the find prifon, and to efcape	and

in order to	effeB the fame, did clandeftinely procure to be brought into

the faid prifon a groat number of fire arms and ether definitive pons, and the Jaid	prifoftert in the night of the faid thirteenth day of

May, with the faid fire arms and definitive weapons, did fuddenly and rietoufty break through part of the wall of the feud prifon, and atony prijoners efcaped thereout charged with debts to a large notwitbfianding the marjhal and his keepers, with all the	ha

could redfe, refiftedthe Jaid efcape at the hazard of their lives,, but inure overpowered by the multitude, and	forte of the	find

prifoners; and notwithftanding the mojl immediate and frejh purJuit vms made, and every effort ufed to retake the faid prifoners, yet Daniel Quarrington, Daniel Scott, John Henry Manrer, and Ifaac De Rovery, four of the faid prifoners, made their efcape, and cannot be heard of or retaaen, and many of the plaintiffs, at whofe the faid prijoners were detained, have brought allions againfi the marjhal or keeper of the faid prifon, charging him with negligent efcapes the faid	prifoners,with a view and defign to recover of bint the full

debt

6t

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.24.	tr772-

debt or debts, with which fuch prifoner or prifoners food cbargad, though they well know the /aid efcapes happened from the ttnlavuful ctmfpiracy of the laid prifoners, and from the irrefifiible violences a-forefaid: and whereas it would tend to the ruin tf the marfhal or keeper of the faidprifon, and alfo to encourage the mojl dangerous amd illegal confpiracies, if plaintiff's were permitted to fue for and recover the fums with which Juch prifoners food charged, as the cafes of voluntary, wilful, and negligent efcapes; be it therefore ena&cd by the authority aforelaid, That the marlbal or keeper of the faid prifon dial! be* and he is is hereby indemnified, freed, and dif-from the charged of, and from and againft the efcape of the faid John efcape of pri- M'Cullock, Daniel gfuarrington, Daniel Scott9 John Henry Manrer, alTaftionif anc* Vaac R°very* and of, from, and againft, all a&ioa and commenced actions which now are, or fhall or may be commenced or pro-relative there- fecuted againft him, for or by reafon or means of the (aid efcape t0*	of the faid John MCullock, Daniel ^uarrington, Daniel Scott,

John Henry Manrer, and lfaac De Rovery, out of his coftody on the faid nineteenth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, or the faid thirteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy* one, or in the night-time of thofe refpedUve days 3 and, at the trial of any fuch action or actions, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid marfhal of the faid prifon to plead the general ifiue, or fuch qiber pleas as he by law is intitled to do, and to give this a<5t in evidence, and thereupon the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch a&ion, (hall be nonfuitedj or in cafe of a demurrer in any a&ion already brought, or hereafter to be brought, againft the faid marfhal or keeper, for or by reafon of the faid efcapes of the faid John MCullock, Daniel Quarrington, Daniel Scott, John Henry Manrer, and lfaac De Rovery, j udgement (hall be given for the defendant: faying neverthelefs, to each and every the creditor or creditors of the faid John M'Cullock, Daniel Sfuarrington, Daniel Stott, John Henry Manrer, and lfaac DeRovery, all the remedies againft them the faid Join MCullock, Daniel Quarringlon, Daniel Scott, John Henry Manrer, and lfaac De Rovery, and his and their refpe&ive lands at*] tenements, goods, chattels, and effeefts, as he, (he, or they, would have been intitled unto, in cafe the faid John MCullock, Daniel ffhiarringtou, Daniel Scott, John Henry Manrer, and lfaac DeRovery, had not efcaped.

CAP. XXIV.

An aS for tlx better fecurittg and preferring his Majesty s dock yards, magazines, Jhips, ammunition and fores m Preamble. TX7HERAS the fafety and prefervation of his Majcfys Jhips of VV war, arfenals, magazines, dockyards\ rope yards, victualling offices, military, naval, and victualling fores, and the places where fuch fores are kept or depofted, either within this realm or in any of the ijlands, countries, forts, or places thereunto belonging, it of great importance to the welfare and [ecurity of the kingdom, may it pleafe your mod excellent Majefty that it may be enafted j and be it enacted by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and

*77^*1 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. 0.25*	~&3

with the advice and confent of the lords fprritual and temporal, and commons, in tbis.prefent parliament aflembled, and by the jct on £re> y authority of the fame, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, either burn, or de-within this realm, or in any of the iflands, countries, forts, or ttr°y ^p« of places thereunto belonging, wilfully and malicioully fet on fire,	^

or burn, or otherwife deftroy, or caufe to he fet on fire, or burnt, doing, or otherwife deftroyed, or aid, procure, abet, or aflift in them any of hi* fetting on fire, or burning, or otherwife deftroying of any of his Majeity’* Majefty’s (hips or veflels of war, whether the laid (hips or veflels ^nal*r ma- ~ of war be on float or building, or begun to be built, many of gazmea/fcc.* his Majesty’s dock yards, or building or repairing by contract in or any build-any private yards, for the ufe of his Majesty, or any of his Ma- ing*, timber, jetty's arfenals, magazines, dock yards, rope yards, victualling offices, or any of the buildings ercCted therein, or belonging or^/miiltiJ. thereto; or any timber or materials there placed, for building, ry, naval, or repairing, or fitting out of (hips or veflels; or any of his Ma- viCtsattkig jetty's military, naval, or victualling (tores, or other ammuni- j^^'^creof tion of war, or any place or places, where any fuch military, co^aed^n naval, or victualling (tores, or other ammunition of war is, are, due form of or (hall be kept placed, or depofited ; that then the perfon or law, Qullfuf-perfons guilty of any fuch offence, being thereof convicted in fcr dfath* *a due form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall j|Jn“ ** fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy. benefit ot

II.	And be it further enaCted oy the authority aforefaid, That clergy, any perfon who (hall commit any of the offences before men-*>Cf*°n#°f“ tioned, in any place out of this realm, may be indicted and tried	0

for ttm fame, either in any (hire or county within this realm, in mty be tiied like manner and form, as if fuch offence had been committed in any (hire, ‘ within the faid (hire or county, or in fuch ifland, country, or&c* within the place, where fuch offence (hall have been actually committed, rcalm* as his Majetty, his heirs, or fucceffors, may deem mott expedient for bringing fuch offender to juftice; any law, ufage,or cuftom notwitbttanding.

CAP. XXV.

An act for the more effectual vefting in the royal hofpital at Greenwich the forfeited and unclaimed Jhares of naval officers, feamen, and marines, in prizes taken from the enemy •, and for other purpojes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS, previous to, and during the courfe of, the late Preamble.

wars againjl France and Spain, divers /hips and veffels were taken from the enemy by feveral of bis Majejiy's Jhips of war, and fort Lewis at Senegal, the ifland of Go ree, the iflands 0/Martinico,

Guadeloupe, and Jeveral other of the Leeward iflands, tbs towns of Pondicherry and Karri cal, ana divers other fettlements on the coaji Coromandel, the fortrejfes of Chandenagore, Budgia Budgia Tanna, and Hughley, in or near the province of Bengal, and the fortrefs Ij/'Geriah, the town of Havanna, and J'uniry Jhips of war fn the harbour thereof, the city, town, and fort ^Manilla, and divers other forts, fectlements, and places of or belonging to or under the dominion of the crowns ^France and Spain, or their allies, were reduced and taken by the conjunct force of his Majejiy's navy and army5

c>4	Anno duodcamo Giofceii III. c.25;	[17724

my \ todtarge ouantities ef money, goods,'warts, tod were taken ana feiztd, as or plunder, by fitch conputB and divers fums of money	jtto paid) or given or agreed to be paid, h

way tf ranfim, to the officers, ,and finltrs, who bad junBtvtfy taken and feixed fundry ghtds,	and

as booty or plunder', and ajfo for the rattfom fundry forts, plaits, fettlements,and iflands,	ft reduced ana taken by fucb

as aftrefaid-,and alfodtvers fums tf money were given by certain foreign princes, in alliance with the crown 4^Great Britain, and tf the trading companies thereunto belonging, and fubjtff, by way of dilution to, and to be difiribused among, officers,	and

tors, as had affifled Jucb foreign princes, in	their gud

A& *9» aad /twice and aj/tftance: and whereas certain were made in tit S3Ge0, *3 twenty-ninth and thirty-third years of the reign tf bis late hbntfa, and tn the fiend year of the reign tf bis prefent	for tit

Ma aft a encouragement of feamen, and the more fpttdy and Geo.). bis Majeftfs navyj and for the more	the	paynmt

of filch prize and bounty money as were thereby appropriated to ^Greenwich bo/pital: and whereas doubts have arifen whether tit flips and veffels ft taken, previous to the commencement of the war, and the booty or plunder ft taken tn Jbore by fiub and the find Jbips ft taken in the harbour of Havanna, and fiub ten-fom, and	alfo fiub donations as aftrefaid, an be ctnfidered as fuijtS

to fitch diflributitn as in the find aBs are mentioned} and wbetitr fiub flares thereof, as have been forfeited and unclaimed

cers and feamen ferving on board bis Majtjly's navy, do belong to tie royal bo/pital for feamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent; ad whether fucb flares ought to be paid by the	agents,	or	other

per fins in	whofi bands the faidforfeited and unclaimed flares dt turn

remain to the treafurer of the	bo/pital, for the uft thereof: for

remedy whereof, and to obviate ail doubts and difficulties which have arifen, or may arife, concerning the faid forfeited and unclaimed (hares, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled} and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament afiemblcd, and-by the authority of the Dune, That all and every (urn and All fans arif- fums of money, ariiing by Tale of any (hip or veflel taken from i"g by tale of enemy', previous to the commencement of the late war, and en'orerioua 'now remaining unpaid to the captors thereof, and all and every to the com- die booty money, goods, wares, and merchandifes,'which were mencement of fo taken by fuch conjunct force, on (hore, and the money paid, the late war, or agreed to be paid, for the ranfom of any (hip, town, fon, tberei^are P^ace» Settlement, or ifland, fo reduced and taken by fuch con-hetSy’deem- Jun& force, or of the goods, wares, and merchandifes found ed to be in- therein; and all and every (hip and (hips taken by, or furren-duded in the dered by virtue of any capitulation, or otherwife, to fuch con-faid aftsi junft force, and alfo all fuch monies as have been given by way of donation as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and taken to be included in the faid afts, and to be fubjeft to fuch and the fame mode of diftribution, management, and application, as any

other

tyyi.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C.15;	6$

other (hips, veflels, goods, and merchandifes, were, purfuhnt and are fub-to the faid a<3s, liable to, or ought to be fubje<ft, but not fo as j.eft t0 -to impeach, affedt, or difturb any mode of diftribution, which diftnbution° may have been already adopted, or any payments which have and applies-been actually and bona fide made agreeable thereto.	tion.

II.	Provided always nevfcrthelefs, That nothing herein con- Court 0f ^

tained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to make it mirafty to neceflary to have any capture on fhore, condemned as lawful bare no add!* prize in any court of admiralty, or to give any court of admi- J®"*1 ralty any greater or other power or jurifdldtion, than what fuch	*	**

court would be' irrtitled to, in cafe this ad had not been made*

III.	And be it further ena&et! by the authority aforefaid, That Alt agents all and every perfon and perfons, agent and agents, (who, at refiding in the time of palling this ad, (hall be refiding in Gnat Britain) Britain, ap-nominated and appointed for the receipt and diftribution of the ^dpt and booty and plunder found in the fortrefs of Geriahy or of the diflributionof money arifing by the fale of any (hip, vefiel, goods, and mer- booty, &c. chandife, taken from the enemy during the late wars with Franu

and Spain^ or of the booty and plunder found in any town, fort, place, or fettlement, reduced and taken, during fuch wars a* a-forefaid, or of the ranfom of any (hip, town, fort, place, fettle- °r °f the ran-ment, or Hland, or of any goods, wares, and merchandifes, re-duced and taken aforefaid, or of any fuch donation as aforefaid, ’ or on any bounty bill, or bounty bills, given or granted for the before taking, burning, finking, or deftroying any of the enemies (hips March *5, of war, or privateers, during fuch Wars as aforefaid, their exe- >77t* pay to cutors and adminiftrators, and all and every perfon and perfons acting as fuch agent or agent9, and refiding in Great Britain bofpitaWt as aforefaid, their executors or adminiftrators, (hall, on or be* Greenwich,all fore the twenty-fifth day of Martha one thou fan d (even hun* fum* then re-dred andfeventy three, account for, and pay to the t/eafurer of the maining m royal hofpital for feamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent^ onaccountof or to his fufficient deputy or agent, for the ufe of the faid hof- the (hare* of pital, all and every fum and fums of money, as (hall be then re- officer*, &c. maining in their hands, on account of fuch (liares of the mo- "bo have de-ncy arifing as aforefaid, as would have belonged to fuch officers and^nVorfeit-and men of his Majesty’s navy and marines, who had forfeited ed (hares, not the feme, by deferring from his Majesty’s fervice, in cafe they claimed with-had nor fo deferted, and alfo fuch (hares thereof as were forfeited j.n thr*c Veart by the fevcral naval officers, feamen, and marines intitled there- f^Si^timeg to, on occafidn of their not claiming the Tame, within three appointed for years from the refpe&ive times appointed for the payment of the the payments, laid (hares, by the publick notifications given of the times of fuch payment, purfuant to the (aid a&s of parliament.

IV.	And whereas it hath frequently happened that divers naval Naval officers* officers^ feamen, and marines, have been prevented, by abfente, or fro‘mP^aiminz ether inevitable accidents, from claiming their Jbares of prize and wlthin the * bounty money, within three years after publick notifications have been limited time, given of the time appointed for payment thereof ; be it ena&ed by giving fuffici-the authority aforefaid, That if any naval officer. Teaman, or

marine, his executors or adminiftrators, (hall, after his (hare of directors of

Voi. XXX.	JF	prize	their inability*

to have their (hares refund* ed bv the treasurer.

Forfeitures and unalaimed (hares, to be recovered by bill or information.

After March *5* *773. fait: brought in behalf of the hofpital a-gainft agents.

ft }tr cent. mtereft for monies in their hands,.. to be paid by the faid •gents.

Agents,before Dec. jx, 1773, to pay to the

Anno duodecimo GfiOROll HI. c. 25;	^77^

of prize or bounty money has been paid to the treafurer of the faid hofpital, or his deputy, for the ufe thereof, by virtue of this a&, give fufficient proof to the board ofdire&orsof the faid hofpital of his inability of claiming his ihare of prize and bounty money in due time, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid board of directors, and they arc hereby impowered to order the treafurer of the faid hofpital to refund and pay to fuch naval ■ officer, feaman, or marine, his executors or adminiftrators, fuch his (hare of prize or bounty money, fo received by the faid treafurer ; and that the treafurer of the faid hofpital dull be allowed fuch payment, on paffing his account before the auditor of the faid hofpital.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the forfeited and unclaimed (hares of prizes, and other benefits accruing to the faid hofpital, by virtue of this or any former a£t, (hall and may be recovered by any a&ioo, bill, plaint, fuit, or information, to be brought in the name of the matter, or governor, and'treafurer of the faid hofpital, for the time being.

VI. And whereas many agents appointed for the receipt and diflri-t bution of prize money, and money arifing on bounty bills, have ha induced to delay the payment of forfeited and unclaimed/bares, due to tit faid royal hofpital, by virtue of the faid alls, and to carry on long ad cxpenfwe litigations with the governor and treafurer of the faid bsf-pitalj in confideration that the inter eft of the money due to the faid foj-pital, for fuch forfeited and unclaimedJhares, does fometimes far a-teed, or may be at leafl equivalent to the cofts of the faid agents, attending fuch litigations; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by tne authority aforefaid. That if any fuit (hall, after the faid twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-three, be brought in any of his Majesty's courts of law or equity, by or on the behalf of the faid hofpital, againft any agent or agents nominated and appointed for the purpofes aforefaid, or either of them, or againtt any perfon or perfons aging as fuch agent or agents, (who at the time of pafiing this afi (hall be refiding in Great Britain), their executors or admini-ftrators, for an account of, or to compel payment of any fuch (hares as aforefaid; fuch agent or agents, or perfon or perfonsj adting as foch, their executors or adminittrators, (hall pay to the treafurer of the laid royal hofpital, or to his fufficient deputy, for the ufe thereof, intereft at the rate of five pounds pa centum per annum-, for fuch fums of money as (hall, in the event of the faid fuit, appear to be remaining in the hands of fuch agent or perfon refpe&ively, on account of fuch forfeited and unclaimed (hares as aforefaid, together with the amount of fuch forfeited and unclaimed (hares; fuch intcreft to be computed from the end of three years next after the time appointed bj fuch notifications as (hall have been given purfuant to the faid

atts for the payment of fuch (hares as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further ena<5ied by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons, agent and agents, (who at the time of palling this alt (hall be refiding in parts beyond

tin

1772.I' Anno duodecimo Geqrgii III. c. 25I	67

the Teas), nominated and appointed for the receipt and diftribu-treafurer of tion of the money arifing by the faJe of any (hip, veflel, goods, th“ hofpital, and merchandife, taken from the enemy during the late wars	hi"

with France and Spain, or of the booty and plunder found in theirhandson any town, fort, place, or fettlemeht, reduced and taken during account of fuch wars as aforefaid, or of the ranfotn of any (hip, town, fort, fach (hare* j place, fettlemeftt, or iiland, or of any goods, wares, and mer-chandifes, reduced and taken as aforefaid, of on any bounty bill, or bounty bills, given or granted for the taking, burning, finking, or deftroying, any of the enemies (hips of war or privateers, during fuch wars as aforefaid, their executors, or adminiftrators, and all and every perfon and perfons alting as fuch agent or agents, and refiding in parts beyond the feas as afbre-faid, their executors or adminiftrators,- other than and except fuch agents or perfons as are or (hall be refiding in Eaft India ; fhall, on or before the thirty-firft day of December■, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, account for and pay to the treafurer of the royal hofpital for feamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent, or to his fufficient deputy, attorney, or agent, for the ufe of the faid hofpital, all and every fum and Turns of money as (hall be then remaining in their hands, on account of fuch (nares of the money arifing as aforefaid, as would have belonged to fuch officers and men of his Majesty’s navy and marines, who had forfeited the fame by deferting from his Majesty’s (Service, in cafe*hey had not fo deferted, and alfo fuch (hares thereof as were forfeited by the feveral naval officers, feamen, and marines, intitled thereto, on occafion of their not claiming the fame within three years from the refpedtive times appointed for the payment of the faid (hares, by the'publick notifications given of fuch payment, purfuant to the faid adts j and that fuch agenrs or perfons as are or (hall be refiding in Eaft India (hall account for, and pay to the treafurer of the faid hofpital, or to his fufficient deputy, attorney, or agent, for the ufe thereof, fuch (hares as aforefaid, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, which will be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four: and that if any fuit (hall, after the faid thirty-firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and if any fuit and feventy-three, be brought in any of his Majesty’s courts of fhali be law or equity by or on behalf of the faid hofpital, againft any brought a. agent or agents nominated and appointed for the purpofes afore- fg^t, &c. faid, or either of them, or againft any perfon or perfons adting except inch as fuch agent or agents, (who at the time of palling this adt (hall as are in Eaft be refiding in parts beyond the feas), their executors or admi- India, rocom-niftrators,'bther than and except fuch as are or (hall be refiding in Eaft India, for an account of, or to compel payment of any agent (hall fuch (hares as aforefaid ; fuch agent or agents, perfon or per- pay 5 k p*r fons, adting as fuch, their executors or adminiftrators, (hall pay ctnt- together to the treafurer of the faid royal hofpital, or to his fufficient de-puty, attorney, or agent, for the ufe thereof, intereft at the rate unclaimed of five pounds per centum per annum, for fuch fum of money as (bare* *

(hall, in the event of the faid fuit, appear to be remaining in the

F %	bands

68	Ahno	duodecimo Georgii III. C. i6.	tx7?^

hands of fuch agent or perfoft refpeflively, on account of fuch forfeited and unclaimed (hares as aforefaid, together with the a-Intereft to be mount of fuch forfeited and unclaimed (hares; fuch intereft to computed af- be computed from the end of three years next after the timeap. ter 3 years	pointed by fuch notifications, as have been given purfuant to

notification. tke	for t^e payment 0f fuch (hares as aforefaid.

No agreement VIII. Provided alfo, That nothing in th.is ail contained to be vacated (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to vacate any a-between the greement entered into between the commanders of his Majesty,» fea and land forces conjunctively employed in the expedition a-gainft Manilla, or any other place* during the late wars with France and SpajnK

IX.	And be it further etiailed by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch fum and fums of money as by virtue of fuch a*

commanders of Tea and land forces.

All money due to land

mlcUimed^ in Breements became due to his Majcfty’s land forces* and are now the hands of remaining unclaimed in the hands of any agent or agents, (hall any agent, to be forthwith paid to the commiifioners appointed by an aft made be forthwith ;n the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, AnaQ to

commHTioner*	igtntsfor pristmtm	to account for fuch fums

appointed by ln their hands unclaimed, the property of any of ms MajeJly s land aft 5 Geo. j. forces, and for the application thereof \ to be applied by the Hud to be applied commiifioners according to the directions of the faid aft. as the faid aft direfts.

Publick aft. X. And be it further enafted and declared) That this aft (hall be deemed a publick aft; and all judges, juftices, and other perfons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for imbanking, draining, and preferring, certain fen lands and low grounds in the parifli of Rarofey, in the county of Huntingdon; and in the parifties of Doddington* March, Benwick, Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the Hie of Ely. in the county of Cambridge; and for amending the road from a certain bridge in the narilh of Chatteris a-fore faid, called Carter's Bridge, by a drain calked Vermuyden's, 'or The Fortv Feet Drain, to a budge called The Forty Feet Bridge in the faid pat i(n of Ramfey.

Preamble. The whole fen lands deferibed make two feparate diftrift* for imbanking the river Nene ; and the faid fen lands, fo deferibed, are di-vided into five ditfrifts for draining. Firfl diftrift for draining. Second diftrift. Third diftrift Fourth diftrift. Fifth diftrift. Commiffionen appointed for general diftr ift for imbanking. Owners of too acres of land in the general diftrift may appoint a commilfioner. Commiifioners. Own* ers of hx acres of land to be a commilfioner for firft diftrift. Otrner of fix acres of land to be a commilfioner for fecand diftrift. Owner of ten acres of land to be a commifiioner for the third diftrift. Owner of ten acres to be a commilfioner for the fourth diftrift. Owner of twenty acres to be a commUfioner for the fifth d ift rift. Owner of fifty acres of taxable lands to appoint a commilfioner for fifty acres. Owners of fifty acres in lower or fifth diftrift to appoint a Commilfioner for imbanking and draining. Power of comtnilfionen of the fifth diftrift to make fub-divifions. Comroiffion-ers to meet twice in every year. Commiifioners of the lower diftrift to by a tax of i s. per acre for imbanking. Quantity of lands to be given in by owners. Allowing a re-furvey of land. How the money rated and affcfied, &c is to he applied Monies arifing in the tipper and lower diftrift bow to be applied. General commiifioners may borrow 40001, for imbanking.

Tax

1772*] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 26.

Tax of 1 s- ftr acre not to be leflened fo lone as any money i« due there-on. Securities aflignable, and to be entered in a book for that purpofe. Tax of 11. per acre chargeable with payment of the principal money, and ▼cited in creditors. No money to be borrowed but at a meeting, and with content of the comroiflioners. Tax of 1 8. to be raifcd from perfons rated, and refuting to pay ; to be levied by diitrefs and fale, with the charges, of appraifing, See. Commiflloners to ftt turnpikes on the Forty Feet Bridge. Tolls. Tolls veiled in commiflloners $ who may diftrain in cafe of non-payment. Tolls to be paid only once a day. Fences to be fet up on fide of road Or gate for occupiers of land, and a key to be given, at the cxpence of the commiflloners. Perfons permitting private paflage to evade tolls forfeit 40s. Gates, fences, and toll-houfes, vetted in commiflloners* Power to leafe tolls for three years on it days notice. Application of tolls* Qualification of commiflloners of the road and tolls: they may lower tolls with confent of creditors on *8 days notice. Perfons evading payment of tolls, to forfeit 40s Exemptions from tolls. Penalty on claiming exemptions if not intitled. Commiflloners may borrow money on credit of tfae tolls, and aflign over faid tolls for payment. Alignments to be entered in a book. Truftees may lend money on fecurity of tolls. Preference to perfons offering to lower interett. Continuance of this aft. Com*, miffioners for the drainage, to meet twice in every year. Commiflloners may aflets 3 s. pgr acre for firft dittrift; 33. per acre for fecond dittrift 3 as 6d. per acre for third dittrift; is. per acre for fourth dittrift; »s. per acre for the fifth dittrift. Tenants of part of the fifth dittrift IhaH pay the taxes during the continuance of their leafet. No dams, See. (hall be cut or opened before Aug. 1. after patting this aft. La nth exempt from draining tax. Stamps exempted from payment of taxes. Survey of general dittrift to be furveyed for feparate dill rifts. Expence of draining the fe-cond and fourth dittrift, how to be paid. Provifo. Commiflloners in fupparting and widening the general diftrifts, fhatl make fatisfaftion to thb owners ol foil. Waters not to be conveyed ttf the fea other than into the nver Nene and Forty Feet Drain. Commiflloners may diftrefs for taxes. Land-owners to pay a penalty of ad. in is. for nonpayment of taxes. Soak banks to be joined. Commiflloners may borrow money on feparate dittrift. Sums to be borrowed, at one time, on each dittrift. Securities aflignable. Money borrowed chargeable on taxes, and vetted in creditors, Commiflinners or land-owners impowered to drain any ditches 4>r drains dividing diftrifts or lands. Cutting into firing, bow to be prevented. Commiflloners to appoint officers. Officers to account yearly, which the commiflloners are to pafs. Accounts to be entered. Officers to account upon oath. Materials for roads and banks may be Carried a-way by the commiflloners. Orders and proceedings of commiflloners ta be entered in books. Orders not to be reverted. Petfons wilfully defraying works, on conviftion, (hall be deemed guilty of felony. Perfons cutting works, to forfeit 10I. on conviftion. Perfons occafioning obttrufttons an drains and fishery, to forfeit not exceeding $1. Com miffioners to make allowance for catching moles and vermin. Penalty on perfons allowing hogs to wander on the banks. Burning the banks, how to be prevented. Perfons erefting any horfe mill, &c. to forfeit col. No hods to be cut within fixty-fix feet of banks, under forfeiture of 51. Penalty for making foak banks. See. to be levied by dittrefs. No houfes to be built on banks near mills. Trees growing near baoks to be puded down. Owner or occupier to cieanfe dykes. Scc. Mills to be infured. Perfons breaking down bridges or rails, to forfeit 51. Encroachments in roads, how to be prevented. Commiflioners power tocontraft with workmen. No damage to be done to dwelling*houles in turning roads. Roads to be meSfilred, and mile-(tones erefted. No timber to be dragged upon the road, fuftices to adminifter oath. Con viftions not to be removed by Certiorari. Provifo. Double cofts in cafes of non‘Aft. Aft ions may be brought. Writings to be without damps. Perfcns not included in diftrifts to make and fupport banks. Commiflloners of private diftrifts and land owners to repair the banks of the Nene and Forty Feet Drain, if neglefted by the general commiflloners. Commiflioners impowered to repair the bank of the river Nene, in cafe of negleft, Commiflloners of the five ditttifts to make

F1	headings

JQ	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii III. c.27,28.

headings againft the Nene. Breaches in the banks of the rivet Nene,&c. Engines to be employed in draining the lands overflowed. Commiffiotien to repair the banks of the river Nene in Mr. Household's farm, if neglc&ed. Mr. John Houfehold to make and repair two headings againft toe fifth diftrift next Borough Moore Common, and the river Nene; and in cafe of negteft, commiflioners impowered to repair the fame. Experienced engineers to eftimate the value of any imbankment to be spade a j yean hence. Annual benefit by the imbankment of Kamfey Meer, and the diminniioe ot the foak water, to be paid to owners. Annual benefit to The Foot hundred Acre Farm by the diminution of the foak waters, to be paid to 'owners. Engineers and furveyors difagreeing concerning Ramfey M*r, &c. juftices to determine. Saving claufe to the corporation of Bedford Level. Saving claufe to the commiflioners of Nene* Limitation of ac-lions. General iffue. Treble coils. Publick aft.

cap. xxvir.

An eft to amend, and render more effe&ual, an aft made in the twenty-fecond vdar of the reign of his late Maiefty King George the Second! intituled, An aft ior the more eifeftual draining and preferring of fe-veral fen lands and field lands, in the bounds and precinfts of Whittle-fe^, in the lile of Ely* in the county of Cambridge, fo far a« the foae relates to the feveral fen and field lands lying in the third, fourth, and fifth diftrif^s, deferibed in the faid aft.

Preamble. Aft u Geo. t. The lands in third, fourth, and fifth diftriSs to pay a rate of 3 s. 6d. 3 s. and is. fid. per acre, befides the rate of is. 6 d. charged by aft %% Geo. a. to pay debts. Rates to be laid by the com-snifiioners for leven years. How the rates of the third, fourth, and fifth , diftrifts are to be levied after the expiration of feven years. Application of rates after feven years. Quantities of lands hereby taxed to be afeemin-cd in purfuance of aft %% Geo. a. Application of tax for feven years. Commiifionert appointed by the former to execute this a ft. The owner of Beale's farm (hall be a commiffioner. Drams may be made through Wype Doles, paying joyears purchafe for land on grofs rental. No per-fon to deftroy drains. Taxes may be levied by diftrtfs and tale. Tenants to pay, and deduft charges out of rent. If lands unoccupied, and no diftrefs to be taken. Collectors, Sec. may diftjrain when occupied. Com-miffioners may borrow money. What sums of money (hall be borrowed. Alignments to be transferrable. Taxes chargeable with money borowed. Commiflioners to eleft a receiver for each diftnft $ and to take fecurity iron them. Officers to account yearly, which the commiflxeners are to pad. Accounts to be entered. Orders and proceedings of commiflioners to be entered in books. Orders not to be reverfed. To prevent the ereftmg of horfe mills, Sec, Penalty of cutting turves, Sec, is cl. and for cutting foak dykes. See, +d. for every foot. Engines and mills may be infuxed. For. catching moles and vermin. To prevent buildings or holts being built or planted within 40 poles of a mul. Trees and holts may be removed. Houfes burnt or mown down may be rebuilt. Diftrefs.not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Double cofts. This a& not to alter the former aft. Rights of th$ corporation and others fayed to themfelves. Publick aft.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft to enlarge the ccemetery or churchyard, of the parifli of Watford, in the county of Hertford, and to make an additional building to the prefent workhoufe, for the reception of the poor of the faid parTlhj and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

CAP.

jr 772-1 Anno duodecimo Gbohoi? III. C. 29.	Ji

CAP. XXIX. yfn aH to explain and amend an ail, paffed in the fixth year of the reign of bis prefent	ihtituled,	An aft for

taking down and removing certain light-houfes now ftanding near the Spurn Point, at the mouth of the Humber \ and for erefting other fit and convenient light-houfes inftead thereof.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, paffed in the ftxtb year of Preamble.

the reign of bis prefent Majejly, intituled, An act for taking G * down and removing certain light-houfes now (landing near the	***

Spurn Pointy at the mouth of the Humber $ and for erefting other fit and convenient light-houfes inftead thereof; after reciting9 a-tnongft other things, That it was abjolutely necejfary for the fafety of the northern navigation that two new light-houfes fhould be erefted tn a proper place nearer to the Spurn Point than the place where the then light-houfes food: and that John Angell then of Stockwell in the county of Surrey, efquire, as owner of three fourth parts of the faid light-houfes, revenues, duties, and profits, having had frequent s applications made to him, or his agents, by the corporations of the.

Trinity Houfes ^Deptford Strond and Kingfton upon Hull, and alfo by Leonard Thompfon, therein named, and all pojfible means having been ufed to prevail on him to change the fituation thereof, in Jucb a manner as that they might anfwer the good ends and purpofes foil which they were originally defigned, bad, from time to time, wholly neglected or refufed fo to do, or to contribute his proportion of the expence of taking down and removing the faid then light• houfes, and of trebling and building others in the fitad thereof as aforejaid, whereby, and by petitions to his Majejly for that purpofe, and by references thereon, the faid corporations, and alfo the faid Leonard Thompfon, bad been put to tonfidtrable charges and expences; and {Ufa reciting. That the faid Leonard Thompfon was ready and willing to take down and remove the faid then light-houfes, and to ereft and build others inftead thereof, in fuch place or places near to the prefent poin( of the Spurn, and in fuch manner and form, as fhould be thought mo ft proper and convenient by the faid corporation of the Trinity Houfe */Deptford Strond, and under their infpcftion and direction, upon his being enabled to borrow and raife money for that purpofe, and for repaying to the faid corporations of the Trinity Houfes of Deptford Strond and Hull, and him the faid Leonard Thompfon refpeftively, their faid refpeftive charges and expences incurred concerning the faid light-houfes, and alfo for defraying the charges offoliciting and obtaining that aft, and fo that the three-fourth parts of the faid revenues, duties, and profits, belonging to the faid John Angell, might be a redeemable interejl in him, or the perfon or perfons entitled thereto, on bis or their paying the whole amount of ths faid expences of the faid corporations of Deptford Strond and Hull, end of him the faid Leonard Thompfon, and the interejl thereof, and three-fourth parts of the expences of obtaining that aft, and removing and rebuilding tbq find light-hou fes, and the interejl of fueh '	f	^	three*

7$	Anno	duodecimo	Georg ii III. c. 19.	[1772.

three-fourth parts, /a ffo ar perfons who Jbould advance end lend the fame, fo'j, for, ar /foir executors,* adminiftrators* or a[-ftgns \ but by reafon of the efiate and iuter$fi tvhico the /aid John Angell had in the fend three-fourth parts of the faid lands* tight-houfes* revenues, duties* and profits, and by reafon that the fold Leonard Thompfon was only tenant for life* with fuch remainders over as in the faid oft is mentioned* in the faid fourth part of tbt faid premtfes* the purpofes aforejaid could not be effefted without aid 'and authority of parliament * therefore, for promoting a workJo conducive to the jufety of bis Mefififs fubyefts* and to remedy Jo grtti a detriment to trade and navigationrs it was swifted* That it Jbould behvsful for the faid Leonard Thompfon, and other the perfeu and perfons who Jbould for the time being be intit Jed to his fourth port of the duties and profits by the faid aft granted or continued by or under the therein recited will of Edward Thompfon, and he and they were thereby, authorifed and required* with as much fpeod as tonvem-cntly might be* after the firfl day of June, one ihoufemd from hundred and fixty-fix* to ere ft and build, or caufe to be ereftod and built* Owe new and Jufficient light-boufts* with juitdble offices and tmttm-emits* at or near the faid Spurn Point, and according to fitch fkn and ejlimate as the mafter* wardens, and ajftfiants of the faid carp* ration of the Trinity Houfo ^Deptford Strond Jbould* by writing under their common Jeal* fpecify, appoint* and approve of $ and for that purpofe to take down the then prefent ligbt-houfes, and to mb uft of all or any part of the materials thereof* or otherwife to filled difpofe of, the fame* and to apply the money ariftng thereby totoorls building fitch new light-boufes; and in the mean time* and until fid new light-houfes jhall be compleated* to ere ft and continue two km* for ary ligbt-hmfes as near as might be to the refpeftive places when the faid new light-houfis jbould* as aforejaid* be appointed to be built* and alfo. to keep Jufficient lights and fires continually burning in tbt night feafon, Jo as to arfwer the purpofes intended by the faid aft* fen the benefit of navigation 5 and from time to time to enlarge* centred* filter* or remove the faid new light-houfes or either of them* os h-cafion might require, with the confint and by the dir eft ion of the jam corporation* to be fignified as afore faid 5. and* for any of the purpofes cforefaid* to enter upon and ufe fuctipart or parts of the land at nr near Spurn Point, as the corporation of the Trinity Houfe j/Deptford Strond Jbould* from time to time* by writing under their com* Vton feal* appoint: and to the end that the completion of fo necejfary a work might not be objirufted by the faid John Angelo perfifiing in bis refufql to co-operate with the faid Leonard Thompfon therm* and for enabling the faid Leonard Thompfon, or othqr perfon or perfons who jhoula corny into pojfeffm of his Jbare or inter eft in the faid premifes* to difeharge to the corporations of the Trinity Houfes a^Deptford WHull, and to him the faid Leonard Tbooiplbn re-Jpcftively* the expet.cn which be and they, bad been put to on the uca-Jions aforgfaid* and to difeharge the expences of obtaining the faid recited aft (fucb expences to be afeertained as therein is dtreded)* and to wife money, fufficient for taking down the then prefent hgbt-houfes* and cr tiling and building the faid temporary light 's and new bgbt-

4	-	btufts^

j

f 772.J	Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 29:

frottftSy it was by tbt {aidalt furthtr .tuaQtd, That it bouli It -or the faid Leonard Thompfon, or other perfon or perfom in p&jfejfion of his faid fourth part, to borrow and raife any fum or Sums of money, not exceeding^ in the whole the amount of the aforefaii expenses and ejiimate afcertaincd in manner as of ore faid \ anafar ft-curing the repayment thereof to mortgage, leafe, or demtfe, the ground which Jbould be appointed in manner oforefaid, together with the light-boufa which Jbould be trebled thereon, with their appurte• ruwccs, and the duties and profits thereby granted, for any number of years, not exceeding five hundred years9 under and Jubjeft to fuck provifoesy covenants, and conditions, as well for redemption as other purpofts, as in the faid aft are particularly mentioned and exprejftd : and it was by the faid aft further enafted, That if the jaid Leonard ‘Thompfon, or other perfon or perfons who Jbould come into pojfejfion ef bis Jhare and interejl in the faid premifes, Jbould negleft or refuft to perform the works above mentioned within two years after receive ing juch plan and ejiimate as oforefaid, that then the fata corporation of the Trinity Houfe 0/Deptford Strond Jbould caufe the fame to ht compleated; and from and after the ere ft ions $f fucb new light-boufesy and placing lights therein by the faid corporation, the faid duties thereby granted or continuedy with the powers and authorities for demanding» colleftmg, and receiving the fame, Jbould immediately veft in the faid corporation, in manner and for the time therein mentioned: andxvhereaSy in purjuanee of the faid aft, the faid Leonard Thorap-fbn bath proceeded to take down the faid old ligbt-boufes9 and at bis awn expense bath erefted two temporary lights; but thefaid Leonard Thompfon not being able to borrow a fum of money fufficient to enable him t$ ereft and build two new light-boufes at the feud Spurn Point, for the furpofes in the faid aft mentionedy was eonjlramed to apply to the faid corporation of the Trinity Houfe <f Deptford Strond, to take upon them, according to the dire ft ions of theJaid re-died aft, the erefting and building fucb two new light-boujes, with fidtable offices and conveniences, at or near the faid Spurn Point, under their care and management, which the faid corporation, after furnijbiug a proper plan and ejiimate for that purpofe to the faid Leonard Thompfon, did accordingly undertake and agree to do, and, in purjuanee thereof, have contrafted and agreed with able and experiencedfurveyors and workmen for the ereft ing and building fucb two new ligbt-houfes, according to the faid plan and ejiimate approved of under their common feal, as by the faid aft is direfted; and the faid corporation are now proceeding, with all due diligence, to conflruft and finijh the faid two new light-boufes, and for that purpofe have already expenaed and laid out feveral large fums of money, and will be under a neceffity of expending a fill further confiderable fum before the faid light-boufes and works can be compleated: and whereas the duties granted or continued by tie faid farmer aft are not to become veJUd in the faid corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond, under the powers contained in the faid recited aft, until the faid two new light-houfe sjhall be erefted, and lights placed thereon by the Jaid corporation : and whereas the faid corporation, and the fold corporation of th$ Trinity Houfe of Huh, and alfo the faid Leonard

T^Ppfon,

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. €.29,	[1772,

Thompfon, have expended very confiderable fums of money on tit tccafms in the jaid aft mentioned, as alfo in the obtaining the afore-/aid aft of parliament, (all which expences. have been afcertainei bj the commiffoners therein named, according to the dire ft ions and auth-rity of the faid aft), andJince the paffmg thereof, in pulling down tit [(aid old light-boufes, aui erefting the aforefaid temporary ligbt-beufa> and in carrying on the prefent works towards building and compkot* ing the faid two new light-boufes, which fums they have at prefent no means of bemg reimburfed\ and the agents of the faid John Angdl have alfo greatly obfirufted the workmen employed by the faid corporation of the Trinity Houfe <7/" Deptford Strond, in erefting the foil new light-houfes: and whereas it is highly neceffary to the navigat'm of this kingdom, that the faid new Rgbt~boufei Jbould be erefted aid complected as foon as may be; and it is alfo very fit and reafmablt that the faid corporations of /^Trinity Houfes ef Deptford Strond oni ^HuII, and alfo the faid Leopard Th°mpfon Jbould be feverollj paid their aforefaid charges and expenses \ may it therefore plcafe tour Majefty, that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King's mod excellent njajefty, by and with the advice and coin fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflecnbled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thon-fand (even hundred and feventy-two, the faid two temporary Tefted in Tri-^ght“houfes ereded as aforefaid, and the upholding, mainte-jiity Houfe of nance, management, and care thereof, until the faid new light* Deptford houfes (hall be ereded and compieated, and alfo all and every Strond, until the duties granted in or by all or any the letters patent in the faid recited ad mentioned or referred to, or by the faid adt continued, confirmed, or granted, together with the powers and authorities by the faid adt, or letters patent, given or granted fpf demanding, colleding, and recovering the fame, (hall immediately yeft in the faid corporation of the Trinity Hsuft of Deptford Strond, and their fucceflors, who may from time to time, appoint proper light-keepers, and other officers and fer-vants, for the care and management of the faid temporary and new light-houfes, and alfo proper perfons to receiye the iame duties $ and the faid corporation (hall and may, and is hereby required and impovyered, by and out of the three-fourth parts of the faid duties belonging to the faid John Angell, in the firft place, to difeharge and reimburfe to the faid corporations of the Trinity Houfes of Deptford Strond and Hull, and to him the faid Leonard Thompfon, all the expences which they have refpedtively been put to on the occafions in the faid ad mentioned, and which are, by the faid recited ad, direded to be wholly borne and paid by the (aid John AngtU, together with intereft for the fame; and alfo by and out of the whole of the faid duties, to difeharge and reimburfe to the faid corporations and Leonorl Thompfon all the expences which they have refpedively been put to in obtaining the faid recited ad of parliament, as the fame feveral expences have been afeertained, fettled, and allowed by the comn)iffioners therein named, as hereinbefore mentioned;

and,

Temporary light-houfes and duties

all expences be paid, Sec.

3 77*.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 29.

and, in the next place, to difcharge, fatisfy, and reimburfe to ‘the faid Leonard Thompfon* all fuch fum and fums of money as he (hall have laid out and emended in, about, or incident to the faid two temporary light-houfes, together with the interelfr for the aforefaid feveral and refpeCtive fums of money; and after payment and fatisfaClion thereof, then to fatisfy and reimburle to the faid corporation of the Trinity Hottft of Deptford Strond all fuch fum and fums of money as the faid corporation hath already or (hall hereafter expend or be put unto in maintaining and repairing, and alfo in the management and care of the faid temporary lights, and in the erecting and compleating the faid two new light-houfes, and all charges and expences incident thereunto refpeCtively, together with intereft of the fame; and alfo < the expences of foliating and obtaining this prefent a &: and from and after full fatisfeCtion of all and every the fums of mo-and after fttif-ney, charges, and expences herein-bcfore mentioned and enu- fa&ion of air snerated, and hereby intended and directed to be paid by receipt money doe, of the faid duties, and alfo after payment of the charges and pences of collecting the fame, then the power of the receiver or *fted in the receivers to be appointed by the faid corporation lhall ceafe and former predetermine, and (he faid duties (hall from thenceforth re-veft in prietors, the laid John Angell and Leonard Thompfon refpeCtively, according to their proportionate (hares and interefts therein, or in the per-fons for the time being intitled to the fame, together with the powers and authorities by the laid aft granted for dcmanding9 collecting, and recovering the fame.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted by the r authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid t0 be altered corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond* until fuch in cafe of ne-time as the faid two new light-houfes (hall be compleatly ereft- ceffity.

ed, and lights placed therein, from time to time, in cafe of absolute neceflity, to alter, or remove the faid new light-houfes, or cither of them, and for any of the purpofes aforefaid, to enter upon and ufe fuch part or parts of the land at or near the Spurn	'

Point, be it the foil or ground of the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, his heir9 or fucceffors, or of any other pcrfon or perfons, bodies politick, corporate or collegiate; and that the charges and expences of fuch alterations or removal of the faid new light-houfes, and in the mean time of erecting temporary lights, if the fame (hall be found neceiTary, (hall and may be detained, from time to time, by fhe faid corporation, out of all or any part of the faid duties, in manner aforefaid,

III.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaCted and de- p^w-fioni for dared. That if after the faid new light-houfes (hall have been future repairs, built and coropleated, and the feme (hall be re-vefted in the

faid Leonard Thompfon or John Angell* or either of them, or in any other perfon or perfons intitled to their or either of their (hares therein, the faid new light-houfes, (hall at any time thereafter be out of repair, fo as not to anfwer the purpofes hereby intended, and (hall not be put into fufticient repair and condition within the fpace of forty days, after giving or leaving no-u..........	?>	■	tto

j6	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	III.	c.29.	[1772.

tice or warning in writing from the faid corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond with the keeper or keepers of the <	faid light-houfes, requiring fuch defers or wants of reparations

to be remedied and amended; then, and from thenceforth, the /aid corporation (hall, and they arc hereby required to cauie the faid light-houfes to be repaired, and from thenceforth the faid duties hereby granted or continued, with the powers and authorities for demanding, colle&ing, and recovering the fame, (kail immediately again veil in the fame corporation who may, from time to time, appoint proper perfons to receive the fame duties, and thereout reimburse themfelves all the expences, cofts, and charges which they {hall have fuftained in or about the repairing the faid light-houfes, and all other incident charges; and from and after payment and latisfa&ion thereof to the laid corporation, the power of the receiver or receivers fo to be appointed as aforefaid (hall ceafe and determine, and the faid duties ihall thenceforth re-veft in the faid Leonard Tbompfon and Jh AngelL according to their proportionate (hare or intereft, or in the perfons for the time being intitled to the fame, with the powers and authorities hereby granted for demanding, collecting, and recovering the fame.

The duties IV. And be it enafied by the authority aforefaid, That the duties t0 demanded and raifed in refpeA to the light-fame'manner h°uks to be erclied by virtue of this prefent or the faid former as for the old alt, (hall be demanded and payable in like manner, and to as light-houfes. full extent as the fame were due and payable in refpetft of the faid former light-houfes, which have been pulled down and a-bated by virtue of the faid former alt; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

On payment V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That by Mr. An-

in cafe either of them the faid John Angell, and Leonard Thomp-tbompfon to f9n* °f perfon or perfons intitled to their refpedlive (hares of the Trinity the faid light-houfes and duties, (hall at any time,pay and reim-Houfe their burfe to the faid corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Deptferi refpeltive Strond, his or their relpeltive parts and proportions herein-be-pences?&c!~ ^orc a^ccrtalncd of the feveral (urns charged upon the laid duties ti e light ' to be vefted in the faid corporation for the purpofes hcrein-be-bouiebtore- fore directed, that then the faid light-houfes and duties (hall, veil m either fr0m thenceforth immediately re-veft in either of them the faid 0 tiem. John Angela and Leonard Thompfony or the perfon or perfons in-titled as aforefaid, according to their proportionate (hares and intcrcfts in the faid Kght-houfes and duties, who (hall have fo paid his or their lefpeetive full (hares and proportions of the faid fums of money.} any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Mr. Thomp- VI. And whereas it would be unreafonable that the proportion of f:>n impowtr- the expences charged by the faid former and this prefent aft, upon the fourth or fuch other part of the faid light-houfes and duties, wbemf c* the fad Leonard Thompfon is fa tenant for life, Jbould ie roij/i and paid out of or during kis life cjlate therein in exoneration of tbt perfon or perfons who will be intitled to the fa ate fourth part, expeft-“	*	'*	csi

I>72.7 Anno duodecimo GEorgij III. c. 29.	$7

fffi/ upon his deceafi; be it therefore further enafted by the autho-. rity aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Leonard Thompfonx and he is hereby fully authorifed and impowered, by mortgage, grant, leafe, or demife of the faid fourth or other part of the faid light-houfes and duties, and the reverfion and inheritance thereof, to bprrow and raife any fum or fums of money fufficient to pay and difeharge, and hot exceeding in the whole the amount of the faid feveral expeaces, to the payment whereof the faid fourth part is made chargeable, ' and fubjefted by the faid former and this prelent aft ; and fuch mortgage or mortgages (hall be valid and effectual to all intents and purpofes, notwithftanding the faid light-houfes and duties being invelied in the faid corporation, and notwithftanding the faid Leonard Thompfon9: being only tenant for life as aforefaid % fo neverthelefs that fuch mortgage or mortgages (hall not defeat or obftruft, or be conftrued to defeat or obftruft, the purpofes for which the faid duties are hereby direfted to be veiled in the faid corporation of the Trinity Houje of Deptford Strond; and fai as "every fuch mortgage (hall contain a provifo, that the perfon or perlons who (hall, upon the deceafe of the faid Leonard Thompson, become intitled to the reverfion or remainder of the fame fourth or other part, (hall not, on his, her, or their coming into pofleflion thereof, be liable to any larger arrear of in-tereft than for one year preceding the time when the title to fuch pofleflion (hall accrue and commence; or in default of railing by mortgage as aforefaid the amount of the faid feveral expences, whereto the faid Leonard Tbompforfs faid fourth or o-ther part of the faid light houfes and duties is charged or fub-jeQcd by the faid former or this pftfent aft, fpr the purpofes herein-before enumerated, the fame (hall be . a lien and charge upon the reverfion or remainder of the fame fourth or other part, expeftant on his deceafe, and (hall be payable to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid Leonard Thompfon (hall by deed or will, to be duly executed by him in the prefence of and attefted. by two or more credible witnefies, direft and appoint, or in default thereof, to the executors or adminiftrators of the faid Leonard Thompfon, at the end of fix months next after his death, together with intereft for the fame, from the day of his deceafe, by the perfon or perfons who (hall thereupon become intitled to the reverfion or remainder of, the fame fourth or other part of the faid light-houfes and duties.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no-Saving Mr, thing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, Conftabie’a to prejudice William Conjlable efquire, his heirs or afiigns, or fuch ri£htl# other perfon or perfons who now is or hereafter (hall be owner or owners of the foil or ground whereon fuch new-intended . light-houfes, offices, or other conveniences, (hall be built, with refpeft to the fatisfaftion and recompence made to him or them by the faid former aft, nor to defeat, leflen, or prejudice, the right,, title, and intereft, of the faid William ConfMe% his heirs, or afiigns, as lord or lords of the manor of Kilnfea, in the faid

county.

1 s	Anno duodecimo Georgii III, c.joT [1772,

county, or as lord or lords of the feigniory of Holdernefs; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Saving the VIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded by the author rights of the nty aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, of corporation. fcc conftrued to extend, to prejudice, lefien, or defeat, any of the powers, privileges, immunities, or jurifdidions of or belonging to the corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Stroud. limitation of IX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, actions. That if any adion or fuit (hall be commenced agiinft any per-fon or perfons for any thing done, or to be done, in purfuance of this ad, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the adion or fuit (hall be brought within fix calendar months next after the fad committed, and (hall be laid in the county of Torky and not elfe* where ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or fuit General iffue. fo to be brought (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall becooK nonfuit, or (hall difeontinue his, her, or their adion or adioos, fuit or fuits, or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants Treble coils, (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have fuch remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants (hall and may have in any cafes by law.

Publick ad# X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That this ad (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be i publick ad; and be judicially taken notide of as fuch in all courts, and by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfo* ever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXX.

An act for the further augmentation of the fabrics of At juftices of Chefter, and the great fejions for the countits in Wales.

Preamble. XT7HERE AS it is highly rtafonahlt and expedient that a fur VV tber augmentation jbould he made to the /diaries of the jujluti Surplus anting of Chefter, and of the great fejfms for the counties in Wales: cd from ftamp- whereas the feverdl/lamp-duties, granted by divers afts of parliament ed by* 3* Geo. ma*e tn	thirty fecond year of the reign of bis late majefly Kq

». and % & 5 * George the Second, and in the feconi and fifth years of bis prefest Geo. 3. Majejly s reign, and appropriated for the payment of the augmentd falanes of the refpcRive judges therein mentioned, have, for the laj four years, produced annually a confiderahle furplus; and the fame by the faid Jeveral afls, referved for the difpofition of parliament; be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tern-from April*, poral, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and plied a* a fur- ^y the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day ther augmen- of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, there tarion to the (hall be iffued, paid, and applied, in every year, out of any of falanes of the furplufles which (hall arife upon the fcvcral (lamp-duties ,uluce81	granted

I772-] Anno duodecimo Georgii III, c. 31.	75

granted by the ads aforefaid, after the payments already charged hereupon, (hall, from time to time, have been fatisfied, the urns of money following to the feveral juftices herein-after mentioned, as an addition to, and in further augmentation of, their ^	.	..

refpedive falaries; that is to fay, the annual fum of three hun-	the

dred pounds, to the chi$f juftice of Cbtfitr for the time being; chief juftice the annual fum of two hundred pounds, to the fecond juftice of of Chefier; Cbtfltr for the time being; and to each of the juftices for the J£^Vfeco"d* time being of the great feflions for the counties in : which juftice, faid feveral and relpedive fums of money (hall be, and are here- to every juf-by charged upon the furplufles of the (everal ftamp-duties afore- tice of the faid, aad (hall be paid thereout, in every year, at fuch time or times, and in fuch manner, as the iidaries of the faid juftices now ^ n. are or have been ufed to be paid.	ufual.

II.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the autho- if the (nr* rity aforefaid. That if the furplufles of the faid duties (hall prove ProT* insufficient, in any year, to make good and anfwer the fums herein-before appointed to be paid and applied yearly, in further Sawable** augmentation of the falaries of the faid juftices ; then, and in batement to every fuch year, a rateable abatement or deduction, in propor- be made, tion to fuch deficiency, (hall be nude out of the feveral annual fnms hereby directed and appointed to be paid for that year to fuch juftices refpe&ively; and if any furplus (hall remain, in any year, of the produce of the faid duties, after payment of the monies hereby charged thereon, the fame (hall be referved for the difpofition of parliament, in the fame manner as it was directed to be referved before the making of this a&.

CAP. XXXI.

An a£l to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify tbemfelves for offices and employments *, and to indemnify juftices	of the peace, or	others, who have omitted to regifter

or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by ' law,and for giving further time for tbofe purpofes; to indemnify members and officers, in cities,	,

and borough	towns,	wbofe admiffions have been omitted to

he	ftamped according to law, or, having been flumped,

have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped, and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to at tor nits and folicitors.

WHEREAS divers perfons, who, on account of their Preamble.

places, employments, or profefftons, or any other taufe or -fion, ought to have taken end	fubferibed the or the ajjurance -

fpcOively appointed to be by fuch perfons taken and fubferibed, in and by an a£l made in the firft year of tbe reign of his late	King

George tbe Firft, of glorious memory, intituled. An atft for the fur- perron, wj,<» ther fecurity	of his Majesty’s perfon and government, and the hav: omitted

fuc- to take the

«o

oaths appointed by . ad i Geo. s.

Aft 15 Car. a. Aft >5 Gar. a.

Aft jo Car* a*

Aft s Geo, t»

Aft 9 Geo. a.

Aft 18 Geo. a.

and Aft 6 Geo* j.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. jh . [1772V

fuccefliort of the crown ill the heirs of the late princefe Sophia* being proteftants ; and for extinguiftiing the hopes of the pretended prince of IVales* and his open and fecret abettors; or to have qualified themfelves according to an aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the well-governing and regulating corporations 5 or to have fra* Hfied themfelves according to another aft made in the twenty-fifth jiet of the reign of King Charles the Second* intituled, An act for preventing the dangers which may happen from popifti recufants, by receiving the facrament of the Lord's flipper, according to the ufage of the church of England, and making and fubfcribing the declaration againft tranfubftantiation therein mentioned; sr according to another aft, mode m the thirtieth year of the reign sf\ King Charles the Second* intituled, An act for the more effectual preserving the King’s perfon and government, by difabling pa-piifts from fitting in either hoqfe af parliament $- or according u another aft made in the eighth year of the reign of bis late mjtft King George the Firfi; intituled, An act for granting the people called Quakers* fuch forms of affirmation or declaration atmaj remove the difficulties which many of them lie under; tret* cording to another aft, made in the ninth year of the reign of bn kt vtajejfy King George the Second, intituled, An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that porpofej and for amending fo much of an aft, pafled in the fccond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as requires perfons to qualify themfelves for offices before the end of the next term, or quarter-feffions ; and alio for enlarging the doe limited by law for making and fubferihing the declaration a-gainft tranfubftantiation 5 and for allowing a further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papifts ; and for relief of proteftant purchasers, devHees, and feflees; or according to amthr aft made in the eighteenth year of the reign' of his late mtijefy Keg George the Second* intituled. Art aft to amend and render more effe&ual an aft palled in the fifth year of his prefent Majetfy’s reign, intituled. An act for the further qualification of jujlices oj tht peace \ or according to another aft made in the fixth year of the rtip of his prefent Majefiy* intituled, An act for altering the oath of abjuration, and the affurrance ; and for amending fo much of aa aft made in the feventb year of her late Majefty Queen /w, intituled. An act for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned to perfonsindiftedot high treaforx, or mifprifion of treafon, have* through ignorance sj the law* abfence* or fome unavoidable accident* omitted to take andfd* feribe the Jaid oaths and affurance* and make and fubferibe the ^duration required by law, or otkerwife to qualify themfelves as afore* faid* within fucb time, and in fuch manner * as in and by the foiiafli refpeftively* or by any other aft of parliament in that behalf malty is required* whereby they have incurred* or may be in danger of incurring, divers penalties and d fabilities: for quitting tht minis sf

1772.] Anno duodecimo Geqroii III.	81

bis Majeflfs fubjefls* and fir preventing any inconveniences that might otberwije happen by means of futb omijjions; be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and.confem of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the feoie, That all atid every perfon or perlons who, at or before not qualifying the paffing of this ad, hath or (hall have omitted to take and before tbe Jubfcribe the faid oaths and declarations, or to receive the facra- of this mem of the lord’s fupper, or otherwife to qualify him, her, or 1 themfelves, within fuch time, and in fuch manner, as in and by the faid ads, or any of them, or by any other ad of parliament in that behalf made is required ; and who after accepting any fuch office, place, or employment, or undertaken any prorcffion or thing on account of which fuch qualification ought to have been had, and is required, before the palling of this ad, hath or have taken and fubferibed the faid oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and alfo received the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, or who, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December* one thou- or before Dec* fand feven hundred and feventy-three, (hall take and fubferibe *5* *?73» the faid oaths, declarations, and aflurance refpedtvdy, in fuch cafes wherein by law the faid oaths* declarations, and aflurance, ought to have been taken or fubferibed, in fuch manner and form* and at or in fuch place or places, as are appointed in and by the faid ad made in the firft year of the reign of his faid late majefty King Oeorge the Firft, or by any other ad or ads of parliament in that behalf made and provided, and alfo hath or have received, of (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December* ene thoufaod feven hundred and feventy three, receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper according to the ufage of the church of England* it! fuch cafes wherein tbe faid facrament * ought to have been received, and hath or have made and fub-fcribed, or (hall, on or before the faid twenty -fifth day of De-tember, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, make and fubferibe the faid declaration againft tranfubftantiation, and alfo hath or have made and fubferibed, or (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, make and fubferibe the faid declaration, in the faid ftatute made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in fuch cafes wherein the faid declarations ought to have been made and fubferibed, and take and fubferibe the oath directed by the faid ad made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, in fuch cafes wherein the faid oath ought to have been taken and fubferibed, in fuch manner as by the faid ad is direded, (hall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged, from and againft all indemnified penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and difabilities incurred, or *£ainlt f°r-to be incurred, for or by reafon of any negled or- omifiion, pre- cuur<1'

Yious to the paffing of this ad, of taking or fubferibing the faid oaths or aflurance, or receiving the facrament, or making or fubferibing the faid declarations, or taking pr fubferibing the*

Yol. XXX.	G	Lid

Not to indemnify any perfon for any penalty incurred by neglecting to qualify him-

Perfons producing appointments and admif-fions before *5i 1773,

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 31.	[1771.

faid oath, according to the above-mentioned aft*, or any of them* or any other aft or afts ; and fuch perfon and perfons is, and are, and (hall be fully and aftually recapacitated and reftor-ed to the fame ftate and condition, as he, (he, or they were in before fuch negleft or omiflion, and (hall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themfelves, according to the above-mentioned afts, and every of them : and that all elections of, and afts done, or to be done, by any foch perfon or perfons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, are and (hall be of the fame force and validity, as the fame or any of them would have been if fuch perfon or perfons refpec-lively had taken the faid oaths or affiirance, and received the fa-crament of the Lord’s fupper, and made and fubferibed the faid declarations, and taken and fubferibed the faid oath, according to the direftion of the faid afts, and every or any of them; and that the qualification of fuch perfon or perfons, qualifying them-felves in manner, and within the tftne appointed by this ad, fhal) be, to all intents and purpofes, as effectual as if fuch perfon or perfons had refpeftively taken the faid oaths aod affur-ance, and received the lacrament, and made and fubferibed the laid declaration, and taken and fubferibed the faid oath within the time, and in the manner appointed by the feveral ads before mentioned.

II.	Provided always. That this aft, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to indemnify any perfon againft whom final judgement (hall hare been given, in any aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having neglefted to qualify himfeif within the time limited by law.

ill. And whereas the appointments of divers clerks of the feat, town clerks, and other puhlick officers, and the admiffions of dbm members, and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, sc the entries of fuch admiffions in the court books, rolls, or records if fuch cities, corporations, and borough towns, which by feveral ads if parliament are dire fled and required to be famped, may not have bm provided, or the fame not duly Jlamped, or may have been loft or mil-laid ; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, for the relief of fuch perfons whofe appointments and admiffions, or the entries of whofe admiffions as aforefaid may not have been provided, or nor duly damped, or where the fame have been loft or miflaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for foch perfons, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, to provide, orcaufc to be provided, appointments and admiffions, or entries of admiffions as aforefaid, duly damped; or, in cafe where fuch appointments, admiffions, or entries of admiffions, as aforefaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly damped, to produce fuch appointments, admiffions, or entries of admiffions as aforefaid, to the commiffioners appointed toinfped and manage the revenues of the ftarap-duties to be duly damp*

* cd;

i772-] Anno duodecimo GfeoRfin III. c- 3*;	Bj

rd 5 which fuch commiffioners are hereby authorifed, impowef-’ ed, and required to duly (lamp, on payment of the duties firft payable, or to have been paid on fuch appointments, admiftions, or entries of admiftions, as aforefaid, without any fine or forfeiture thereon; and fuch perfons fo providing .appointments, admiftions, or entries of admiftions, as aforefaid, duly (lamped; Jj* c™-or procuring the fame to be duly damped in manner aforefaid, qualified toatt are and (hall be hereby confirmed and qualified to adl as clerk as clerk, of of the peace, town clerk, or other publick officer, or member Acer, cr mem* or members, officer or officers, of fuch cities, corporations, and her of corpo-borough towns refpedtively, to all intents and purpofes, and ma^emoyatl (hall and may hold and enjoy, and execute fuch offices, or any offices into, other office or offices, into which he or they hath or have been which they elected, vnotwithftanding his or their omiffion, or the omiffion **cn of any of their predeceftors, in fuch cities, corporations, or Jeofail ^ borough towns as aforefaid, and .fhall be indemnified and dif- indemnified, charged of and from all incapacities, difabiiities, forfeitures, from all penal-penalties, and damages, by reaibn of any fuch omiffion; and t,es an<? Danone of his or their ads (hall be queftioned or avoided by rea- ^bV^fon fon of the fame.	ofomWIbns.

IV.	Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein con- Not to txtend tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftore or to rtftore per-intitle any perfon or perfons to any office or employment, bene-

fice, matter, or thing whatfoever, already adUally avoided by ^ judgement,

judgement of any of his Majesty*s courts of record, or already

legally filled up aod enjoyed by any other perfon ; but that fuch

office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing £b avoided, or

legally filled up and enjoyed, (hall be and remainrin and to the

perfon or perfons who is or are now, or (hall, at the pafling of

this ad, be legally mtitled to the fame, as it this ad had never

been made.

V.	And whereas many pet fins have omitted to caufe affidavits to be Perfons who

made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper office, of the aftual execution of J'everal contracts in writing entered into by them to fervr	e

as clerks to attornies or folicitors9 within the time in which the fame Michaelmas; ought to have been doney and many infants, and othersy may thereby 177a, incur certain difabiiities; for preventing thereof, and relieving fuch

perfins% be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon who, at the palling of this ad* fhall have neglected or omit* ted to caufe any fuch affidavit or affidavits as aforefaid to .be made and filed, and who, on or before the firft day of ATubaeU mas term, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, fhall caufe one or more affidavit or .affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in fuch manner as the fame ought to have been made and filed in due time, (hall be, and is hereby indem- are indemnf* nified, freed, and difeharged, from and againft all penalties, for-	dif-

feitures, incapacities, and difabiiities, in or by any aft or afts °f pcna!ties[r°m parliament mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by p reafon of fuch negleft or omiffion ; and every fuch affidavit and affidavits fo to be made, and which (hall be duly filed on or before the faid firft day of Michaelmas term, one thoufand feven

Q 2	huti*

84	Anno	duodecimo Geor6ii III. C.3I.	[1772.

hundred and fevcnty-two, (hall be as effectual, to ail intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been made and fifed within the re-fpe&ive times the fame ought, by the laws now in being for that purpofe, to have been made and filed.

Ferfons pay- VI. And, for the relief of any perfen or perfons who tknttgh neg anVdutieswi ^ or ^tta^verttncJ b*™ knitted to pay the feveral rates and duties, fndemure*, n or Part thereof upon monies given, paid, contra&ed, or ogreei See. before* for, with or in relation to any clerks, apprentices, or fervonts, wbt Sept. »9» 1771, have been put or placed to or with any mafier or miflrefs to horn snj idl ** fadfi^k Profefl*9n>	**	employment; and to have pub indenture, cr

pcn other writings, which contain the covenants, articles, controls, tr agreements, relating to the fervice of fucb clerk, apprentice, or fa vant, Jlamped within the times by the feveral a&s of parliament, fir tbofe purpofes refpefiivety limited; or who have aifo in like mour omitted to infert and write, in words in length, in fitch indenturef, tr other writings, as aforefaid, the full fum or Junes of money, orosj part thereof received, or in any-wde direflly or indirectly green, fed, or agreed, or contracted for, with or in relation to every fucb tkrl, apprentice, or fervant, as aforefaid; be it enaded, That upon payment of the rates and duties upon monies, or fuch part of fuch monies fo negle&ed or omitted to be paid as aforefaid, on or before the firft day of September, one thoofand feven hundred and fevetxty-two, to fitch perfon or perfons to whom the fame ought to be paid, and tendering the faid indentures, or other writings, to be (lamped at the fame time, or at any time on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoubnd feta hundred and feventy-two, (of which timely notice is to be given in the Lond<m''Gatsette,) the fame indentures, or other writings, (hall be good and available in law or equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatfoever * and the clerks, apprentices, or fervants, therein named, (hall be capable of following and exercifing their refpeflive intended trade or employment, as fully as if the faid rates and duties fo omitted had been duly paid, and the full fum or fums received or agreed for as aforefaid had been inferted 5 and the perlons*who have incurred any penalties by the omifiions aforefaid, (hall be acquitted and difcharged of and from the faid penalties, (except fuch perfons againft whom any procefs has been already commenced;) any thing in the faid former alts to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII. And be it further eng&ed, That in cafe any aAion, fuit, bill of indi&ment, or information, (hall, from and after the Perfons profe- paffing of this aft, be brought, carried on, or profeevted againft cuted and sn*y perfon or perfons hereby meant or intended to be indemni-tobe intan^ recapacitated, or reftored, for or on account of any forfeiture, nified, may penalty, incapacity, or difability whatfoever, incurred, or to be plead the ge- incurred, by any fuch negleA or omiflion, fuch perfon or perfons acral iflue. may plead the general iflue, and upon their defence give this aA, and the fpecial matter, in evidence^ upon any trial to be bad thereupon.

CAP.

ijj2.]' Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 32.	85

CAP. XXXII.

An ail for allowing the fret importation of rice into this kingdom,from any of his Majtfty's colonies in America,

for a limited time.

\

WHEREAS the allowing the free importation of rice from Preamble.

any of bis Majeflfs colonies in America into Great Britain for a limited time, may be of great advantage \ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted \ and be it enabled by the King’s moit excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this aft, it (hall	may be

and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to import into Great Britain, from any of his Majesty’s colonies in America, at tjme before any time or times before the firft day of May% one thoufand May 1,1773* fcven hundred and ieventy-three, any rice without the payment of any fubfidy, cuftom-duty, or impofition whatfoever, any thing in any former aft or afts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife not with (landing.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Subfidy of 6,d. That for and upon all rice which (hail be imported into this£{[ kingdom duty-free by virtue of this aft, and which (ha)l be ported, to be again exported thereout,'there (hall be paid and anfwered to his paid, accord-Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, a fubfidy of poundage of fix- jngthe wa-pence in the pound, according to the value or rate fet upon ricelue t“ercof» imported, in the book of rates, referred to by the aft of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second $ which faid fubfidy of fixpencc in the pound, upon fuch rice fo exported, (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and recovered, by fuch ways and means, and ^ he levied as under fuch rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the	yc°

fubfidy or poundage, for any goods or merchandife exported other goods, from Great Britain, may be raifed, levied, collefted, or recovered, by any aft of parliament now in force, as fully and effeftually to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures relating thereto, were parti- • cularly repeated, and again enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Duties hereby That the faid duties granted by this aft upon rice exported, (hall grated to be (the neceflary charges of management excepted) be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and be there referved for exchequer, the difpofition of parliament.

*3

CAP.

66	Anno duodecimo GeoRGII III. c.33,34. [1772.

CAP. XXXIIII.

An a& for allowing the importation of wheats wheat flour, rye, rye meal, and Indian corn, into this kingdom, /or a limited time% fret of duty.

preamble.	TT 711 ERE AS the importation of wheat and wheat flmr> rjt,

VV and rye mealy from any part of Europe, or from any of hh Majefys colonies in America, and alfo the importation of Indian corny from any of his Majeflys colonies in America, into this kingdom^ for a limited timef free of dutyy may be advantageous to bis Majtflji fubjefts; may it therefo?e pleafe your molt excellent Majefty that ' it may be ena&ed ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Fleur, rye, aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and and rye meal, may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, to may be 1m- import into Great Rritainy in any (hip or veflel whatfoever, at any time or times before the firft day of Decembery one thoufand /even hundred and feventy-two, any wheat, wheat flour, rve, and rye meal, from any part of Europey or from any of hisMa-jefty’s colonies ip America; and alfo any Indian corn, from any of his Majesty’s colonies in Americay into Great Britain% without the payment of any fubfidy, cuftom, duty, or impofition whatfoever; and may alfo be carried coaftwife, under fuch regulations as wheat and wheat flour, rye, and rye meal, of 'the growth of this kingdom, are now allowed to be carried coaftwife, at all times before the faid firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two; any thing in any former or other adt or a<fts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

II. Provided always, and be It further enabled by the authority a fore fa id, That a due entry (hall be made, in fuch manner hou^belonff- an<* ^orm as were u^ec* or Pra&ifed before the making of this pig to the port of all wheat, wheat flour, rye, and rye meal, and Indian into which corn, which (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom, by the fame (hall Virtue of this adt, before the faid firft day of Decembery one thou-pe imported, farlci feven hundred and feventy-two, at the cuftom-houfe belonging to the port into which the fame (hall be imported or on penalty of brought in; or othervyife, in default bf making fuch entry, fuch being made' wheat, wheat flour, rye, and'rye meal, and Indian corn, (hall ^uafdory16 l,able anc* fubje& to fuch and the fame duties as were pay* formerly paid. able upon the importation thereof before the making of this 1	•	adt; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith*

ftanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An to amend an adt of the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Mi* jelly, for building a wtorkhoufe in the parifli of Saint Martin inthe Fields, witnin the city of VVeltminJeF, in the county of Middiefcx.

IBjiy

ported, without payment of duty, at any time before Dec. i, tn i9 from any part of Europe or America.

IJue entry to by made

CAP,

1772-]	Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.35.	87

CAP. XXXV.

An a3 for enabling their Majefties to 'enfranchife copyhold lands bolden of the manor of Richmond, in the county of Surrey, and for enabling bis Majefty to Jhut up a lane leading from Richmond Green to the river Thames, and to fell and exchange certain lands within the manors of Richmond and Wimbleton.

WHEREAS his Majejly, being feifed in right of his crown Preamble, of the manor of Sheene, otherwife Weft Sheene, other-wife Richmond, in the county of Surrey, did, by letters patent under the great feal, bearing date the fourth day of O&ober, in the tenth year of his reign, grant the faid manor to bis royal confort Queen Charlotte, during the term of her natural life, at the ancient reserved yearly rent of twenty pounds: And whereas it may be convenient to their Majefties to enfronchife the copyhold eftates, bolden of the faid manor, but fuch enfranchifement cannot be made without the aid of parliament: And whereas his Majesty, in right of his crown, or feme perfon or ptrfons in truft for bis Majefty, is or are feifed of a farm confifting of a mejfuage, out-buildings, and thirty eight acres of land or thereabouts, fttuate within the manor 4/* Wimbleton, in the faid county of Surrey $ and it would be convenient to his Majesty to have a power offelling or exchanging the faid farm, and alfo divers eftates belonging to bis Majefty in the laid manor of Sheene, otherwife Weft Sheene, otherwife Rich monel, for other eftates more convenient y fi-tuatc\ be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and common?, in this pretent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for their Ma- Their Majef-jefties, and the furvivor of them, at any time or times, during t,*s ^ their lives, and the life of the furvivor of them, by any writing their or writings to be by their Majefties, or the furvivor of them, live*, enfran' fubferibed, in the prefence of two or more witneffes, to enfran- chife copy-chifc all or any copyhold meffuages, lands, tenements, or here-ditaments, holden of the faid manor of Sheene, otherwife Weft ho^en of the Sheene, otherwife Richmond\ and to acquit and difeharge the fame manor of meffuages, lands,tenements, andhereditaments,and therefpedive Richmond, tenants thereof, of and from all copyhold or cuftomary tenure, rents, and fervices whatfoever; and fuch meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall, from the refpedive times of fuch enfranchifement, be, and be deemed freehold eftates, holden of jnftruments the fame manor, any ftatute or law to the contrary thereof not- of cnfranchifc-withftanding.	ments, by vir-

II. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the autho- k*reoJ’ rity aforefaid, That every inftrument of enfranchifement made t^c genera? by virtue of this ad, (hall, at one of the two general courts ba- court* baron ron which (hall be holden for thte aforefaid manor of Sheene, holden at otherwife Weft Sheene, otherwife Richmond, next after the date of ^u^Tntered fuch enfranchisement, be duly prefented and entered on the court thVcourt

Q 4	rolls	roll* |

88	Anno	duodecimo	Gborgu	III.	C.35.	[1771.

»tu1, within rolls or books of the faid manor: And alfo within the fpace of 6 months if- gx months after the day of the date of fuch enfranchisement, be rolled before »nro^c^ before the King's auditor of the county of Array for the the King’* time being, or his deputy, and not being fo prefented, entered, auditor of and inrolled, within the refpeftive times aforefaid, (hall be void, ®urW 5 or and of none effefh

wifevoid." HL And be it further enaded by the authority afare&id, His majefty, That it (ball be lawful for bis Majefty, at any time or tiroes during hit during his life, to make fale of all or any of the freehold or hie, may fell copyhold mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, of which his

&7wTthintheM^efty» °f®7 P^00 ®r Perfons in truft for hi* Mgefty, aic nnnor of or ls now feited within the aforefaid manors of ffmkkton and Richmond, in Sheene, otherwife Weft Sheene, otberwife Richmond* or either of which he is them, for fuch price or prices as can be obtained for the (aid or exchange ffccbold or copyhold eftates, or to exchange the fame, or ay any part ^ Part thereof, for the fee- Ample and inheritance of any other free-thereof* hold or copyhold mefluages, lands, or hereditaments, as to his Majesty (hall, from time to time, feem nsoft convenient; any flatute or law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

All Aims a- ^ IV. Provided always, and be it further epa&ed by the Mtho. rifina from rjty aforefaid. That all Aims of money which (hall be raifedby faid eftates to an? or ^ct bis Majefty’s aforefaid eftates within the M be paid to* manors of Wimbleton and Sheene, otherwife Weft Sheenty otber-the chancel- wife Richmondy or of any part thereof, (hall be paid to the chin* l°r*1 of the	cel lor, of his Majesty’s exchequer, for the time being, and (hall,

exchequer. wjth ajj conVenient fpeed, be laid out and applied by order of his Majesty, his heirs or fqcceftors, in the purchafe of the fee-Ample ana inheritance of fuch freehold and copyhold lands or tenements, as to his Majesty, his heirs or focceffors, ftiall feem convenient, to be conveyed and allured to the ufe of, or in truft for, his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors.

After the pafs-	V. And whereas there is at prefept a lane or foot-path leading fm

* h* b«f. the Green in Richmond to the fide of the river Thames, which lane Ing from Rich - divides certain grounds within the faid manor belonging to their Ab-mond Green iefites> which lane might be /hut up without any inconvenience to tie to the	inhabitants within the faid manor, there being another lane Ue£*i

Thames, to from the fame Green to the river fide called Palace Lane: And be tout up. whereas it would be a great improvement to the faid grounds if the frft-mentioncd lane or foot-path was Jhut up: And whereas the Kinfi tnofi excellent majefty hath been gracioufly pleafed to fignify his ropl intention of caufwg Palace Lane to be amended and kept in good repair for the future, and alfo to caufe to be raefedy made, and to he fept in good repair a foot-path and towing-path from the end of tho faid lanty along the fide of the faid river, to two ferries belonging to his Majcfijy one called Railhead Ffcrry, and the other Ifleworth Church* Ferry, which will be advantageous to perfons having octofion to pafs from the faid green to the faid ferries \ be it therefore ensured by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the pairing of this aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, Jiis heirs and. fucceflors, at his and their cofts and charges, to

’I*	'	m	f.

J772*] Anno duodecimo Geokqii III. c. 36,-38.	89

caufe the lane or footbath from the houfe now in the occupation of Lewis Shepbeard wine-merchant, near Richmond Green aforefeid, to the fide of the river Thames, to be (hut up and dif-continued; end it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons, at any time after the palling of this a£t* to make ufe of the faid lane or foot-path, or any part thereof, on foot, or otherwife, from the faid houfe in the occupation of the faid Lewis Sbep-heard to the fide of the river Thames \ any right, claim, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. n . r

VI.	Provided, That the King’s moil excellent majefty do and fhall, at his own proper cofts and charges, caufe the laid lane by his Ma-called Palace Lane from Richmond Green aforeiaid, to the fide of jefty, at his the river Thames, to be well and fufficientfy amended and made °wn charge^ commodious) and aUo do and (hall caufe a convenient foot-path &c* and towing-path to be raifed and made from the end of the faid Palace Lane, next the river Thames, along the fide of the find river, to the faid ferries called Railhead Ferry and Iflewartb Church Fer~ ry ; and that his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, or any perfon or perfons daiming by, from, or under, or in truft for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, who fhall, for the time being re-fpedively, hold, occupy, pofiefs, or enjoy Richmond lodge, park, and gardens, do and mail keep the faid Palace Lane from Ricb~ maud Green to the fide of the river Thames, and alio the foot-path and towing-path along the fide of the faid river, from the end of the faid Palace Lane to the faid ferries, in fiich good and fuf-ficient repair as that the fame (hall be convenient at all times hereafter for pafiengers on foot, and that the faid foot-way along the fide of the faid river (hall and may be ufed as a towing-path by perfons on foot, towing and haling barges, boats, and other yefiels along the faid river.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for compleating a building intended Tor a n$w church or chapel ‘ at Richmond, near Everton, in the county palatine of Lancafter) and for other purpofes.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for draining and preferring certain commons, low grounds, and cars in the parilh of Market Weighton, and other adjacent panihes m the eaft riding of the county of York) and for making a navigable cat or canal from Market Weighton to the river Humber.

cap. xxxym.

An act for paving, cleaafmg, lighting, watching* and regulating the fquares, ftreets, rows* lanes* alleys* and other publick paflagts and placet, within the parilh ot Chi ill Church* in Middlefex) and for removing puifances and ob&ru&ion* therefrom.

96	Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.39.	[1772.

CAP. XXXIX.

An cbt for ratfing a certain fum of money by loam or exchequer bilhy for the fervice of the year one tboufani /even hundred and feventy-two.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. \K7 ® y** Maiejtys me ft dutiful and loyal fubjefls, the ccmrnm ,	V V *f Great Britain, in porliamtni ajfembled, towards rcifa

the necejfary fupplits which we have chearfuHy granted to your Ms-jefty in this fcjfion of parliament, have refohed to give and grant iota your Majcfty the fum heroin-after mentioned; and do therefore mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enaAed by the King's mod excellent majedy by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the au-m^be^rea- *k°nty fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for fury to raife ' comraifiioners of his Majedy's treafury now or for the time v.8oo,oool. by being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for loans on ex- the time being, at any time or times before the fifth day of Jm-mry^ one ^oufan^ feven hundred and feventy-three, to caufeor *77i» J 5* direft any Joans to be taken or received at his Majesty's exchequer from any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies politick or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there for any fum or fums of money, not exceed-b ?J^nncr.ai ing, in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the fum ad of thisC onc million eight hundred thoufand pounds, in the fatneor feflion is pre- like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like fcritied, with rules and dire&ions as in and by an adt.of this prefent feflion of refpeft to parliament, intituled. An afi for continuing and granting to his Ms-chequer bffls Jefty certa*n duties upon malty mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervid thereby au-	of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, are enafted

thorifed to be and preferibed concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be tak-takenormade. CIj or ma(je Jn purfuance of the faid a<ft.

The clauftsin H. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That retains to a^ an(* every t*lc claufes» provifoes, powers, privileges, advan-loans or bills *ageS penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in the faid 9 laft-mentioned a6t, relating to the loans or exchequer bills au-thorifed to be made by the fame aft, (except fuch claufes as do charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame act, and except iuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid tor the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the faid ad, and alfo •xcept as is herein-after mentioned,) fhall be applied and extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in purfuance extended to of this adt, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpefes, tins aft. as jf the fame loans or exchequer bills had been original!} au-thorifed by the faid laft-mentioned a£t, or as if the faid itveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enscb ed in the body of this aft.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the aurho-

'	4	ntj

i772-] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C, 39.	91

rity aforefaid, That no exchequer bill or bills to be made out by Exchequer virtue of this a£l, (hall, after the fame hath or have been iflued bi,,s *ffued# at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the fixth day	****’

of Aprils onethoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, receiv- in payment of cd or taken, or pafs or be cunent, to any receiver or collector any taxes, in GVtat Britain, of the cuftoms, cxcife, or any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, or at the receipt of the exchequer from any fuch receiver or colledtor, or from any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwife or oft any other account than for the difeharge and cancelling of filch bills in cafe the famd (hall be, in due courfe or order of payment, before the fajd fixth day of April; nor (hall any fuch receiver or collector exchange, at any time, before the faid fixth day of Aprils for any money of nor exchaqg. fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, in his hands, any exche- ** bef®re quer bill or bills which (hall have been iflued as aforefaid by vir- APnl6>l77V tue of this a <ft; nor (hall any action be maintained againft any A6Hon not to fuch receiver or collector, for neglecting or refufing to exchange he *or fuch any fuch bill or bills for ready money before the faid fixth day re u‘ •" of April; any thing in the faid a& made in this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. An act for continuing and granting Co bis MajeJij certain duties upon malty mums cyder, and perry y for the fervid of the year one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-two> or this aCt, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid. Money fo That all fuch loans or exchequer bills, together with the inter- raifed tobc eft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending thextpar-fame, lhall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, liamentary and lhall be repaid or borne by or out of the firft aids or fup- aid 1

plies which (hall be granted in the next feflion of parliament; and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofe (hall not £ railtSbe-be granted before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hun- fore July 5, dred and feventy-three, then all the faid loans or exchequer bills, 1773, with the intereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or at- to be charged tending the fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged and charge- ?nAhe able upon fuch monies as, at any time or times at or after the u faid fifth day of July, (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the furplufles, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues compofing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund,

(except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any a£t or a&s of parliament in that behalf;) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be iflued and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difeharging fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpedive proprietors thereof.

V.	Provided always, and be it enafled by the authority aforefaid , That whatever mofties (ball be fo iflfued out of the laid fur-

92	Anno	duodecimo	Geokgii	III.	C.	40,-42*	(1771.

Monitt (b if- plufles, excefles, overplus monies, or other revenues competing placccTou/of *kc	fundt <h*H> from time to time, be replaced by and

the firft fup^ out of the fifft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament; plies.	any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Bank of Eng- VI. And be it declared and further ena&ed by the authority rtfcd u>*ad- af°refaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and . vancc the (ltd company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Ma-fum on the jefty in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of this credit of loan granted by this ad, any fum or fums of money, *	not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million eight hun-

dred thoufand pounds; any thing in an ad made in the fifth and Axth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mar^ Ad 5 & 6 intituled. An ad for granting to their MajeJIUs feveral rates and k~ •&ha!a,lac ties upon tonnage of Jbips and veffels; and upon beer, ale, and ether *“ ' liquors; for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the fed ail mentioned, to fucb per font as jball voluntarily advance the fum if m	one million five hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war

ogainfl France \ to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

C A P. XL.

Ao ad for amending and rendering more efivdual an ad, made in tie tenth year of his Maiefly’s reign, intituled. An ad for building a net parith church, and declaring the prefent paxifh church a chapel; for making a ccemetery or church-yard) and for building an houfe for die ufe of the minifter of the parifh of Saint Maty Ip Bone, in the county cf Middkfe*.

CAP. XLI.

An ad to building a bridge ow the river Thames, near the tow if Maidenhead, in the county of Berks.

' r

Preamble.

CAP. XLII.

\A»	a3 for /titling and determning what parts of the

of	tbt Savoy,	in the county of Middlesex, Jball be under

the	furveyof tbt eourt of exchequer, and what parts there-

of under the furvey of the i of Lancafter.

WHEREAS within the liberty tf the Savoy, parol of tU pojfejfions tf the duchy tf Lancafter, in the aunty of Mid-djefex, there if a attain place or piece of , formerly the fdu of the manor of the Savoy, and now commonly blown by the noon of The prccind of the Savoy, being heretofore parcel of the pofftjftm of the faid duchy :And whereas by certain letters , feal of the faid duchy of Lancafter, bearing date the third ioj of in the fecond year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, tie faid King granted and confirmed the faid place or piece of ground, the defeription of the feite of the manor of the Savoy, or a certain place or piece of ground called The Savoy, parcel of the duchy s/Lan-cafter, lying in the parijbes of Saint Clement Danes, without tk bars of the New Temple, London, and the Blefled Mary le Strand, in the county of Middlefex, abutting as therein is mentioned) vto the executors of the will of King Henry the Seventh, their heirs♦ onl offigns, for ever, to thq intent they might ered, found, and ffliMJh*

rbs/fiul

93

i 772.] Anno duodecitno Georgii III. c.42.

?&fpital thereon: And whereas an bofpital was, in purfuance thereof% afterwards eretfedy founded\ and efiablifbei on the faid place or piece ground\ which afterwards became vefitd in the tnajler and perpetual chaplains of the bofpital of the Savoy : And whereas upon a vi~

11	ration of the laid bofpital, by fir Nathan Wright, lord keeper of the great feal of England, on or about the thirty firfi day of July, one eboufandfeven hundred and two9 the faid lord keeper declared toe faid bofpital to be dijfohedy and certified the fame unto the then lord high treafurer of England, and the barons of the exchequer, and thereupon the faid place or piece of ground was duly put in charge for the benefit of the trown: And whereas a doubt hath arifen in point of law9 whe* ther the faid place or piece of ground9 upon the dtjfolution of the find bofpitaly efchcated to her then majefiy Ijpueen Anne, in right of her crown of England, or whether the fame reverted to her faid Majefiy as parcel of the duchy of Lancafter, whereby it is uncertain in what manner leafes and grants thereof ought to be made, and the revenues fued for9 and collid'd-9 and whilfi fucb doubt remains9 the premifes cannot be improved fo as to yield the advantage thefame are capable of: jlnd whereas by permijfion of his Majefiy or bis predeceffors9 kings of £ngland, there have been built and created in and upon the faid place er piece of ground certain chttrcbes9 called The High German Church, and The Low German Church, and convenient church• yards or burying-grounds have been indofed adjoining or contiguous thereto nfptflmly; and there are alfo now Jianding upon the faid place or piece of ground certain builiings9 now ufed as barracks for fol~ dears9 and as prifons and futtling-bovfcy belonging to and for the ufe qf the find barracks \ and alfo two dwelling-houfes adjoining or contiguous to the faid barracks9 which are ufually inhabited by certain of the officers of the army having command of the foldiers refiding in toe faid barracks: And whertaSyfor obviating and removing the faid doubt and inamtenienqeSy bis Majefiy is minded that the aforefaid churthety cburch-yardsy bartacksy priJonSy futtling-boujiy and dwelling-beufeSy with the feites thereof \ Jbeil be from henceforth dernedy takeny and adjudged to bt9 parcel of the poffeffions of the crown of this rtalm9 and ms fucb be under the furvey% rule% order9 and government, of the court ofexchequers and that all the reft and rtfidue of the faid place or pita of gronniy with all the buildings thereonyfbaU be united and annexed to the duchy of LancaHer; his MajeHy is therefore pleafed and contented that it may be enaded, ordained, and eftablifbed; and be it cnaAcd, ordained, and eftabliflied, by the King’s moil excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirittaal _ b .... and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem- Cburch-yar§i, bled, and by the authority of the fame. That our fovereign lord burying- * the King (hall from henceforth have, hold, poflefs, and enjoy to grounds, barium, bis heirs, and fucceflors for ever, in right of his crown, all ra<*?»&c* UP* tnofe two feveral churches called The High German Churchy and The Low German Churchy iituate, Handing, and being within and savoy, to be upon the laid place or piece of ground, called The prccinQ of the enjoyed by Savofy in the county of MiddlefeXy together with the church* yards and burying-grounds to the fame churches adjoining and ^r\ghtoi bis belonging 5 and alfo all thofe buildings Handing and being with- crowu *

with all the duelling

ng	__________________ __________ ________^___________

houfes ntuate yfo priory, and ufually occupied and enjoyed by fuch of the of-Fnary/ ficers of the army as have the command of the foldiers in the faid barracks, for the time being; and alfo all the feites, ground, and foil, whereon the faid churches, barracks, prifons, Tattling-houfe, and dweliing-houfes refpe&ively Hand, and the foil of the faid church-yards and burying-grounds refpe&iyely, together with all ways, paths, and paflages, to and from the fame pre-mifes refpedtively; and that all and lingular the lame churches, church-yards, burying-grounds, barracks, prifons, futtling-houfe, and dweliing-houfes, and the feites, . ground, and ioii thereof, (hall, by authority and force of this alt, be from henceforth for ever in the order, furvey, and governance, of our faid fovereign lord the King’s court of exchequer, and of the chancellor, officers, and minilters of the fame; and all the farms, iiTues, rents, and arrears of rent, revenues, and profits, coming and growing of, or which have grown and are now due for the premifes, and every part thereof, (hall be ordered, taken, received, and anfwered, by the fame chancellor, minifters, and officers, of the fame court, in fuch and like mariner and form as the farms, iffues, rents, revenues, and profits, of other the hereditaments, and pofleflions of the crown, within the furvey, rule, order, and governance, of the King’s court of exchequer, and the chancellor, officers, and minifters of the fame court, have been or ought to be ordered, taken, received, and anfwered.

The prerin& II. And be it further enalted, That all the reft and refidue of of the Savoy the faid place or piece of ground, called The precinff tf the Savvy, an^x^dtothc	thereof,	and	all	mefluages,	houfes, and buildings

duchyCof Lan- whatfoever thereon, with all and every their appurtenances, . carter.	(hall be, and the fame are, by the authority and force of this

alt, from henceforth for ever, united and annexed unto the % duchy of Lancajler, and (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken for ever, for and as parcels and members of the faid duchy of Lancafter, and (hall be of the fame nature, quality, kind, and condition, to all intents, conftrultions, and purpofes, as others the ancient pofleflions of the faid duchy (lying out of the county palatine of Lancafter,) be, and ought to be, and (hall be, in the letting, fetting, order, rule, furvey, receipt, and governance, of the chancellor, council, and officers of the faid duchy of Lancafter, for the time being, for evermore, in like and the fame manner and form, to all intents and purpofes, as others the faid ancient pofleflions belonging to the (aid duchy, (lying out of the faid county palatine,) be, have been, or ought to be; and that all and Angular the faid mefluages, houfes, buildings, and ground, united and annexed to the faid duchy of Lancafter, by authority and force of this all, and all apd Angular grants, leafes, and letters patent thereof, or of any part«thereof, hereafter tp be made by the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors,

(hail,

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.42.	[1772*

in and upon the faid precinlt, now ufed and employed as barracks for foldiers, and as prifons and futtling-houfe, belonging to the faid barracks; and alfo all thofe two dweliing-houfes, (i-tuate within and upon the faid precinlt, near unto a place called

1772*1 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 42.	95

fhall, for evermore, pafs and be made under the feal of the faid duchy, and not under any other feal, or otberwife, and with the like and the fame livery and feifin, attornments, ceremonies, or* ders, and circumftances in the law, and in the fame manner and form, as other the ancient pofleffions of the faid duchy, and the grants, leafes, and letters patent thereof, heretofore of ancient time made, have ufed and ought to be made and pafled, and not other wife, nor m any other manner or form; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That nothing here- Nothing herein contained, fhall extend to abate or affedt any adtion, infer- “ abatVanv mation, bill, fuit, or other proceeding, already brought or com- actions, see. xnenced by or on the behalf of his Majesty, in any of the courts commenced of law or equity, againft any perfon or perfons for die recovery o? behalf of of the pofteffion of the premifes contained or mentioned in this

a<5fr, or any part thereof, or for the mefne rents and profits there- o7pSfeffioiJ of, or any part thereof, but that the fame adtions, informations, or for the * bills, fuits, and other proceedings, fhall and may be profecuted mefne rents, „ and carried on in fuch and the fame manner, and with the fame &c# validity and effedt, as if this adt had not been made.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted. That in every a&ion,In a.n? *nf°r-

Information, bill, or fair, brought or commenced, or to	Sail

brought or commenced, for the purpoies afore fa id, it fhall be be /ufficient fufficieqt for his Majesty to make due proof of a title to the for birMa-premifes in queftion, either in right of his crown, or as parcel Prove of his duchy of Lancajler-, and that all and every judgement and ™orifes. decree already had, or to be had, obtained, and pronounced p therein refpedtivelv, and every execution thereupon, (hall be available, and (hall be and remain in full force and effect.

V.	Provided alfo. That in every fuch adtion, information. Proof of a bill, or fuir, it (hall be fufficient for the defendant or defendants J*tle derived to make due proof of a title to the premifes in queftion, derived Jhall from or under his Majesty, or any of his royal predeceflors, either for defend- * in right of his crown, or as parcel of his faid duchy of Lancajler, ants, be an and that every fuch title (hall be deemed, taken, and adjudged effe&ual bar to be, an available, fufficient, and effectual bar againft his Ma- Mainly.1* jefty, his heirs, and fucceflors; any law, ftatute, or ufage, or any

thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	Andy to the end and intent the premifes may belaid out to the His Majefty greater advantage, and may thereby be improved to their utmoft va~ may, from lufy be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That our faid fovc- t5"*c10 time* reign lord the King, his heirs and fucceflors, may, from time to *®*^*JJe time hereafter, at his and their liberties and pleafures, by letters premiles, patent, to be fealed with the (eal of the duchy of Lancafter, limit,

affign, and appoint, any part or parts of the premifes, which by force of this adt are annexed and united to the faid duchy, unto the furvey, rule, older, governance, jurifdidtion, letting, and felting of his Majesty’s court of exchequer, and the chancellor, officers, and minifters of the fame epurt, and the premifes to be fo limited, afligned, and appointed, by force of any fuch letters patent, (hall, from the tefte of the faid letters patent, be fevered

form

, $6	Anno	duodecimo	Geokgu III. C. 42.	[1772.

from the faid duchy, and Audi from thenceforth be and remain in the ferny, rule, order, governance, juriididion, letting, fett-'	ing,	and receipt, of the fame court of exchequer, and the chan-

cellor, officers, and minifters of the feme; and all the farms iffiies, rents, revenues, and profits of the premtfcs, lb to be limited, affiened, and appointed, (hall be ordered, taken, received, and anfwcred by the fame chancellor, minifters, and officers of the fame court of exchequer, in fuch and in like manner, and form, and to and for fuch ufes, intents, and purpofet, as the farms, iflues, rents, revenues, and profits, coming and growing by, or out of other the lands and hereditaments, being the ancient pofleffions of the crown, within the order, fumy, and governance of the fame court of exchequer, and the chancellor, officers, and minifters of the fame have been, or ooght to be ordered, takeo, received, and anfwcred; and that our nid fovereign lord the King, his heirs sod fucceflbrs, may alfo, from t'raao to time hereafter, at his and their liberties and plcafures, by lutes patent, to be fealed with the great leal, unite, annex, limit, affign, and appoint onto the find duchy of	, any part or pans

of the premifes, which, by force of this a&, are put under the order, furvey, and governance of the court of exchequer, and the chancellor, officers, and minifters of the fame; and that all ami every the premifes, which fhall happen to be united and Mooted to the (aid duchy, by force of any fuch letters patent, (hall be, from the teftc of the faid letters patent, within the order, furvey, rule, governance, jurifdidion, letting, and fetting of the chancellor, council, and officers of the feid duchy of , for the time being, as others the pofle(lions of the faid duchv of Lancajltr, lying and being out of the faid county palatine Of • after,have, u(ed, and ought to be, and that as well all and every fiich limiting, affignnsent, and appointment made, or tube made by our faid fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceflbrs, of , any of the premifes, unto the court of exchequer, and the chsn-cellor, officers, and minifters of the fame, by any letters patent; under the leal of die faid duchy, as alfo all and every fetch an-. nexing, limiting, alignment, and appointment, to be made by his 'Maiefty, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, of any the premifes unto the faid duchy of Lancajltr, by any letters patent under the grea fcal, (hall be as good and available as if done by authority of parliament.

Saving an Vll. Saving to all and every perlbn and- perfons, bodies po-&c. brick and corporate, and to their heirs, fuceeflors, and afligns, which thev ***”* t0 **ie *,e’re> fucceflbrs, and afligns of every of them, ill had previous &ch right, title, intereft, pofleffions, leafe and leafes, rents, proto the palling fits, eafements, addons, fuits, and demands whatfoever, which hereof. they or assy of them fhould, might, or ought to have had, in, to, or out of any. of the premifes before tbe^naking of this ad, and not herein or hereby expreflly taken away, altered, or a-bridged, in like aind the fame manner, form, and condition, to aU intents, coaftru&ions, and purposes, as if this atS had never been made,

. 1	Cap.

J772*} Anno duodecimo Gsoroii III. c.43.	$7

CAP. XLlIL An act for vefting Ely Houfe, in Holbourn, in bis Ma-jefty* his blurs and fucceffors* and for applying the pur-chafe-money* with another fum therein mentioned* in the pur chafing of a freehold piece of ground in Dover Street, and in the building and fitting up another boufe thereon, for the future refidentc of the bijbops of Ely, and the fur-	•	.

plus to the benefit of the fee * and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the right reverend Edmund lord bt/bop of Ely Preamble, is feifed* in the right of bis fee* of a capital manfion-bouje called Ely Houfe, fituate in Holbourn, in the county of Middlefex, and the Jcite thereof: and whereas* fence the death of the right reve* rend Matthias, late lordbifbop of Ely, his lorijbifrs immediate pre-deqeffor* an account hath lien adjufeed between the representatives of the faid Matthias and the faid Edmund, now lord bt/bop of Ely, of the dilapidations incurred on the faid manfion-boufe; and the fame having been eftimated at three thoufand pounds* that fum bath been fecund to the faid Edmund, now lord bijhop of Ely, by bond* bearing date the eighteenth day of November, one thoufand/even hundred and feventy-one* from Charles Wager Purvis efquire* fence deceafed* payable as therein mentioned: and whereas upon a proper purvey lately made of the fend boufe* and offices thereto belonging* it appears that the fame are* from length of time* and other caufes* become fo decayed* that it hath been advtfed*w by experienced workmen* to rebuild »rather than attempt the repair thereof: And whereas thereupon* and as no fuffecient fund offered for rebuilding* an agreement hath been made and reduced into writing between the right honourable the lords commiffioners of bis Majefefs treafury* and the faid Edmund, now lord bijhop of Ely, bearing date the twenty fevonth day of January, one thoufand [even hundred and feventy-two •* whereby* af ter reciting,

(among ft other things)* that it had been reprefented to their lordjbips that the piece of ground whereon the faid houfe flood might be rendered of confederate advantage to the publick, tfe the fame could be procured* tn order thereon to erefl publick offices ; and that the faid Edmund lord bijhop of Ely, being feifed and poffeffed* in right of bis fee* of the faid ground and houfe thereon, was ready and willing* fo far as in him lay* to difpofe of the fame for the benefit of the publick* upon a full and adequate compenfation being made to him and his feuc* ceffbrs* and the faid fee of Ely, in lieu thereof; and that their lord-fhips were defirous the fame might be purebafed for the fervice of tha publick* and that the faid lord bijhop of Ely, and his fucceffors* and the faid fee of Ely, might* out of the publick money* receive a rea-finable confederation fir the fame: and further reciting* that* upon a treaty between their lord/bips and the faid Edmund, now lord bijhop of Ely, and upon proper furveys taken* and calculations made thereon* it had appeared and been agreed on* that a clear fum of fix thoufand five hundred pounds, and a clear annuity of two hundred pounds* for ever, would be a full price and adequate confederation fir fuch Vou XXX.	H	piece

Anno duodecimo Geokou HI. c.4}.	{1772*

piece rf ground and houfe thereon halt; but that fitch treaty end a* grcement could not he effectually efiablifiutd and carried into execution without the authority of parliament* it was mtueffed* and the find Edmund lordbijbop of Ely agreed and undertook that he would, tenth all convenient Jptei* fo far as in bis power lay* at bis awn expesue* , procure an a& of parliament to he puffed for the purpole of carrying the find treaty into immediate execution* and of giving toe /aid lord bcjbop of Ely, and his fucccffors* proper powers to convey fucb piece of ground* and the houfe and buildings thereon erected* to finch perfims* and for fuch ufes* as Jbould he United by the lords commijjtoners of the treajury for that purpofe ; in which aCt of parliament were to he contained proper claufes for [tearing to the faid lord bijhop of Ely, or his fitcceffors* the faid Jim of fix tboufandfive hundred pounds* deer tf all deductions and outgoings* to bepaid on the execution of the pm- I chafe deeds of the faid premifes* in fitch manner as the jaida& Jbotdd I direct; and alfo for fecuring the faid annuity of two hundred pounds* . the produce of winch Jbotdd be paid to the fetid lord bifbop of Ely, and I . his fucceffors* from time to time* as part of* the revenues of Use faid bijbopritk* injuch manner* and under fitch directions* as by the faid ait of parliament Jbould be provided; and alfo that in cafe the faid lord bijhop cfiAy Jbould ebufe to have a furtherfiem of money advanced m lieu of the faid annuity* or any part thereof* that then there Jbould he paid ta him* or other proper perfons to he named in the feud ad? a fitm of money in lieu of the faid annuity* or of part thereof* at tht election of the find lord bijhop of Ely, after the rate of thirty years purchafe: and whereas fince the faid agreement a certain ffeebii piece of ground hath been offered to the faid Edmund lord bijhop of' Ely, late belonging to the right honourable William lord vifiount Chetwynd, in the kingdom of Ireland, deceafid* fituate ;* Jjover Street, in the parijhes of Saint James and Saint Martin in the Fields,, or one of them* tn the county i/'Middlelex, as a proper and commodious fpot whereon to creQ a juitable manfim-boufeffcr tht future reftdence of the faid lord bijhop of Ely, and bis fucceffors* tht bijhops of Ely, in the room of the faid ancient manjion-bouje in Hol-\ bourn, and an agreement bath been entered into between the fetid lord bijhop c/Ely and Lucy Chetwynd and Efther Chetwynd, thepre-fient owners of the jaid piece of ground* and the ancient houfe and buildings thereon erected in Dover Street aforefaid* for the purchafe ef the faid lajl mentioned piece of ground* and the )houfa and buildings thereon* at the price or Jum of five tboufand fix hundred pounds* [part of the before-mentioned fum of fix tboufand five hundred pounds)* fob-yeCt to the yearly fum of eighteen pounds for ever* payable out of pan of the premifes* to the right honourable the lord Berkely Stratton, bis heirs and afftgns (which lafi-mentioned purchafe* never theUj)* is to take effect only in cafe the faid prior agreement with the lords cm-miffsoners of tho treajury Jhall be ejtablijbei and effectuated by parliament) ; and if fucb purchafe Jhall take place* it hath been propofed to pull down the old houfe and buildings now ftanding on the faid pita of ground in Dover Street, and injlead thereof to ereCt fuch manfm-. loufe as aforefaid* and to apply the faid fum of three tboufand pounds to pe received by the faid Edmund, now lord bijbopjfltiy* for dik-

pidatmx



f772*] Anno duodecimo GeoRGIi III. c* 43;

pidatimsy and the whole, or a fufficient part of the confideration to hi paid by the lords commiffioners of the treafury, (agreeably to the lati•* tude given by the aforejaid contract )y for the purpofe of building and fitting vp the fame for habitation, and the fitrphis (tf anyJball remain) for thebenefit of the feey infuch manner, and under fuch rtftri&ions, a* to the wsfdm of parliament Jball appear reajonable: and whereas the rents referved in and by feveral of the leafes granted by the bi/hops of Ely, in right of the faid fee, are made in the faid manfion houfe in Holbourn, and it bath been ufual for the bifhop of Ely for the ■ time being to hear and determine appeals from feveral colleges in the weniverfity of Cambridge, as vifitor thereof at his faid houfe in Holbourn, and to cite all parties concerned in fuch appeals to appear at the faid houfe \ but it wilt be proper, upon the alienation of the faid Iq/l~ mentioned houfe, to transfer the payment of fuch referued rents, find exercife of fuch appellate jurifdifiion> to fuch new manfton-houfe, to be trebled for the future refidence of the bijhops of the faid feey when the fame Jball be fo trebled, and in the mean time to provide feme other proper place or refort for the faid feveral purpofes: and whereas ihe 'effetlslating and accomplijbing the faid agreement with the lords commiffioners of the treafury will be of great advantage to the publicity and the feveralpurpofes purpoftd to be anfwered in confer quence thereof will be no lefs beneficial to the fee ofYAy; yet foraf* much as the fame cannot be carried into execution without the aid end authority of parliament5 therefore may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaCted \ tfnd be it enaCted by the King’s mod excel* lent majefty, by and with the advice arid confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal', and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That (from and immediately after the payment into the bank of England by his Majesty, his heirs 'of (ucteffors, in the names of the faid Emund lord bifhop of £/?, and of Owen Satujbury Breretm of Sbotwuk Parky in the county palatine of Chejler, efquire, and Thomas Hunt of Mollington, in the faid county, efquire, truftees hereby appointed in that behalf, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, of the full fum of fix thoufand five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all taxes, impofitions, fees, rewards, and other deductions, on or before the eleventh day of June, which will be in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, in part of fatisfaCtion and com-penfation for the purchase-money of the prefent houfe called Ely Houfe, and feite thereof, fituate in Holbourny herein-after mentioned and deferibed, to be by them the faid Edmund lord bifhop of Ely, and Oiven Salujbury Breretony and Thomas Hunt* or the furvivors or furVivor of them, and the executors and ad-miniftrators of fuch furvivor, paid, applied, and difpofed of, to and for the ufes, intents, and purpofes herein-after declared and enacted concerning the fame) all that houfe called Ely Houfty fituate in Holboum, in the county of MiddlefeXy and all that and thofe the chapel, coach-houfcs, ftables, and other offices^ gardens, and yard thereto belonging, with all the rights, member#, privileges, immunities, exemptions, ways, paths, paf-

H 2	fages.

too	Anno	duodecimo GeofcGji HI. C.43.	[1772:

figes, cafements, commodities, emoluments, advantages, and appurtenances to the laid houfe and premifes, or any part there* of, had ufually held and enjoyed therewith, (lave and except hereout all the ancient wall and fences, which circumfcribe the feveral mefluaees or tenements now held by the right honourable I Jnthony earl of Shaftflmry, under a leafe from the late lord bifhop of Ely, with free liberty of ingrefs and egrefs, to repair or rebuild the faid walls, and without prejudice to all lights neceflary i to the faid mefluages or tenement, or fuch other buildings as j may hereafter be ere&ed on the fcite of the laid premiles,) (hall be, and be deemed to be, and are hereby declared to be, veiled in and annexed to the imperial crown of this realm, and (hall be and remain for ever unalienable from the fame; and his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, in the imperial crown of this realm, lhall for ever have, hold, and enjoy the lame againft the faid Edmund lord bilhop of Ely, and all and every perfon and perfons claiming or to claim, from or under or in right of the laid epifcopal fee of Ely, freed and difcharged, and ablhlutely acquitted, exempted, and indemnified of, from, and againft all former grants, charters, tides, eftates, leafes, or other incumbrances whatsoever, made or granted of the faid houfe, fcite, and premifes, or any part thereof, faving unto the faid now lord bilhop of Ely, and his fucceflbrs, bimops of the laid fee of Ely, all other the lawful privileges, royalties, franchifcs, and jurifdiftions, which of right do belong and appertain to bio and them in right of the laid bifhoprick, to be had, ufed, ex-ercifed, and enjoyed, except in and upon the premiles hereby alienated, or any part thereof, or within the bounds or circuits of the fame.

Receipt of	II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforelaid,

be* Cfd&dent That the receipt or receipts of the proper clerk or cafhier, clerks difcharge. * or calhiers, of the governor and company of the bank of England, under his or their hand or hands rcfpedHvely, teftifying the payment of the faid Aim of fix thoufand five hundred pounds, or any part thereof, by the lords commifiioners of the treafury,

‘ or the lord high treafurer for the time being, or fuch perfons or perfon as he or they, or any three of them, lhall order and direct to pay the fame into the bank of England, in the names of the faid Edmund lord bilhop of Ely, and Owen Sahtjhery Brer etui, and Thomas Hunt, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, (hall be a fufficient and full difeharge to his Majesty, his heirs 4nd fucceflbrs, or fuch other perfons* or perfon fo paying the feme, their, his, or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, of and for the faid fum of fix thoufand five hundred pounds, and every part thereof, or fo much thereof as fuch receipt or receipts thaJl be given for \ and that his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and all and every fuch other perfons and perfon as aforefaid, upon and after fuen receipt or receipts given as aforefaid, lhall be ab-folutely acquitted and difcharged of and from the faid fum of fix thoufand five hundred pounds, and every part thereof, notwith*

2	Handing

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgn III. 0,43.	iot

(landing any fubfequent lofs, non-application, or mifapplication of the fame, or any part thereof.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, How compen-

Tliat in additional fatisfadion, and in full compenfation of and f«wn fliall be for the faid houfe and fcite thereof, and other the premifes fo	€

vetted in- and annexed to the crown as aforefaid, there, fhall be F

paid to the faid lord bifhop of Ely, and his fucceffors, for ever, as part of the revenues of the faid bittioprick, and to be applied and dipofed of as herein-after mentioned, one annuity or yearly fum of two hundred pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, free and. clear of all parliamentary or other taxes, payments, fees, charges, and deductions whatfoever, payable by even and equal half yearly payments, on the eleventh day of June and the eleventh day or December, in every year; the firft of fuch half-yearly payments to be made on the eleventh day of Decmbery which will be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fcven hundred and feventy-two, and now next enfuing ; and the faid annuity or yearly fum of two hundred pounds, lawful money a-forefaid, fhall be fo paid and payable to the faid lord bifhop of Ely, and his fucceflors refpeCtively, for the time being, in manner aforefaid, by the refpedive receivers-general of the duties or revenues of the feveral offices that fhall hereafiftt be eftabtifhed and appointed*to be held within the fcite ofi the faid houfe, and other the premifes refpotti 'ely, and at fuch offices refpeCUvely, * from and after the fame (hall be fo ettablifhed and held, in fuch manner, and in fuch proportions, as the lords commiffionefs of his Majesty’s treafufy fot the time being, or any three of them, or the lord high tre*furer for the time being, (hall, from time to time, direCi; and in the mean time, and until fuch offices fhall be fo ettablifhed and held as aforefaid, by the receiver-general of the duties on fait for the time being, and at the prefent or future office for the time being of the faid receiver,

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That on payment of the faid Receipt* of annuity or yearly fum of two hundred pounds, or any part bifhop of thereof, to the faid lord bifhop of Ely, or his fucceffors, the re- fic£" ceipts of the faid lord bilhop, or of his fucceflbrs, fhall be good charge*, and fufficient difcharges to luch receivers-general or receiver-general for the time being, or tb the perfon or perfons who fhall

pay the whole, or any part thereof refpeCtively, for tfie fum or fums of money expreued in fuch receipts; and the fame fhall be allowed fuch receivers-general or receiver-general on patting their or his accounts or account; and in cafe the faid annuity, or any part thereof, (hall be behind and unpaid by the fpace of forty days next over or after any of the faid days on which the fapip fhall become due and payable, after having been lawfully demanded at the office or offices aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Edmund lord bifhop of J£1y7 and his fucceffors, bifhops of Ely for the time being, to bring an adtion at law for recovery of the money from time to time to accrue and become due, and in anrear thereon, in his Majetty's court

H 3	Of

the premifet, to be paid by the bifhop of Ely within fmpathsj

rot	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	III.	c.43.	[*772-

of exchequer at JV^lminfter^ againft the receivers-general refpec* lively of the feveral duties or revenues, which (ball arife from the refpe&ive offices to be fo eftablifoed and held as aforefaid, from and after the fame (hall be fo eftablifoed and held, in fuch proportions as (hall be directed for payment thereof as aforefaid, and in the mean time, and until fuch offices (hall be to efiab-' lifted and held as aforefaid, againft the receiver~general of the duties on fait for the time being; in which a&ion noefloin, wager of law, or protection, (hall be allowed; and in cafe the plaintiff (hall recover in fuch aftion, he (hall be intitled to full cofts.

The	v. And be it further enabled by the authority aforelaid. That

dationianfen t*iat t*lc	*rcc	thoufand pounds, lawful money a-

ln reipeft of forefaid, being the amount adjufted as aforefaid of the dilapidations arifen in refpetft of the faid houfe and feite thereof, and other the premifes fo veiled in and annexed to the crown as a* forefaid, (hall within the (pace of fix months, to be computed from the day of palling this adt, be paid over by the faid lord bifhop of Efy that now is, his executors or admihiftrators, in cafe he or they (hall then have received the fame; or if the fame (hall not have been fo received as aforefaid, that then the fecu-rity fo taken for the (aid fum of three thoufand pounds, by bond, fes aforefaid, fo far forth as refpedts the faid fum of three thoufand pounds, (hall be affigned and transferred by the faid lord bifoop of Ely, his executors or adminiftrators, in due form of law, unto the faid Owen Salujbury Brtreton and Thomas Hunt, their heirs and affigns, upon the feveral crufts, neverthelefs, and to and for the feveral intents and purpofes herein-after expreffed and declared concerning the feme; and that the receipt pr receipts of the faid Owen Salujbury Brertton and Thomas Hunt, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, or the heirs or affigns of fuch fur* vivor, under their, his, or her hands or hand refpedlively, tefti-fying the payment of the faid fum of three thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, by the faid lord bifhop of Efy> his executors pr adminiftrators, (hall be a good and effectual difeharge to the faid lord bifoop of Ely*, his executors or adminiftrators, or the perfons or perfon fo paying the fame, their or his executors or adminiftrators, of and for the faid fum of three thoufand pounds, and every part thereof, or fo much thereof a$ (hall be fpecified in fuch reoeipt or receipts: and in cafe the faid fum of three thoufand pounds, and every part thereof, foall not have been, fa received by the faid lord bifhop of Elyt his executors or adminiftrators,* within the faid fpace of fix months, to be computed from the paffing of this a & as aforefaid, and thereupon the fame (hall be fo affigned*$nd transferred by the faid lord bilhop of Ely, his executors or adminiftrators, to the foid Owen Salujbury Brereton and Thomas Hunt, their heirs and affigns, in manner and form aforefaid; that then, and front thenceforth, and from and after fuch alignment and transfer (hall be fo madc^pf the faid bond as aforefaid, the faid lord bifoop of Ely, b>* fcxpCOtofS and adminiftrators, and every of tjicm, fivftl ft and $nd be for ever

there*

*77*3 Anno duodecimo GeoRGII in. c. 43;	>03

thereafter acquitted and discharged of and from the faid fum of three thotsfend pounds, and every part thereof; any thing here* in contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VI.	And be tt further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Mefluagesto That all that mefluage or houfe now built and (landing upon he fettled up-part of the ground and foil whereon a capital mefluage or man- ??J*be loI'1, fion-houfe, with the appurtenances, formerly called Clarendon jjj Corapen-Houfe y and afterwards called Albemarle Houfe y did formerly (land, ration, or on ground to the faid late capital mefluage belonging, fituate, and being, in the parithes of Saint James or Saint Martin in the FieldSy or one of them, in the county of Middlefex, in a certain ftreet there, formerly called Clarendon Street y and now called Dover Streety on the weft fide thereof, between the faid ftreet on the eaft, and the garden no\V ufed with the faid mefluage or houfe, but formerly part of the garden heretofore belonging to, or ufed with, a capital mefluage or manfion- houfe called Berkeley Houfey on the weft; and the mefluage or houfe formerly in the pofleflion of the late earl of Carbery on the north, and a mefluage or houfe formerly in the pofleflion of the late lord vifeount Dun-bary on the fouth; the which faid mefluage or houfe doth contain in the front, next the ftreet, from north to fouth, thirty-fix feet of aflize, little more or lefs, and in the depth from eaft to weft, with part of the garden therewith ufed, eighty (bet of affixe, little more or lets; and alfo all that piece or parcel Of ground formerly belonging to and part of the garden heretofore belonging to, or ufed with, the afore-mentioned capital mefluage or manfion-houfe, called Berkeley Houfey lying and being in the faid parifhes of Saint James and Saint Martin in the Fields a-fore-mentioned, or in one of the faid parifhes, in the faid county of MiddlefeXy and between a certain ftreet there called Berkeley Streety on the weft, and the mefluage or houfe herein-before mentioned, fituate in Dover Street aforefaid, on the eaft, and the ground formerly of Chrijiian lady Berkeley, and John lord Berkeley, deceafed, formerly granted to the moft noble Charles duke of Shrewfburjy and formerly in the tenure of the faid late vifeount Dunbary on the fouth \ and on the ground formerly in the pofleflion of the faid earl of Carbery on the north; and the which faid piece or parcel of ground containelh in breadth thirty* fix feet, or thereabouts, and in lengtlj, on the fouth fide, one hundred and fourteen feet or thereabouts, and in length* on the north fide, one hundred and fixteen feet or (hereabouts ; and the greateft part of which faid piece or parcel of ground is ufed as a garden to the faid qnefluage of houfe afore-mentioned j all which faid parcels of ground, mefluage, or houfe and pre-miles, were formerly in the pofleflion of the lady dowager Falk-landy fince of John Egerton efquire, and late of the faid fPtlUam lord vifeount Chetwyndy deceafed, and all ways, paths, paflages, vaults, cellars, folars, lights, cafements, profits, commodities, and appurtenances whatfoever, to the faid mefluage or houfe, piece or parcel of garden ground and premtfea herein-before •mentioned, belonging or in anywife appertaining, or therewith

H 4	ufually

104

Anno duodecimo Gzorgii IIL c.43; [n 772.

ufualty held, occupied, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, or known as part, parcel, or member thereof; and the re-verfion and reverfions, remainder and remainders, rents, ifiues, and profits, of all and Angular the laid premifes, and all the eftate, right, title,. interell, ufe, truft, property, claim, and demand whatfoever, of them the faid Lucy Chetwynd and Efibcr Chetwynd, or either of them, of, in, ro, or out of the fame premifes, or any part thereof, (hall, firom and after the feven-tcenth day of June% which will be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, and from and after full payment and fatisfadHon (hall have been made of the before-mentioned fum of five thoufand fix hundred pouods, lawful money of Gnat Britain, and every part thereof, unto the faid Lutj Chetwynd and EJlher Chetwynd, or the furvivor of them, or the executors or adminifirators of fuch furvivor, by and out of foch fund or funds, and by fuch perfon or perfons, and in fucb manner and form a^next herein-after enadled and declared concerning the fame, (in full compcnfation and fatisfadion for the ab-folute purchafe of the fee-fimple and inheritance in pofiefikmof the faid freehold piece of ground, houfe, buildings, and other the premifes laft mentioned}, be veiled in, and fettled upon, and the fame, and every of them, are hereby from thenceforth, and fuch houfe, buildings, and offices, which (hall at any time thereafter be credited and built upon the faid piece of ground, or any part thereof, purfuant to the provifions of this ad, from and after the fame (hall be fo eredted and built, (hall be vetted in, and fettled upon, the faid Edmund now lord bi(hop of £?, and his fuccefiors, the biftiops of Ely for the time being, as and for the manfion-houfe or ufual place of refidence within the city of Wtjlminjler of the*bi(hop of Ely for the time being, from time to time, and at all times hereafter freed and difcharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and a-gainft all and every claim, right, title, eftate, or demand whatfoever, which they the faid Lucy Chetwynd and EJlher Cbctvqni, or the right honourable William now lord vifcount Chetwynd^ in . {he kingdom of Ireland, as eldtf fon and beir at law of the faid William lord vifcount Chetwynd deceafed, or in any other right whatfoever, or any perfon or perfons claiming, or to claim by, from, or under them, any or either of them, now have or had), pr at any time hereafter can or may have, claim, challenge, Qf demand, in anywife howfoever; fubjedt neverthelefs to, and charged apd chargeable with, the faid yearly rent of eighteen pounds, hereafter to grow due and payable for ever, to the right honourable William lord Berkeley of Stratton^ his heirs andaffigns, put of and for the faid piece or parcel of ground, the mod part yvhereof is now ufed for a garden as aforefaid, being part of the premifes herein-before mentioned, and which was relfrved and jnade payable in and by one indenture of releafe, bearing date tije fecond day of Jum, one thoufand fix hundred andcigfity-tpadc Jpetweeu.fhe right honourable Chrijlian lady Berkeley

*772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C.43.	'icjj

widow, and the right honourable John iord Berkeley of the one part, and Margaret Stafford of the other part.

VII.	Provided always, and be it hereby further enade^ and Nothing here-declared by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this ad in to invaii-contained (hall extend, or be deemed, conftrued, or taken to date^ainden-extend, to merge, extinguifh, invalidate, or impeach a certain

term of one thoufand years, of and in the lad-mentioned piece earlGlarendoa of ground, mefluage, and premifes, or part thereof, originally and vifeount created by one indenture, bearing date the fourth day of Septem- Cornbtny. her9 in the year one thoufand fix hundred and fixty-feven, made, or mentioned to be made, between the right honourable earl of Clarendon and the right honourable Henry lord vifeount Combury, fon and heir apparent of the faid Edward earl of Clarendon, of the one part, and the right honourable Richard then earl of Burlington and Corky and Charles then lord Clifford, his then eldeft fon and . heir-apparent, and Robert Boyle efquire, of the other part; which (aid term of years was afterwards veiled in Henry Poley efquire, fince deccafed, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, in truft, to attend and wait on the reverfion and inhe- . ritance of the faid mefiiiage, ground, and premifes, and the executors, adminiftrators, and afllgns, of the faid Henry Poley* are hereby declared to (land and be poflefled of, and (hall from henceforth Hand and be poflefled of and in the faid mefluage, ground, and premifes, for and during the refidue and remainder of the laid term of one thoufand years, now to come and unexpired, in truft for the faid lords bilhops of Ely* for the time being, their heirs and afiigns, tq the end that the faid term may be kept on foot, and may attend and wait on the freehold and inheritance of the faid premifes, for the better defending and protecting the fame, from and againft all mefne and fublequent incumbrances.

VIII.	And* for declaring the trufts as well of the faid taft-men- How, and to Homed fum of three thoufand pounds, as of the before-mentioned fum what* pur-of fix thoufand Jive hundred pounds, part of the conhderation-money P°fe*» fbe fere -arife by the file of the faid houfe called Ely Houle, and file there- ve^

ofy <tnd other the.premifes thereto belonging, be it further enabled 10 appU

Sy the authority aforefaid. That they the faid Edmund lord

biftiop of Ely* and Owen Salujbury Brereton* and Thomas Hunt,

and the furvivors and furvivor of them, and the heirs and afiigns

of fuch furvivor, (hall and do pay, apply, and difpofe of the (aid

feverai fums of fix thoufand five hundred pounds, and three

thoufand pounds, and each of them, and every part thereof,

when and as the fame (hall be r^fpediveiy received, and as foon

thereafter as conveniently may be, in fuch manner, and for fuch

ends, intents*and purpofes, as are herein-aftcr mentioned; that

is to fay, In the firft plate, in and for the paying and defraying

the charges and expences attending the obtaining and palling of	'

this a<3, and in making eftimates and charge? to workmen and

other expences incurred in fettling the dilapidations on the faid

houfe in fiolbourn^ and the premifes thereto belonging, and in

fur-

Such part of the annuity of aoo h as dial! not be redeemed* (ball remain to the biibop of Ely,

108	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	III.	c. 43.	[1772.

heirs and afEgns of fuch (urvivor, and of the bilhop of Ely for the time being, (hall be a full difcharge to the faid lords com* miflioners of the treafury, or fuch other perfon or perfons who (hall pay the fame, for whatever fum or fums of money (hall be fo paid in redemption of the laid annuity or yearly fum, or any part thereof; and the (aid annuity or yearly fum of two hundred pounds from and after fuch payment, or fo much thereof as (ha!! be (b redeemed as aforefaid, (hall be, and remain from thenceforth extinguilhed, and for ever difcharged j any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithstanding.

" XL Provided moreover, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch part, (hare, and property, and fo much of the faid annuity or yearly fum of two hundred pounds as (hall not be fo redeemed as aforefaid, . and the whok of the fame annuity or yearly fum of two hundred pounds, if no part thereof (hall be fo redeemed, (hall be, remain<and enure unto and to the ufe of the faid lord bilhop of Ely, and his fuc-ceUors, the bifhops of the faid fee, as part of the revenues of the faid fee, in truft, neverthelefs, and for the foie end, intent, and purpofe, and to be appropriated and fet apart, from time to time, in the fil'd place, to pay and difcharge the faid yearly rent of eighteen pounds, fo payable to the faid lord Btrktlty of Stratton, his heirs and affigns, (o lonjf as the fame (hall continue payable, and the refidue thereof to be paid and applied in infuring the faid houfe and offices to be fo built as afore&id in the Sun Firt Office, or other proper publick office, from fire,, to the full value of the money to be expended in building the lime, and in keeping the fame, from time tq time, fo infored, (and which infurance the lords bifhops of the faid fee are hereby required to make, from time to time, and at all times hereafter), and afterwards in making fuch repairs, and other works and improvements in and about the faid houfe, offices, and buildings, to be fo ereded and built as aforefaid, from and after the fame (hall be fq ereded and built, as to the bilhops of Ely for the time being (hall feem expedient and proper, and fubjed thereto, to defray and difcharge, from time to time, fo far u the bxtie will extend for that purpofe, all parliamentary and pa*

. rochial a(Te(Tments, impofitions, taxes, and other charges what-focver to be impofed or afiefTed upon the faid houfe, offices, and buildings, or the occupiers thereof, by authority of parliament, or otherwife, and the furplus thereof, (if any), to and for the ufe and benefit of the faid lord bifhop of Ely, and his fuccef-fors, as part of the revenues of the faid bilhoprick, without any further account to be rendered for the lame.

XII. And be it further enabled. That in cafe there /hall remain any furplus of the before-mentioned fums of fix thouland five hundred pounds, and three thoufand pounds, or either of them, or of the money to arife by the (ale of fuch materials as MeffrsBrere- aforefaid, or any part thereof refpedively, unapplied for the ton and Hunt, purposes before enaded and direded concerning the fame, that

Surplus of all fums mentioned, to remain in the hands of

10£

772.] Anno duodecimo GeorGII III. C.43;

hen, and In fuch cafe, fuch furplus, and every part thereof, hall remain and continue in the hands of the fald Owen Saluf-hiry Breretony and Thomas Hunt, and the furvivor of them, and )f the heirs and afiigns of fuch furvivor, with liberty to inveft the fame, from time to time, in parliamentary fecurities in truft, and to and for the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes, herein lad enaded and declared, touching the faid annuity or yearly fum of two hundred pounds, or fo much thereof as (hall not be redeemed as aforefaid, and to and for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.	4

XIII* And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Houfe and oft. That the faid houfe, offices, and. buildings, to bo fo ereded fiCe$ to be and built in Dover Street afotdaid, lhall, from time to time, erefted in Do-and at all times thereafter, be called and diftinguifhed by the name or appellation of Ely Houfe, and (hall be, and be deem* Houie. * ed and taken as and for the epifcopal houfe of the faid fee of Efyi within the (aid city of JVeJtminflery and (hall be (tiled and called Ely Houfe in all deeds and writings j and that from thenceforth all rents referved in and by any Jeafe or. other writings heretofore granted or made*by any former bifliop of Ely% in right of . the faid fee, which are made payable at the faid manfion-houfe ' in Holbourn^ (hall be paid at the faid houfe to be fo ereded and built, and herein-before directed to be called and (tiled Efy Houfe as aforefaid 5 and that it (ha)l and may alfo from thenceforth be lawful to and for the bithop of Ely for the time being to hear and determine all and all manner'of appeals from, all or.any colleges in the univerfity of Cambridge, of which the (aid biinop is vifitor, or from any member or members thereof, at tho before-mentioned houfe to be fo ereded and built, and galled and Ailed Ely Houfe as aforefaid, in the fame manner in which he may now hear the fame at the faid houfe in Holbourn, and in like manner to cite all and lingular the parties cbncemed in fuch appeals ,to appear thereat, and there to do and perform all fuch other ad, matter, and thing, relating to the vifitorial power, in as fuH and ample manner as any bifhops of Ely have heretofore been ufcd to do and perform the fame at the faid houfe in Holbourn.	. *	_

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the au-thority aforefaid,.That in the mean time, and until fuch new paid tothe houfe, to be fo ereded and built as aforefaid, (hall be completed bifhop at and become inhabited by the bithop of Ely for the time being, Eiy> the faid feveral rents fo referved and made payable as aforefaid,

(hall, from and after the palling of this ad, be paid at the man* fion-houfe of the faid bi(hop of Ely, and his fucceffors, fituate at Elf in Cambridgejbirey or to his or their receiver-general in London, and the feveral vifitorial powers aforefaid ; and all matters and things incident or relating thereto (hall likewife, in the mean-time, be exercifcd, done, and performed, at the dwelling-houfe of the bilhop of Ely for the time being, the fame being Within the cities or London or IFeJlminJler, or at any other place

within

tio

Mefirs Brere-ton and Hunt not to be ac. countable for money received by virtue of the truft* in them repo fed.

AD right and property of the premifes referved to hit Majefty, See,

JPubHck aft.

Anno duodecimo Georgii HI. c: 43.'	[1772;

within die faid clues, or one of them, which fuch bilhop (hall, from time to time, appoint.

XV.	And be it further eroded by the authority afbrefaid. That the. faid Owen Salujbury Brereton and Thomm Hunt (hail not, nor (hall either of them, or the heirs, executors, or admi-niflrators, of either of them, be anfwerable or accountable for any money to be received by virtue of the truft* hereby in them sepofed, or any otherwise than each perfbrt for fuch fum or Runs of money as he (hall refpedively actually receive, and that no one of them (hall be anfwerable or accountable for the ads, neglefts, or defauks of the others, or bfeher of them ; and alio that the faid' feveral truftees, their refpedive heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, (hall and may, by and out of the truft-monies to be by them received as aforeiaid, retain to and reim-borie thcmtelves all eofts, charges, damages, and expences, which they (hall be reipe&ively put onto in and about the execution of the trufts hereby in them refpedively repofed.

XVI.	Saving always to the King’s mod excellent majefty,

his heirs and fucceflors, and to all and every other perfon and peribns, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and foeceflors, (other than and except the hid Edmund lord bi(bop of Ely, and his fucceflors, the lords bi(hops of Elf far the time being, and all perfons claiming, or to claim by, (irom, or under, or in right of the epifeopal fee of Ely; and other than and except the hid Loty	Chetwyndand	EfiberChetwynd, and all and every peribns or

perfon claiming, or to claim by, from, or tinder them, any or either of them, or by, from, ot under the faid WilEam^ late lord vifcount Cbttwynd, detea fed,) all fuch eftatevright, title, iutcreft, benefit, property, pofleflion, claim', and demand whatfbever, either at law or in equity, of, in, to, or out of the (aid feveral jhoufes and buildings thereto refpedtively belonging, and other the pretnifes herein-before refpediveiy mentioned, or any part thereof,'as they, every, or any of them, bad before the patting of this a&, or could or might have had or enjoyed if this ad , had not been made.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That' this a<ft (hail be allowed in all courts whatever as a publick aft ; and ail judges, juftices, and other peribns, are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpccially pleading the fame.

C.AP,

772»3 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 43.	109

ien, and in fuch cafe, fuch furplus, and every part thereof, hall remain and continue in the hands of the faid ury Brereton, and Thomas Hunt,and the furvivor of them, and >f the heirs and a (Tigris of fuch furvivor, with liberty to inveil he fame, from time to time, in parliamentary fecurities in trull, and to and for the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes, herein lad enabled and declared, touching the faid annuity or yearly fum of two hundred pounds, or fo much thereof as (hall not be redeemed as aforefaid, and to and for no other uie, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.	,

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Houfc and ofl.

That the faid houfe, offices, and. buildings, to b» fo eredled ficestobe and built in Dover Street aforefeid, (hall, from time to time, erefted in Do-and at all times thereafter, be called and diftinguiihed by. the y*r J° name or appellation of Ely Houfe, and (hall be, and be deem- Houfe.*	*

ed and taken as and for the epilcopal houfe of the laid fee of

within the faid city of Wejlminfter, and lhall be Ailed and called Ely Houfe in all deeds and writings; and that from thenceforth all rents referved in and by any leafe or.otber writings heretofore granted or made*by any former bifhdp of Ely, in right of . the faid fee, which are made payable at the faid manfion-houfe ' in Holbourn, lhall be paid at the faid houfe to be fo ereded and built, and bereinrbefore directed to be called and Ailed Ely Houfe as aforefaid; and that it Ihajl and may alio from thenceforth be lawful to and for the bilhop of Ely for the time being to hear and determine all and all manner'of appeals from- all or any colleges in the univerfity of Cambridge, of which the faid bilnop is vifitor, or from any member or members thereof, at tho before-mentioned houfe to be fo ended and built, and galled and Ailed Ely Houfe as aforefaid, in the fame manner in which he may now hear the fame at the faid houfe in Holbourn, and in like manner to cite all and lingular the parties concerned in fuch appeals .to appear thereat, and there to do and perform all fuch other ad, matter, and thing, relating to the vifitorial power, in as fuU and ample manner as any bilhops of Ely have heretofore been ufed to do and perform the lame at the faid houfe in Holbourn.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the au-	j*“

thority afofefaid,,That in the meantime, and until fuch new paid to the* houfe, to be fo ereded and built as aforefaid, (hall be completed bifhop at and become inhabited by the bilhop of Ely for the time being, Ely, &c. the faid feveral rents fo referved and made payable as aforefaid,

lhall, from and after the palling of this ad, be paid at the roan-fion-houfe of the faid bilhop of Ely, and his fucceflors, fituate at Ely in	Cambridgejbirt, or to his	or their receiver-general in

London, and the feveral vilitorial powers aforefaid; and all matters and things incident or relating thereto (hall likewife, in the mean-time, be exercifed, done, and performed, at the dwelling-houfe of the bilhop of Ely for the time being, the fame being within the cities 01 London or Ifejlminjler,or at any other place

within

112

Anno duodecimo Georgii 1IL c. 44.	[1772*

Jtf/i Edward Wortley died foon after making bis fetid will,	the

faid James Archibald Stuart, bis grandfon9 (who ts the fecond fen of the faid Mary tVordey, countefs $/*Bute, the faid teflator\s daughter) did thereupon, by virtue of the faid teflator1 s willy become Jeifei of or intitled to> the feud fee farm rent of one hundred and thirteen pounds, granted by the crown to the faid Edward, late earl ^Sandwich, and vefted in the faid Edward Wortley, the teflator y as aforefaidy to him the faid Tames Archibald Stuart, and the heirs of Us body9 or, to the truft thereof: and whereas the faid Godfrey Wentworth, one of the trufiees and devifees named in the faid will of tht faid Edward Wortley, being unwilling to alt in the trufis repofedin him by the faid teflator*s willy did duly releafe or convey to the faid earl Gower and fir Mathew Lamb, the otner trufiees named in the faid willy and to their beirsy all fitch eftatty right, title* and interefiy as were vefted in him under the faid willy upon the feveral trufis mentioned in the faid willy concerning the feveral and refpe&ive eftaus thereby devifedj and the faidfir Mathew Lamb diedfome time of-terwardsy and upon bis death the faid earl Gower became the only furviving truflee% touching the feveral real eflates of the faid teftatery devifed by bis faid will; and be being dejirous to be releafed from the feveral trufis thereby declared and createdy and devolved on bimy he didy pwrfuant to a decree of the high court of chancery % bearing date the Jixtb day of May, one thoufand ftven hundred andfixty-nine made in a caufey wherein the faid Mary Wortley, countefs of Bute, and the faid James Archibald Stuart, were complainantsy and the fad Granville Levefon earl Gower, and otberSy were defendantSy releaft end convey to and to the ufe of the mofi noble Evelyn duke of King-fton, and Edward Woodcock of Lincoln’s Inn, in the county of Middlefex, efquirey their heirs and affignSy the feveral real eflates of the faid teflator Edward Wortley, devifed by his faid will upon the trufis therein mentionedy and then vefted in him the Jaid earl Gower: and whereas the faid James Archibald Stuart being deftrous of barring and-docking all eflates-tail of and in the faid yearly fee-farm rent of one hundred and thirteen poundsy created and limited by the fail will of the faid Edward Wortley, his-late grandfather, and aU re• verftons ana remainders expectant or depending thereof an indenture quadrupartite of bargain and fatty inrolled in the faid high court of Chancery, bearing date the fifth day ^/February, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, was duly made and executed by and between the faid Evelyn duke of K. ingfton, Edward Woodcock, and James Archibald Stuart, of the firfipart\ Thomas Barnard ^Lincoln’s Inn aforefaidy gentleman^ of the fecond part; Richard Thurfton tf Lincoln’s Inn aforefaidy gentleman of the third part j and El-borough Woodcock 0/ Lincoln’s Inn aforefaidy gentlemany of the fourth part j for the purpofe of making a tenant of the free- holdy and fujfering a commmon recovery of the Jaid annual or fee-farm rent cf qjne hundred and thirteen pounds; and it was thereby declared* that the faid ctfmmop recovery Jbould be and enure to the only ufe and behoof of the faid James Archibald Stuart, his heirs and affignsyfor ever: and whereas the faid common recovery was accordingly foon afterwards duly fujfer.eiy but as the faid reverfun or remainder in fee of and in

the

1772.] Anno duodecimo GfioRQii III. C.44.	113

'he faid annual or fee-farm rent of one hundred and thirteen pounds j vejled in the crown, and will take place and effeft in cafe of failure it any time of iffue-male of the body of the faid Edward late earl of Sandwich, and as fuch reverfion in his Majefly cannot be barred or Ujlroyed, or divefted out of the crown without the aid and authority \f parliament; therefore, until fuch ail can be had and paffedy the faid fames Archibald Stuart cannot effeflually fettle, or give or devife '•befaid annual .or fee-farm rent of one hundred and thirteen pounds, to vhicb he is fo intitle a \ nor can he fell or difpofe of the faid fee farm tnt without great lofs and disadvantage to himfejf and family: In or-Ur therefore that the faid James Archibald Stuart may be able to ill or difpofe of the faid fee farm rent of one hundred and thirteen imdsy in fuch manner as he may think proper, he hath made his hum-Me fuit to your Majefly, that your Majefty would be gracioufly pleafed '0 live leave that a bill may be brought into parliament to enable your Majefty, your heirs and fuccefforss to grant the reverfion or remainder in jee-fimphy fo vejled in your Majefty, of and in toe faid annual or fee-farm rent of one hundred and thirteen pounds, unto and to the ft of him tha faid James Archibald Stuart, his heirs and affigns% for every upon a full and adequate confederation to be paid by him or them for the fame \ and your Majefiy hath been gracioufly pleafed to (ignifjyour confent thereto: may it therefore pleafe your molt excellent Majefty, at the humble petition of the faid James Archie kid Stuarty that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the King’s mqft ex- His Majtfty#

cellcnt majefty, his heirs and fucceffora, at any time or times ^1*letters pa-

hereafter, by any letters patent, or indenture or indentures, un- teyntf to grant

der the great feal of Great Britainy hereafter to be made, to give unto James

and grant unto jhc faid James Archibald Stuart, and his heirs, Aichibaid „

upon a full and adequate confideration to be paid by the faid

James Archibald Stuarty or his heirs, for the fame, to be valued	*

and ascertained by the proper offreers of the crown for the time rent of 113U

being, the faid annua] or fee-farm rent of one hundred and

thirteen pounds, granted, (among others,) by his faid late

majefty King Charles the Second to the faid Edward, late earl

of Sandwicby in tail-male, and ifluing and payable out of the faid

parks, now or late called Beivbufb and Shelley as aforefaid, or out

of the lands or grounds of which the faid parks do now coniift,

in the faid county of SufleXy and the reverGon and reyerfions,

remainder and remainders, of and in the faid annual or fee-farm

rent, and all the eftate, right, title, intereft, inheritance, and

property of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, of,* in, to, or

out of the fame«

II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Indentures by fuch grant of the faid annual or fee-farm rent to the faid James Archibald Stuarty and his heirs, as (hall be made by his Majesty, {JJJ* m his heirs or fucceflors, by any fuch letters patent, or indenture or indentures as aforefaid, in purfuance of this a<ft, (hall be, and Vo 1. XXX.	I	is

Ii4

Saving to all perfons all rights out of the fee-farm rent.

Anno duodecimo Geohgii III. c.45.' f 1772*

iff hereby enabled to be good, valid, and effectual in the law, according to the tenor, purport, intent, and meaning of fuch grant, letters patent, or indenture or indentures, notwithftand-ing any reftridion, or matter or thing contained in an adt of parliament made in the firft year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An ail for the better fupport of her Majef tfs houfckold, and of the honour and dignity of her crown, or any other law, cuftotn, ufage, or ftatutc, or any mifrecital, nonrecital, omiflion, or other defedt, in the faid grant, letters patent, or indenture or indentures, hereafter to be made, in any-wife not-withftanding.

III. Saving to all and every perfon and perfons whomfoever, their heirs, executors, and admmiftrators, and all bodies politick and corporate, and their fucceflors, (other than and except the King’s mod excellent majefty, his heirs and fucceflors) all fuch eftate, right, title, and intereft, of, in, to, or out of the faid annual or fee-farm rent of one hundred and thirteen pounds before mentioned, or any part thereof, as they or any of them have or hath, or might have had, if this adt bad not been made.

CAP. XLV.

An ail for the better regulation of carters, carriages, and loaded borfes; and for removing obftruSions and naifances upon the ftreets and highways within that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Preamble.

WHEREAS many accidents happen, and great mifehief is frequently done upon the ftreets and highways within that part of Great Britain coiled Scotland, by the negligence or wilful mif behaviour of perfons driving carriages: and whereas the law, as it now ftandsy is inefficient for correiling theft abufes,%or punifbing the perjons guilty of them ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be .enabled; and be it enadted by the King’s moift excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament After Sept i, aflembted, and by the authority of the fame, That from and *77*. no per- after the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and ion (hall drive feventy-two, no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall drive any

anv cart. car.	y	• » r • »	i »	„ .

cart, car, with or without ledges, or any waggon, fledge, or dray, of any kind whatfoever, upon the high roads or ftreets within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, unlefs tire mailer or owner of fuch cart, car, with or without ledges, or fuch waggon. Hedge, or dray, (hall place upon fomeconfpicuous part be placed on a of fuch cart, car, with or without ledges, waggon, fledge, or conspicuous dray, the name or names of the real owner or owners of any part ol fuch fuch carriage, and the place of refideace of the real owner or owners of any fuch carriage, or of the houfe or farm whejre the owner or owners generally employ fuch carriage, in different and atfoflie colours from the body of fuch carriage; and alfo the numbers (beginning number one and fo upwards) where more carts, 4	cars,

any cart, car, or waggon, without the name of the owner, and his place of refidtnee, to

number of fuch carriage,

/ 772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 45.	1*5

cars, or other carriages than one belong to the fame perfon, in order that the driver may the more ealily be convicted of any dif-order or mifbehaviour committed by him or her.

II.	And be it alfo cnadted by the authority aforefaid, That if Offenders drt-any perfon lhall drive any of the before-mentioned carriages

upon any of the faid high roads or ftreets, not having the name Iuch namcs or names of the owner or owners, and the place of their refi- ami numbers, dence, or of the houfe or farm where the owner cr owners to forfeit not generally employ fuch carriage, and where more carriages than one belong to the fame perfon, the number placed upon fome for evciy confpictious part of the fame > every fuch perfon, offending in offence, any of the cafes aforefaid, or the owner or owners of fuch carriage refpe&ively, lhall forfeit a fum not exceeding twenty {hillings fteriing, and not lefs than five (hiliings'fterling, for each offence committed by him, her, or them. ,	"	NamM * ^ .

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,' riagkg to ^ That every time the property of any of the above carriages (hall altered with be altered, the fucceeding owner or owners thereof (hall, from the property, time to time, within fourteen days next after he, (he, or they ^ Cw!rh^ (hall become owner or owners thereof and (hall have ufed the

fame, caufe the name or names and relidence of the former ter they be-owner or owners, and number thereof, to be taken off from come owners 1 every fuch carriage before mentioned, and the name or names and place of refidence of the fucceeding and real owner or owners, and number thereof, where more carriages than one belong to the fame perfon, to be placed in manner aforefaid,	*

upon fome confpicuous part of fuch carriage or carriages 5 and °o*PCand not every perfon or perfon9 Who (hall omit to do the fame lhall for- )tfa than 5*. feit a fum not exceeding twenty (hillings fteriing* and not lefs for every of-than five (hillings fteriing, for each offence.	fence.

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if	p!ac-

any perfon or perfons (hall place a falfe name or place of refi- on c^ri dence upon any fuch carriage belonging to him, her, or them, rjagfS t0 fjr/ tho perfon or perfons fo offending (hall forfeit, for every fuch felt 40 s. offence, a futn not exceeding forty (hillings fteriing.

V.	And, in order that the inconveniences ariftng from the negligence ^	**

of chaife drivers, carters, draymen, fledgemtn, carmen, and waggoners, Chaife driver end drivers of any other carriage whatfoever, may be the more eafi'y found fitting prevented; be it ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid. That froniin. chaife; ani after the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven hun-

dred and Teventy-two, if any chaife driver within that part of0m:otthe Great Britain called Scotland (hall be found fitting in his chaife hodes j without another perfon on one of the horfes driving the fame j or C2rtet or if any carter, drayman, carman, (ledgeman, or waggoner, or nd,ngon the driver of any other carriage whatfoever, (coaches, chaifes, his carriage phaetons, curricles, chairs, and fuch other carriages, which are without a pro-ufually driven by a perfon fitting within or upon the carriage, and fuch carriages as are refpedlively drawn by one horfe only* \t i • or by two horfes abreaft, and are conduced by fome perfon holding the reins of fuch horfe or horfes excepted,} (hall ride upon any fuch carriage, (not having fome other perfon on loot

12	or

115	Anno	duodecimo GeorGII in. c. 45.	f 1772.

or on horfeback to guide the fame*) on any ftreet of any city or within 6 milestown* or on any highway Wllhin fix miles of the ciry of Edin-of Edinburgh, burgh^ or four miles of the city of Glafgow, or two miles of any 4 of Glafgow, other dity, royal burgh, market town, or burgh of regality, or or a of any o- barony ; or if the driver of any carnage whatfoever on any part w?f a^’dril any ^recl or highway (hall, by negligence, or wilful milbe-▼er fhaifncglV haviour, caufe any hurt or damage to any perfon or carriage, gentlyoccaiion pafling or being upon fuch ftreet or highway, or (hall, by negli-any hurt or gence, or wilful milbehaviour, pretent, hinder, or interrupt the ^revenuhe ^ree Pa^aBc °f anY othcr carriage, or of his Majesty’s fubjects pS&ge if any on lhc faid highways ; or if the driver of any cart, car, dray, or other car- 7 waggon, on any highway whatfoever, when riding on his carriage *	riage, (hall not diftnount (fo as the better to guide his horfe or

or (hall not horfes and darriage) when required by any perfon apprehending when ^required danger from fuch carriage ; every fuch driver offending in any by any perfon of the cafes aforefaid (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any apprehending fum not exceeding ten (hillings fterling, in cafe fuch driver (haft . not be the owner of fuch carriage ; and in cafe the offender be any of thefaidowner	carriage, then any fum not exceeding twenty

cafes, (hall (hillings fterling.

forfeit 10s. if not the owners j and, if the owner, ios. for each offence.

No drivers of VI. And whereas feveral inconveniences do arife, and many acts-carts, &c. to fonts have happened by carts, carsy and other carriages above mention-drive alorg- ^ being drawn abreafi or alongfide one another, fo as the paffage of carriages, fo l^e ftr**ts and highways in that part of Great Britain called Seot-as to obftrult land is entirely obflruftedy and alfo by the drivers of fuch carriages the free paf- not having bridles or halters upon their horfes; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the (aid firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, no driver or drivers of carts, cars, or other carriages above mentioned, (hall drive their carriage or carriages abreaft or alongfide of any other carriage or carriages, fo as wilfully to obftrud but (hall fol- the free paffage of fuch ftreets and highways refpe&ively, but low one after fhall follow one after another upon the fame, and (hall have have britUes bridles or halters upon every horfe in any of the above carriages, •r halters which bridles or halters upon the foremoft horfe, (hall (in all upon every carriages not drawn by more than two horfes) be tied with a horfe, which rope, or fome other thing of fufficient ftrength, to the halter or ftail^bave in bridle	*be horfe behind, and which rope or bridle the driver

his hand, See. °f every fuch carriage (hall have in his or her hand ; and every on penalty of perfon offending in the premifes (hall forfeit a fum not exceeding *os. nor Ufa twenty illings ft erling, nor lefs than five (hillings fterling, for than 5 s. each offence.

VII.	And tvhereas the free paffage of bis Majeflfs fubje&s is often objlrufledy and their perfons put in danger, from the prefent irregular and diforderly method of driving horfes with or without loadsy and by leaving carts, waggons, fledges, coaches, chaifes, and other carriages, after the horfes have been unyoked and taken from the fame \ and alfo Hone, lime, timber, rubbifh, and the bodies of dead horfes, and other animals, and other articles which do obflruft fuch fra paffage as afore~ faidj upon the Jlreets and highways, within that part of Great Britain n	called

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 45^	x	17

called Scotland ; be it therefore enadted by the authority afore-fa id. That from and after the faid firft day of September, one No driver* to thoufand feyen hundred and feventy-two, no drivers of horfes drive their or other beafts of burthen with or without loads, (hall drive ^c' their horfes or other beafts of burthen abreaft, fo as wilfully to toobftruathe obftrudt the free paffage of his Majesty’s fubjedts, or to put their free paffage, perfons in danger, but (hall, as much as may be, drive them in bat (hall drive a line one after another in a regular manner, having a bridle or them in a halter affixed to the head of each horfe or bead of burthen 5 and l*n*i one after that the driver or owner of any cart, waggon, fledge, coach, a^ridle'affix-chaife, or other carriage, (hall not be permitted to leave the ed to the fame upon any ftreet or highway within that pan of Great head of each Britain called Scotlandy after the horfe or horfes have been un- horfe, See. yoked and taken from fuch cart, waggon, fledge, or other car- ^rivert of * riage refpedfively, except only with refpedt to fuch carriage, cart8| during fuch reafonable time as the fame (hall be loading or un- leave fuch uploading; nor (hall it be allowable to any perfon or perfons to°nany ft***J» leave ftones, lime, timber, rubbifh, the bodies of dead horfes, or of other animals, or other nuifances, upon the ftreets and |0admg and highways aforefaid, fo as to obftrudt the free paffage of the unloading, fame 5 and that every perfon offending in the premifes (hall nor foafl any forfeit a turn not exceeding twenty (hillings fterling, and not lefs than five (hillings fterling, for each offence.	Up£n	*

ftreets, &c. on penalty of so a. nor left than 5*.

VIII.	And whereat many difputes frequently happen between the Drivers of

driven of loaded horfes and other beafts of burthen, and the drivers loaded horfes, of cartSy and fuch other carriageSy and between the drivers of eoacheSy	cam*

chariot j, cbatfeSy and fuch like carriageSy travelling upon any ftreet or coaChes, and highway within the limits aforefaidy about giving the way to9 ^carriages, making way for one another; be it enabled by the authority afore- fhall on meet-faid. That the driver of every fuch loaded horfe, horfes, or jjj££^ercar other beafts of burthen, and the driver of every cart, car, or rUges,Xive" fuch like carriage, and every coach, chariot, chaife, and fuch to the left like carriage, (hall be obliged, upon meeting another loaded hand or near horfe, or other beaft of burthen, or another carriage, of what-

ever kind, to make way, by holding or driving to his pwn left

hand, or what is commonly called Holding to the near Sidey and

that without diftindtion, whether the carriages fo meeting one

another are loaded or unloaded ; and that every perfon offend- Penalty nqt

ing in the premifes (hall forfeit a fum not exceeding twenty exceeding tos.

(hillings fterling, and not lefs than five (hillings fterling, for nor lc**tban

every fuch offence.	'	£rofecutions

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, again ft of-That profecutions againft offenders, in refpedf of the feveral adls fenders to be and negledis which are made puni(hable by this adl, may be brought be-brought fummarily before the (heriff-depute or fubftitute, or ri^depu^ror any juftice of the peace of the county within which the offence fubftitute, &c. (hall be committed, or before any of the magiftrares of cities or of the county boroughs where the offences have been committed within their or pl^e where jyrifdidtion, or before any other judge competent; and that judgement (hall proceed aiul .be given againft the offender or ana judge-

1 3	often-	ment to pro-

ceed on con-

authority of the a£t

and carried before any juftice or judge competent.

Beribns who fhall fee offences committed, may, by authority

118	Anno	duodecimo Gborgii III.c. 45.	[1772.

ftflion, or by offenders, either upon his or their own confeffion, or upon the credible wit- 0ath 0r oaths of one or more credible witnefles. binders to X. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That be apprehend- in all and every of the neglects and offences punifhahle by this ed foi offences prefent adt, it fhall be lawful for any perfon or perfons aggrieved, commitud^by ancj intending to fue for the recovery of the penalties auttiorifed * by this ad, upon the authority of the fame, and without any other warrant, to apprehend the offender or offenders, and either to carry him, her, or them, or caufe him, her, or them to be carried, by the aiffffance of any peace officer or other perfon or perfons, before any juftice of the peace, or other judge competent, within tl>e bounds where the offences fhall be committed; which judge is hereby impowered and required, upon convi&ioa of the offender or offenders, by his or their cfan confeffion, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefles, to deal with him, her, or them, in manner as herein before directed 5 and any perfon or perfons, who fhall fee any of the offences before recited committed, fhall and may, by the authority of this ad, without any other warrant, feize and detain the horfes, carts, hereof, detain cars, fledges, waggons, drays, coaches,, chariots, landaus, and horfes, carts, other fuch like machines and carriages, and the horfes belong-unV is^ro- t0 l^e ^ever^ offenders, till fuch time as fentence fhall be mnmeed^0" pronounced by the competent judge concerning the offence: ^nd in cafe the and in cafe the penalties adjudged by him in confequence of penalties ad- this adt (hall not be paid, or fecurity found for the fame, within twenty-four hours after convidtion and fentence, then the judge, before whom the offender (hall be convidied, is hereby aurbo-rifed and required to iffue his warrant, directed to a conftable or other peace-officer within his jurifdi&ion, to caufe fale to be made of the fubjedt or fubjedis detained, in cafe the fame happens to be the property of the offender or offenders, for railing the money forfeited by him or them, rendering to fuch offender or offenders the overplus, after deducting the charges of fale, and the expence of keeping the fubjedt detained, both 1	'	which	fhall be determined by the judge before whom the of-

Offenders may fender or offenders are convidted ; and in cafe the fybjedt or pe commit- fubjedts aforefaid do not happen to be the property of fuch of-tU1 rati*‘ fender or offenders, that then the fame fhall be returned to the rltybe found lawful owner or owners thereof, and it (hall be lawful for the ff ■	'	<	judge	aforefaid, and he is hereby required, in cafe the fine (hail

not be inftantly paid upon convidtion, or fatisfadiory fecurity given for the fame, to commit the offender or offenders to gaol, there to remain until fuch time as the fine fhall be paid, or fatisfadiory fecurity found for the fame, or until the -expiration of two months after fuch commitment, panders pu- ‘ XI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, reliable by the That if any perfon or perfons, charged with being guilty of any for mal- 0f t^c offences made punifhable by this adt, fhall, upon the pcTron^hat- feteure of, or an attempt to feize, under the authority *of this ever,’to forfeit adt, his or their perfons or property, or the property of others,

*os. fjr every under their care as aforefaid, refift, abufe, or maltreat any per-

otfence.

judged (half not be paid, the judge to cauie fate to be made of the fubjedts detained. *

x 772-3 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 45.	119

fon or perfons whatfoever; or if any perfon (hall aid or affift liim, her, or them, in fo doing, he, (he, or they lhall refpec-tively forfeit the Aim of twenty (hillings fterling for every fuch laft-mentioned offence ; the offence to be' proved, and judgement to proceed thereupon, in the fame way and manner as herein-before provided for in the cafe of the other before-mentioned offences againft this aft.

XII.	And be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid. That PeHons ap-

if any perfon or perfons, who (nail be apprehended for having prebended for committed any offence againft this ad, (hall refufe to difcover	re-•

his or her name and place of abode to any judge competent bfc- their * fore whom he or (he lhall be brought; fuch perfon or perfons, names to the fo refuting, (hall be committed by the judge to any gaol of the judge, to be county, there to remain until fuch time as he, (he, or they, committed, lhall difcover his, her, or their name or names, and place or

places of abode.

XIII.	And be it likewife enabled by the authority aforefaid. Forfeiture# That the fines and forfeitures arifing from the offences made aJ’|l'ng,by the punifhable by this ad (hall be applied, the one half to the in- pif^one half former or profecutor, and the other half to the colledor of the to the infor-land-tax of the county within which the offence (hall have been mer, and the committed, and by him to be accounted for as part of the funds °*her t° the cftablilhed by law for the detedion and pumfhment of vagrants the land-tax. within that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XIV.	Provided always. That no profecution under this pre- No profccu-fcnt ad (hall lie againft any perfon or perfons whatfoever, un- tion to lie, un-Jefs the fame (hall be brought within three months of the time Kr* ^rolj8ht at which the offence or offences charged, was or were adually months after committed: and that in all cafes an appeallhall lie againft every the offence fentence or judgement of one or more juftices of the peace, made was commit-under and by virtue of the powers given by this act, to the next quarter-felfions of the peace for the county within which the tion'of the* offence was committed, whofe determination (hall be final; and quamr-ftf-that the faid appeal (hall be competent to every perfon and per- (Sons to be fons having, an intereft, and apprehending him, her, or them- bna^ fclves to be aggrieved by fuch fentence and judgement.

XV.	Declaring always, That nothing herein contained (hall Nothing here-

extend, or be conftrued to extend, to limit, leflen, or take away, }n ,.°M£en any of the jurifdidions, powers, and authorities, rights, privi- ^ royal*” leges, and immunities, of any of the cities and royal boroughs boroughs, within that part of the united kingdom called	,	or	of

the magiftrates and town council of the feme, as contained in ads of parliament, or charters and other grants from his Majeliy and his royal predeceffors ; nor (hall this prefent ad be any way derogatory to, or in any refped whatfoever be under-ftood to encroach, repeal, or take away the faid jurifdidions, rights, or immunities j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

<

*4

CAP.

120 v

Anno duodecimo Georgij 111. c. 46.	[x 772.

CAP. XLVI.

An aft far the more effeftual preventing of frauds in the revenues of excife with rtfpeft to tea, /cap, low wines, and fpirits.

Preamble* TXT HER E AS by an aft of parliament, made and paffed in the VV tenth year of the reign of his late majejly King George tie A& xq Geo. J. Firjl, intituled, An ad for repealing certain duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate, and cocoa pafte, imported, and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the importation of chocolate ready made, and cocoa pafte; and for better ascertaining the duties payable upon coffee, tea, and cocoa nuts, imported; and for granting relief to Robert Dalzeli late earl of Carnwath\ it ms enafted, That no tfa exceeding the quantity affix pounds weight fl>7uli be removed or carried from any part of this kingdom by land or watr*, /	without fiuch permit, or certificate, as is therein exprejfed and requir-

ed: And by the faid aft it was further enafted, That every feller of and dealer in tea fbould, each night, enter into a book, kept for that purpofe, an account of the grofs quantity of tea, which he fbould retail or confume in each day in f mall quantities, under the weight of fix pounds, and in one other book Jhould enter, every night, every parcel of tea above the weight offix pounds which he fbould fell in each day: And whereas by the faid reeited aft, no provifion is made for diflin-guifhing in fuch permits or certificates, or in Juch entries, the quality or colour of the tea fo permitted or certificated, or fo entered, in the faid books, whereby great frauds and abufes have been committed, contrary to thf true intent and meaning of the feveral afts of parliament relative to the duties on tea, and to the manifeft prejudice of the fair trader in the faid commodity; for remedy whereof, and for the greater and more effeftual difeouragement of the illegal and pernicious praftke 1	of unlawfully importing and clandeftinely running of tea, be it enact-

ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the After June *4., feme. That from and after the twenty~fourth day of June, one *772, all deal* thousand feven hundred and feventy-two, all dealers in and fellers era in tea 0f tea, who (hall then have, or from thenceforth receive into their each Snifter cu^°^y ally b°hca* Congo, fouchong, or pekoe tea, (hall, and &c. with the* are hereby obliged and directed, from time to time, to mark each Words Black and every canifter, bag, jar, tub, box, cafk, or other package, or Grten. ac- \n which they (hall keep any bohea, Congo, fouchong, or pekoe cording^the tea^ wjtk tjje word Black, and alfo to mark each and every ft?d!Ccaniiter, canifter, bqg, jar, tub, box, calk, or other package, in which fee,	they (hall keep any other kind of tea, not being bohea, Congo,

fouchong, or pekoe tea, wit!) the word Green, the faid words Black and Green to be refpeftively marked on the moft confpi-/	cuous	part	of fuch canifter, bag, jar, tub, box, cafk, and other

package.

f II. fnd, for avoiding all doubts and qontroyerfies concerning tbf

m

1772.I	Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 46.	lit

'wo kinds of teas in this off mentioned, and dijiinguijhed by the names f Black Tea and Green Tea, it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforefaid, That by the term or name Black Tea, fm^Green is meant all fuch teas as are ufually called or known by the Tea, how to name of bohea, Congo, fouchong, or pekoe tea; and that by the be diftin-term or name Green Tea, is meant all teas not being fuch bohea, £uiflicd* Congo, fouchong, or pekoe tea.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, officers of ex-That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou* cife finding an find feven hundred and feventy-two, the officer and officers of increafe ot excife who (hall, from time to time, furvey and take the flock cufodyof

of tea, at the ware-houfes, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, dealers, to vaults, and other places made ufe of for keeping tea by dealers feize fuch in-in and fellers of tea, (hall keep a feparateand diftindt account of unlefs the black tea, and of the green tea, which (ball at any time be produce6 in their or any of their cuftody; and if fuch officer of excife (haN certificate of find any increafe either of green tea or of black tea, in the cufto* the payment dy of any fuch dealer or feller, over and above the quantity of of digues, each refpe&ive fort which fuch officer found in fuch dealer or feller’s cuftody at the time of fuch officer’s laft preceding furvey upon fuch dealer or feller, fuch increafe (hall be deemed and taken to be made by tea for which no duties were paid, and which had been privately brought in by fuch dealer or feller without permit or certificate, and fo much of the green tea or • black tea refpedHvely as (hall be found fo increafed (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be feifed and carried away by fuch officer of excife who (hall fo find the fame, unlefs the owner thereof (hall make it appear that the faid increafe was made by fuch green tea or black tea refpedively brought in with an au-thentick permit or certificate of the payment of the duties thereof.

IV.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid. That Sellers of tea from and afterthe faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand

feven hundred and feventy-two, all dealers in and fellers of tea 6 weight, to who (hall fell or confume the fame in fmall quantities, under the keep diftina weight of fix pounds, (hall and are hereby obliged and directed accounts of to keep feparate and diftina accounts of all the black t$a, and of all the green tea, which they or any of them fhall fo refpec- cacJ fort* lively fell or confume in fmall quantities in each day, and (hall, every night, enter into a book, to be kept for that purpofe, an account of the grofs quantities of the black tea, and alfo of the green tea, which have been by him, her, or them refpe<5Uvely fo retailed or confumed in that day in fmall quantities under the faid weight of fix pounds; and me faid dealers in and fellers of tea (hall alfo keep one other book, wherein they (hall make feparate and diftinft entries of all the black tea, and all the green tea, above the weight of fix pounds, which they (hall refpe&ive-ly fell in each day; which faid books (hall be provided, and the Such entn-ef entries fo to be made in the faid books, (hall be under the fame to be under direflions, rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as are the dire&ions provided and enatfed by the faid above-recited adfc of the tenth P^vlc,cd by of his late majefty King George the Firft.	adl 10 Gco' U

\	V.	And

No tea, exceeding 61b. weight, to be removed out of the kingdom without a permits

ex prtiling the quantity and quality of * fuch tea, &c.

upon pain of forfeiture of fuch tea.

Vo tea to be

fold by whole* fale or retail, but out of th< wareboufea and (hops approved of by aft 10 Geo. X.

Claufe in aft 5 Geo. III.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.46.	[1772.

V.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefeid, That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, no tea, exceeding the quantity of fix pounds weight, fhail be removed or. carried from any part of this kingdom by land or by water without a permit or certificate, figned by one or more of the officers for the inland duties on tea, fignifying and certifying the names and places of abode .of the buyer and feller, and expreffing the quantity and quality of the tea* that is to fay, if the tea fo to be removed or carried is bohea, oongo, fouchong, or pekoe tea, then to exprefs in the permit or certificate that the fame is black tea; and if the tea fo to be removed and carried is neither bohea, Congo, foueboag, or pekoe tea, then to exprefs in the permit or certificate that the fame is Grafs tea, and alfo certifying that the inland duties chargeable upon tea have been duly paid and fatisfied, upon pan of forfeiting the tea which is lo found removing or carrying from one place to another without fuch permit or certificate, expreffing the quality as abovefeid, together with the package in which the fame (hail be contained, which permit or certificate fhail be left with the officer of the divifion to which the feme fhail be carried, to prevent the feizure thereof, in which permit or certificate the officer who grants the. fame (hall exprefs and limit the time for which the lame (hall continue in force.

VL And whereas by the faid ratted a& it is enacted* That mta Jbould be faid* uttered* or expofed to fale* but when the fame Jim tt in fome warehouse or plate entered for keeping the fame* upon pm if forfeiting all pub tea fo fold* uttered* or expofed to fale* and treble tk value thereof* together with the package containing the fame : Ad whereas the penalty by the faid aCl provided has by experience tan found ineffectual, find ill-ditpofed per fens have thereby been indued u carry tea which hath been clandeflinely imported into this kingdom* [m houfe to boufe* in fmall parcels* in diminution of the revenue* and to trt great difeouragemont of the fair dealer in tea: for remedy whereof be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from aod after the faid twenty-fourth day or June* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, if any tea, (hall be fold, uttered, or expofed to fele, either by wholesale or retail, but when the fame fttall be in fome or one of the warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, fhops, cellars, vaults, or other places, entered and approved as by the faid aft is direfted, the perfon or perfons fo uttering, felling, or expofing to fele fuch tea, in any other place or places than thofe entered and approved as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of ten pounds, together with ail the tea-which (hall be fo fold, uttered, or expofed to fale.

VII.	And whereas by a claufe in an afl of parliament* pajjid in th fifth year of the reign of bis prefent Mcjejly* intituled* An act tor the better fecuring and further improving of the revenues cuftoms, excife, inland and felt duties, it was enaC?ed*Teat ml ers of hard foap Jbould provide covers to their coppers* pan:* endues* fils, wherewith they jbould boil or moke bard foap; which uppers* fans, and utenfils, and alfo the pipe or pipes that conveyed the wjk?

f772.] Anno1 duodecimo GeorgII III. c. 46;	12j

ait Ues from futh coppery pan, ar utenfily the officers of excife were

0 lock and fed down in manner as in and by the faid alt was parti-

ularly required and directed; and by the faid claufe in the. faid alt it

was enafttdy That if by any arty device, or contrivance wbatfoevcry

\ny Jucb makeuaf hard foapy Jbould open any coppery pan, or utenfily

tr any pipe or pipes» after the fame Jbould have been looked down and

fccuredy and before the fame bad been unlocked and opened by the officer

f excifiy or jbould wilfully break or damage any Jucb loci, fral9 or

fqftningy that every fucb maker of bard foap fo offending Jbouldy for

ruery fuch offence, forfeit and Ufa the fum of twenty pounds: And *

whereas the faid penalty of twenty pounds by the laid alt provided

hat by by txperience% been found ineffeflualy and not Jufficient to prevent

and refrain makers of bard foap from opening their copperSy pans,

utenJiUy and pipes 9 in regard the duties of one boiling of foap may,

and ofttn do, amount to much more than the fum of twenty pounds,

whereby ill-difpofcd perfons have been encouraged and induced to open

their copperst pansy uttnfilsy and pipes, to the great diminution of the

revenue arifing by the duties laid upon foapy and to tie prejudice of the

fair tradersy who duly pay the full duties for all foap by them made:

for remedy whereof, be it further enafted by the authority afore*

faid. That if at any time after the twenty-fourth day of June9 Makers of

one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, any rofiker of hard foap

hard foap (hall, by any art, device, or contrivance whatfoever, opcaing any .

open, or caufe to be opened, any copper, pan, or utenfil, or any afte^being

pipe or pipes, that convey the wade or fait lees from fuch cop- fealedby the

per, pan, or utenfil, after the fame (hall have been fecurely lock- officer of ex*

ed and feaied down by the officer of excife, and before the fame clfci

(hall have been unlocked and opened by the officer of excife, or .

(hall wilfully break or damage any fuch lock or feal, or other or fa lining, every fuch maker or makers of hard foap, fo offending Schfeait^ail in any of the faid cafes, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and forfeit tool, lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

VIII.	And whereas by an aB of parliament, puffed in the thirty- Aft33Geo.il. third year of the reign of his late maiefty King George the Second* intituled^ An act for preventing the exceffive ufe of (pirKpeut

liquors, by laying additional duties thereon; for (hortening the prohibition of making low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, and (root meal, flour, and bran; for encouraging the exportation Qf Rritijb~mnde fpirits; and for mom effeftually fecuring the duties payable upon fpirits, and preventing the fraudulent relanding or importation thereof, it was enabled and declared. That perfons making or keeping any wath, cyder, or other materials fit for diftillation, and having in their poflfeffion or occupation any dill or dills, containing feparately or together ten gallons or upwards, (hould be deemed and taken to be common didillers for (ale, ami (hould be liable to the rates and duties of excife, and be fubjeft to the furvey of the officer of excite, and to the feveral penalties and forfeitures, impeded by any aft of parliament then in force, in any wife relating to diftil*.

Jcr8-	. .

IX.	And whereas doubts have ariftn whether by the word dill, m

the

be deemed common di, (tillers.

Offenders pro feciired for pe<

coted again for the fame offences by any farther aft.

124*	Anno	duodecimo Georcmi III. c. 46.	[1772:

the faid elaufe mentioned, the body of the Jlill exclufwt of the bead cf fuchfill, is not to be underjlood; now to obviate all fuch doubts, Cubic con-	be it declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every

a	(till, the cubic contents of which, when the head is on, will a-

lons, orup- * mount to ten gallons or upwards, is a ftiil containing ten gallons, wards. F or upwards, within the true meaning of the laft recited act; and Perfons ufing all and every perfon or perfons, having or keeping any wa(h, q-fuch foils, to der, or other materials fit for diftillarion, and having in his, her, or their pofleflion or occupation, any fuch lad-mentioned ftiil or (tills, containing feparately or together ten gallons or upwards, proof being thereof made as by the la(t recited aft is direfted, (hall be deemed and taken to be a common diftiller for fale, and (hall be liable to the feveral rates, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, m and by the laft recited aft mentioned or referred unto,

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the autho-nakies* by this rity aforefaid. That fuch offender, who (ball be profecuted for aft given, not 'any of the penalties by this aft given, frail not be profecuted to be profe- again for the fame offence by any former aft; aad that fuch

offender, who (hall be profecuted for the penalty given by any former aft, fhall not be profecuted again, for the fame offence by virtue of this prefent aft, or any thing herein contained.

XI.	And whereas great frauds are committed by com diJliUm Corn diftilfers charging their fills, in the abfence of the officers of excife, »;i fovr wines to°^ worts or wifi* °f which no account has been taken by the faid officer^ provide and an& *he provifions hitherto made have been found ineffectual to refran affix fufficient fuch praflifes; for remedy whereof, be it enafted by theautho-faftnings to rity aforefaid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day ot

June, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-two, every corn diftiller, or maker of low wines or fpirits from com or grain, (hall, at his, her, or their own expence, find, provide, and affix fufficient faftnings (to be approved of, in writing, by and under the hands of the refpeftive furveyors or fupervifors of excife of the divifion or diftrift in which every fuch refpeftive diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits from corn fhall refide) to the heads of eafh and every low wine ftiil, and wafh ftiil, wa(h pumps, and charging cocks, through which worts or wafh are conveyed into fuch wafh ftiil or wafh (tills belonging to, or ufed by, any fuch diftiller or maker as aforefaid; which faid (till, heads, and Charging cocks, and wafh pumps, (hall, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to be fecurely locked and fealedby • the officer of excife who furveys fuch diftiller and maker as aforefaid, in manner as is herein-after direfted; and fuch locks and Locks and	keys, as (hall be neceffary for fecuring the (aid ftiil heads, and

key* to be	charging cocks and waih pumps, fhalh be provided by the re-

FuTveyoreor flp^ve furveyors or fupervifors of excife of the divifion or di-fupervifors of ftrift in which fuch refpeftive diftiller or maker of low wines or excife. fpirits (hall refide, at the expence of fuch diftiller or maker; and whenever any fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits from corn, (hall be defirous of charging his (till or (tills, or of ufing the charge cock or wafh pump fo locked and fealed, and (hall have given notice as herein-after is direfted, the officer of excife

the beads of every low wine foil. See.

772.] ^ Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.4&	125

ife (hall attend to unlock and open the faid (till heads, charging' ocks, and wafh pumps.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Diftillerswben4

That when any fuch diftiller or maker of low wines and fpirits, they intend to vhofe dill-houfe or dill-houfes are under the furvey of the Lon- °pe« Ml*, to ion officers, or is or are fituate in London or fPeJiminfler, or with-	*

n any other city in Great Britain, (hall be defirous of opening hour^previ- * us low wines dill or dills, or of charging his wa(h dill or wafh ou* to the {ills, he, (he, or they (hall give, or caufe to be given, to one of time, to one he officers of excife, under whofe furvey fuch didiller or maker Q^*sexcilc

)f low wines or fpirits (hall then be, a notice in writing at lead bur hours before the particular hour or time.of the day when be,

[he, or they intend to charge fuch dill or dills.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if anydiftiUer* in-Miller or maker of low wines or fpirits, fo fituate as aforefaid, J{^r

hall be minded to open or to charge his dill or dills at any tween is at lour or time between twelve in the night and (ix in the morn- night and 6 ing j then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch didiHer or maker !n tbc m?rn" jf low wines or fpirits (hall give the notice in writing, at JJJ^0pfleV^.,S twelve hours before the particular hour or time of the night 0lj$ notice, when he intends fo to open his low wine dill, or to charge his wafh dill or wa(h dills; and every other corn didiller or maker of low wines or fpirits from corn or grain, whofe dill-houfe or. ftill-houfes is or are not fituate in London or Weftminfler, nor under the furvey of the London officers, nor in (ome other city in Great Britain, (hall give or fend at lead twelve hours notice, in writing, at the next office, of excife, or to the proper officer under whole furvey fuch lad mentioned didiller or maker of low wines or fpirits (hall then be, of fuch his or their intention of opening or charging their dill or dills: And in cafe any fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits (hall not begin to charge his (fill or dills at the hour mentioned in fuch notice, or within two hours next after the expiration of fuch hour and time, then every fuch notice (hall be and is hereby declared void and null, and every fuch didiller and maker of low wines and fpirits!

(hall be obliged to give a frefh notice before the officer (hall be bound to open the heads of any fuch dill or dills, or the faid charge cocks, or wafh pumps, fo locked as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Officers of ex-That the officers of excife (hall, from time to time, attend, cife to attend agreeable to fuch notices fo to begiven or left as before directed; *nd

and when and fo foon as fuch officer (hall be at fuch dill-houfe, fuclTnoticei# every fuch didiller or maker as aforefaid, or his or their (Servants,

(hall, and they are hereby required to turn the difeharge cocks of every wafh dill, that the officer may be fatisfied that the faid wafh dill or wafh dills are really empty; and then, and not before, fuch officer (hall open the dills, co^ks, and pumps, fo locked and fecured, and (hall continue in the faid dill-houfe all the time that fuch wafh dill (hall be charging; and when the fame (hall be fully charged, (hall immediately lock and fecure as before, all the dill heads, wafh pumps, and charging cocks, to the

walh

Exeife officers to attend all the time that ftill heads and charge cocks are repairing.

miners txfing other pipes or conveyances than thofe entered to forfeit iool.

Diftitlers pre-fuming to dif-till, before fufRcient faft-nings are provided.

to forfeit 50L

Perfons opening ftill heads, &c. after being locked,to forfeit aoo 1.

Penalty o t obstructing exeife officers in doing their duty is tool*

Forfeitures and penalties recoverable by any law of exeife, &c.

Anrio duodecimo Georgu III. c. 46.	[1772*

wafh ftills belonging or affixed, and (hall leave them fo locked and fecured at all times.

XV.	Provided always. That when and fa often as it (hall be found neceffary to have ftich ftill, heads or charge cocks, or v*afn pumps open, for repairing or mending the fame, or either of them; then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for the officers of exeife fo to do, for all the time the workmen (hall be actually employed in repairing and mending the fame5 but the faid officers (hall lock and fecure all fuch ftills, wafh pomps, and charge cocks, every night, when and fo foon as the faid workmen (hall leave off their work $ and in fuch cafe, fitch officers (hall attend at fix of the clock each morning, whiift foch repain are doing, in order to open fuch ftills, charge cocks, and pomps.

XVI.	And be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefod, That no fuch diftiller or maker of low wines, or fpirits as afore-faid, (hall have any pipe or conveyance to the low wine ftills from any other veffel or utenfil, except the known and entered km wine cafk, on pain of forfeiting, for every fuch conveyance, the fum of one hundred pounds.

XVII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits from com, (hall, after the faid twenty-fourth day of Junty one thoufud feven hundred and feventy-two, prefume to diftil, or make lot wines or fpirits, before he, (he, or they (hall have found, provided, and affixed fufficient faftnings, to be approved as aforefaid, to every fuch ftill head, and to the charge cocks to exit wafh ftill and walh pump to him, her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them ufed, according to the directions of this act; or (haU refufe to pay for the locks and keys to be provided in purfoance of the directions of this ad; or (hall negled or refufe to torn the difeharge cock of the wafh ftills as required by this ad} he, (he, or they, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit fifty pounds.

XVIII.	And if by any means, device, or .contrivance whit-, foever, any perfon (hall open any (till head, or charge cock, or wafh pump, after the fame (hall have been locked and fecured as aforefaid, before the fame (hall have been opened by the officer of exeife, or (hall wilfully hurt or damage any fuch lock, or other fattening; every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence reflectively, forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

XIX.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall obftrud, hinder or op-pofe any of the faid officers, in the execution of any of the powers given to bim by this ad, the perfon or perfons offending therein (hall, for every fetch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

X*. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this ad, (hall be filed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, and forfeiture, is or maybe recovered or mitigated by any Uw oc laws of exeife, or by adion

772*] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 47.	117

f debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s ourts of record at tVefiminfter, or in the court of exchequer in 'cotland; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or orfeiture, (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and he other moiety to him or them who (hall difcover, inform, or ue for the fame.

XXf. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Perfoos mo-That if any perfon or perfons, (hall be fued, molefted, or pro- ***“• anf ecuted for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, [nj^rfuance uch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iflue, and 0t the aft to ;ive this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, in his or their plead the ge-iefence or defences; and if afterwards a verdift (hall pafs for the neral •®“e* lefendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall dif-xmtinue his or their aftion or aftions, or be non-foited, or udgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, on demur-•er or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have Treble reble cods awarded to him or them againft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVII,

An att to continue an aSl made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the ,	,	An
act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts, and for making provifion for difeharging bankrupts, in certain cafes, from their imprifonment.

WHEREAS the law hereafter mentioned bath, by experience. Preamble.

been found uftful and beneficial, and is mar expiring j may t therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be t enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with :he advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and romtnons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-hority of the fame, That an aft made in the fifth year of theAft5Ge0.il. •eign of his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled. An set to prevent the committing offrauds by bankrupts,) which was to :ontinue in force from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou-and (even hundred and thirty-two, for the fpace of three years, ind from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parlia-nent; and which, by feveral fubfequent afts, mad ' in the ninth Aft 9 i« ind (ixteenth years of his faid Majefty’s reign, was further con- Geo. H. inued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand even hundred and fifty; and by an aft made in the twenty- Aft*4Geo.II. ourth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, was amended md further continued until the firft day of September, one thou-‘and feven hundred and fifty-feven; and which, by two fubfc-juont afts, made in the thirty-firft year of bis faid late Majefty’s Aft jtGeo.If. eign, and the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and aft * was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, Geo.UL me thoufand feven hundred -and (eventy-one, and from thence 10 the end of the then next felfion of parliament; (hall be, and

the

fion.

All perfons againft whom commiffiofts

128	Anno duodecimo Georqh IIL 6,47.	[1772.

further conti- the fame is hereby farther continued, from the expiration there* nued until cf, untjj the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand fevcn and^untilYhe * hundred and feventy-five, and from theoce to the end of the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

following fef- II. And whereas many perfons againft whom a commiffion cf bankruptcy hath iffued 'are, neverthelefs, confined in prifon, though they have delivered up all their effefts; for relief theretore of fuch per-Tons, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every

__T_______ perfon or perfons, agrinft whom a commiffion of bankruptcy has

of bankruptcy been awarded and iflued, and who was or were in cuftody on or haVd*dCn d ^>c^ore twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hun-who wereUi dred an<* feventy-two, for any debt due before fuch refpective cuftody be- commiffions iffued, and who have, or (hall have, duly confonn-fbre March *5, ed themfelves to the feveral z&s of parliament relating to bank-d77*befodebhS ruPts» ^ are not> nor have been, committed by any warrant commiffions * *hc commiffioners in fuch refpedtive commiffion named, for were iffued, contumacy, or non-compliance with thofe laws, that it (hall and may be lawful for any one of the judges of the court wherein fuch procefs has iflued againft fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, on petition of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, to fumtnon his, her, or their plaintiff or plaintiffs to appear before him, to (hew caufe why fuch bankrupt fhould not be difeharged from his, her, or > their imprifoftment, (fuch bankrupt or bankrupts firft making oath that fuch debt or debts did accrue before the ifilling out on proof not fuch commiffion;) and fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs not appearing, edlo?thc?dUC"or *PP<*™g arK* not proving that fuch bankrupt or bankrupts having con- l*as or have concealed any of his, her, or their effects, or that cealed their he, (he, or they has or have not conformed him, her, or them-effetts, or of felves to the laws againft bankrupts, fuch judge (hall and may, their not hav- by warrant or other inftrument under his hand, difeharge him, togtheI|a<ws1Ca hcr> or them, from fuch his, her, or their imprifonment for any againft bank- debt or debts due before fuch commiffion iflued, and fuch bankrupts,	rupt or bankrupts (hall not be fubjedt or liable to be arrefted for

tobedifeharg-any dcbt or <jcbts due or contracted before fuch commiffion prifonment," IAhed; fubject neverthelefs, in every other refpedt, to the Jaws and all debts againft bankrupts: And all and every (heriff or (heriffs, bailiff due before the and officer, gaoler and keeper, are hereby required, on the de-commiffion of livery of fuch warrant or inftrument of difeharge to fuch (heriff iffued?1^^ or	bailiff,	or	other'officer,"	gaoler	or keeper, to difeharge

Sheriffs* bai- fuch bankrupt or bankrupts out of cuftody accordingly; and the; lifts, officers, are hereby declared and enacted to be indemnified from any fid fnderlini' afiion or actions that (hall or may be brought, commenced, or occafionedapCS profecuted againft him, or them, for any efcape or efcapes for hereby. or on account thereof.

Bankrupts a-	And whereas many bankrupts, from a fear of being arreftd

gain ft whom a tmd thrown under a long imprifonment, do abfeond and fecrcte them-commiffion felves from their homes, or go abroad into foreign parts, to the gnat batl\b.cc"a* diftrefs of their families, and the detriment of this kingdom; be it March *«, °rC ^urt^er enacted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch bankrupt *77*i	*	01 bankrupts, againft whom a commiffion of bankruptcy hath

been awarded and iffued on or before the faid twenty-fifth day

o£

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 48.	129

of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, who hath or have regularly fubmitted to the fame, and juftly con- anj who have formed him, her, or themfelves, to the feveral ftatutes now in juftly con-force concerning bankrupts, and who (hall be hereafter arrefted formed to the and held to bail, or taken in execution for any debt or debts due	1

and accruing before the date or dates of fuch refpe&ive commif- cerning baik-(ions, (hall and may, after the expiration of forty days from the rupts, and time of fuch arreft, in like manner, petition any one of the who {hail be judges of the court wherein fuch proccfs has iffued $ and fuch for**~ judge is hereby authorifed and required to difcharge fuch bank- debts, rupt or bankrupts in like manner, and on the like terms and may, by peti-conditions as are aforefaid, and directed; and if fuch bankrupt tion, be dif-or bankrupts (hall be afterwards arrefted for any other debt or debts alfo accruing before fuch refpe&ive commiffions iffued, any judge of the court wherein fuch procefs iffued (hall, upon fummons of the proper party or parties, immediately difcharge • • fuch bankrupt or bankrupts from fuch arreft; ncverthelefs fuch bankrupt or bankrupts to be fubje&, in all other refpe&s, to the laws relating to bankrupts, as aforefaid.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for the more effeftual preventing offrauds in tbe fiamp	, , *

duties, upon vellum, parchment, paper, and cards.

FO R the more effeftual prevention of feveral frauds, whereby Preamble#;

his Majejlfs duties, granted by feveral afts of parliament in that behalf \ on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, have been very much dimini/bed, the penalties thereon preferibed being found infuffi-eient to deter offenders \ be it ena&ea by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon Aftcr u or perfons, at any time after the firft day of Augujl, one thou- i77*, perfons fand feven hundred and feventy-two, (hall write or engrofs, or committing caufe to be written or engroffed, either the whole, or any part	"el-

of any writ, mandate, bond, affidavit, or other writing, matter, or thing whatfoever, in refpe& whereof any duty is or (hall be * payable by any a& or alts made, or to be made, in that behalf, on the whole, or any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon there (hall have been before written fny other writ, bond, mandate, affidavit, or other matter or thing, in re-fpell whereof any duty was or (hall be payable as aforefaid, before fuch vellum, parchment, or paper, (hall have been again marked or ftamped, according to the laid alts; or (hall fraudulently erafe or ferape out, or caufe to be erafed or feraped out, the name or names of any perfon or perfons, or any fum, date, or other thing, written in fuch writ, mandate, affidavit, bond, or other writing, matter or thing, as aforefaid \ or fraudulently cut, tear, or get off, any mark or (lamp, in refpeH whereof, or / whereby, any duties are or (hall be payable, or denoted to be paid or payable as aforefaid, from any piece of vellum, parch-Vol. XXX.	K	ment,	*

W be deemed . guilty of felony * and, on convi&ion, to be tranfport-. ed.

* And if they break prifon, on return within the 1L-mitted time, to fuffcr death.

Perfons difco-vering offenders, inti* tied to his Majesty’s pardon.

Anno duodecimo GeoRGII III. c. 49.	[17

ment, paper, playing cards, outfide paper of any parcel or pi of playing cards, or any part thereof, with intent to ufe fa. (lamp or mark for any other writing, matter, or thing, in : fped whereof any fuch duty is or thall be payable, or deoz to be paid or payable as aforefaid ; then, fo often, and in ev: fuch cafe, every perfon fo offending, in any of the partial before mentioned, and every perfon knowingly and wilfully z. ing, abetting, or aflifting any perfon or perfons to commit a: fuch offence or offences as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and ex ffrued to be guilty of felony, and, being thereof convs&ed 1 due courfe of law, (hall be tranfported to fome of his Majdh plantations beyond the Teas, for a term not exceeding feven yer according to the laws in force for the tranfportation of fete-And if any fuch perfon or perfons fo convided or tranfpc^ lhall voluntarily efcape or break prifon, or return from tranipc tation before the expiration of the time for which he, (he. -they (hall be fo tranfported as aforefaid, fuch perfon or peris being thereof lawfully convided, (hall fuffer death as a feh. without benefit cf clergy, and (hall be tried for fuch felony: the county where he, (he, or they (hall be apprehended.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Thai any perfon or perfons (hall, after the faid firft day of Augtef^eyi thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, commit any of tb offences aforefaid, and afterwards, being out of prifon, difcorc one or more perfons who (hall, (ince that time, have comniioe: any of the offences aforefaid, fo as fuch perfon or perfons & covered (hall be convi&ed of fuch offence or offences, he, &. or they, fo difeovering, (hall have and be intitled to his Ah jelly’s gracious pardon for all fuch offences by him or her committed at any time or times before fuch difeovery made.

CAP. XL1X.

An all to explain and amend an afly made in the feventbjw of the reign of his prefent Majefty^ intituled, An ad fa altering the (lamp duties upon policies of aflurance; aai for reducing the allowance to be made in refpedfc of dr prompt payment of the (lamp-duties on licences for retailing beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors \ and fir explaining and amending feveral a£ts of parliament ft lating to hackney coaches and chairs \ fo far as the fm relates to hackney coaches.

Preamble. \Ji7 HEREAS by an aSt of parliament, paffed in the fever: Aft 7 Geo. III. ▼ V year of the reign of his prefent Majefty* intituled, An ad fa altering the (lamp-duties upon policies of aflurance; and for ft during the allowance to be made in refped of the prompt payment of the (I )mp-duties on licences for retailing beer, ale, ajie . other excifeable liquors; and for explaining and amending feveral ads of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs;;? ist among/l other things, ena8ed> That from and after the firf day 4

Augufi,

#

772.] Anno duodecimo GSoRCil Tit. c* 49J	ijl

uguft, Mr thoufani ftven hundred and fvety-feyen, every coacbmarii

med by the eommijfioners for regulating and iicenfmg hackney coach-

,plying for hire within the city of London or Weftmin(ter, Jbould

r obliged and compellable, on every day of the week, at feafonable

miy to go any where, within the iiftance of ten miles from the city

f London or Weft minder* and in cafe oj refufal fo to do, Jbould be

able to the like penalty or puni/bment as might by law then be inflifted

1 cafes of refufal to carry for hire by licenced hackney coachmen: And

ibereas a doubt has arifen, whether coachmen licenced by the faid com*

njjioners, and who ply out of the faid cities, are hy law obliged, on

very day of the week, at feafonable times, to go any where within the

if ante of ten miles from the faid cities * may it therefore pleafe

our Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enabled by the

Cing’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-

cm of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this

irefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame,*	,

That the faid recited claufe in the faid afl, and all the powers

ind authorities thereby granted, (hall, from the time of paffing per^" i„

bis adt, be deemed, conftrued, and taken to extend to all and London and

.‘very perfon and perfons fo licenced, who (hall ply for hire, as Weftminfter.

well within the weekly bills of mortality and the (uburbs of the

laid cities of London or IVeflminJler, as within the faid relpedive

:>ties.

II. And whereas a great number of perfons, licenced by the faid ConwbHtewi-mmiffmers to vfe and keep for hire hackney coaches, regularly ufe «rtnot tofino nd employ the fame as JIated Jlages to and from different towns and any ftiU slam in the neighbourhood of the cities ^London and Weftminfter, coach icotc/ md the borough of Southwark, which is of great publick utility and or driven convenience, feme of which towns and places are within, and others without the weekly bills of mortality: And whereas a doubt has arifen whether by the laws now in force relating to hackney coaches, fetch persons being licenced in the ufual and general form, are not compellable to do the ordinary work of hackney coaches, and to carry fares for hire, f0 any parts or places within the cities of London or Weftminfter, ir within the dijlance of ten miles thereof, which would be attended not only with great inconvenience to the inhabitants of fetch towns and elates, but might olfo be a great leffening to bis majeflfs revenue sriftng from hackney coaches * be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the palling of this adt, the faid commiftioners for Iicenfing and regulating hackney coaches* any other perfon or perfons having authority to put any of the laws m execution concerning licenced hackney coachmen, their renters, or their drivers, (hall not be compelled or compellable lo fine or puni(h any licenced hackney coachman, his renter or driver, for refufing to carry a fare out of the ordinary courfe of bis ftage-work or duty, who (hall regularly ufe and employ his coach, fo licenced, as a ftage coach to and from any of the towns or places in the neighbourhood of the faid dries of London and IVtfeminfeer * and who fhall alfo, by painting in legible characters on the door of fuch coach, or by a board, to be painted in legible charadters, and affixed on the door of every fucb coach,

XI	plainly

132	Anno	duodecimo Georgii III. C. 50.	[1771

plainly denote and diftinguHh the lame to be a ftage coach to and from any fuch town or place; any thing in the above recited ad, or in any other ad relating to hackney coaches, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. L.

An a3 for encouraging the	of	f

ing the duty fay able upon the importation of oak . when the price of Jucb hark Jball exceed a certain r a limited time.

Preamble. \\f HERE AS the	of	leather	is of impirtmii

W the trade of this kingdom: And whereas oak bark bar if la rifen greatly in Us Prite, and the prefent duties upon the importait of foreign bark amounts to a total prohibition of the fame, mark pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority s' After June *5, the fame. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of in *77*» cuf- this prefent year, one thoufand feven hundred and (eventy-tva, by”ormer suft, all fubfidies, cuftoms, duties, and impofitions whatfoever ins-to	pofed, and now payable by virtue of any ad or ads of parlia-

ment on the importation of oak bark into Great Britain, toil ceafe, determine, and be no longer pud or payable.

Doty of id. II, And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That por mt. to be frotn an(] afier the faid twenty-fifth day of , there M be portarion of Pa‘d on t^ie importation of oak bark a duty of one jaenovia foreign bark.. each hundred weight of oak bark fo imported into this kingdom;

which (hall and may be railed, levied, colleded, and recovered . by fuch ways and means, and under fuch rules, regulations, penalties, ana forfeitures, as the duty for any goods or merchis-dife imported into Great Britain may be railed, levied, colleded, or recovered by any ad of parliament now in force, as fully mi effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral chutes, powers, diredions, penalties, and forfeitures relating therm, were particularly repeated and rc-eriaded in the body of is .prefent ad.

When the HI. Provided always. That at all times hereby, when tie price is under price of oak bark (hall be under ten pounds for the loads

lol.pvrload; hatch bark, containing forty-five hundred weight, delivered i rind** alftou huycrs warehoufes in the city of	or	within the wed-

’	*	ly bills of mortality, or when the pride of oak bark m the rids

mail be under two pounds ten (hillings for the load of rinds, containing thirty yards, when the fame are fet three rinds this with two Hurts and a cover, delivered at the buyers warehouis within the city of London; or weekly bills of mortality; then, ad no oak bark in either of thefe cafes, no oak bark whatfoever (hall be allow.' to ba import, to be imported into Great Britain, any thing in this ad, or act other ad of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further crafted, That if any perfon or cerfcns

gal

72.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.50.	133

all import, or caufe to be imported, any oak bark, when the Perfons im-ice of the load of hatch is in London, and within the weekly porting oak Us of mortality, delivered at the buyers warehoufes under the the price Is as ice of ten pounds per load of hatch, or when the price of the lift mention* ad of rinds ihall be under two pounds ten (hillings for the ed, (hail for-ad of rinds, when the fame are fet, and containing as afore- f«t the fame, id, delivered at the buyers warehoufes within the city of Lon- |£]ty each** ny or weekly bills of mortality, fuch oak bark fo imported load, all be forfeited, and the importer thereof (hall, over and above, rfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds for each load of hatch rinds fo imported j to be recovered and applied in manner rrein-after directed.

V. And, in order to afeertain the price of oak bark in London, To afeertaxa id within the weekly bills of mortality, be it enabled by the au- th.e P^ce ority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty-fifth day mor-Juney one thoufand feven hundred and feven:y-two, a regifter tahty, re-regifters (hall be kept by the clerk of the tanners company of giiters to be ,e prices at which oak bark is bought by all and every perfon *cPf by the

• perfons refiding in London, or within the weekly bills of mor- tinM^com-lity, or by any other perfon or perfons, for the ufe of any fuch pzaym :rfon or perfons.

VI.	And be it further enabled. That all and every perfon or Perfons pur. irfons who (hall have purchafed, or caufed to be purchafed, chafing five rc loads of hatch bark, each load containing forty-five hun-*ed weight, (hall, within ten days after fuch bargain or pur- days after the lafe, give, or caufe to be given in to the clerk of the tanners bargain, give impany, a note in writing, fpecifying the date of fuch bargain in to the laid ' purchafe, the name or names of the purchafer or purchafers,

,e name or names of the /eller or fellers, and their refpedtive aces of abode, and alfo the quantity of hatch fo purchafed, igether with the price paid, or to be paid for the fame, and tall deliver and pay to the clerk, with, every fuch note, one filling; and the clerk of the faid company (hall, within twen- t0 be entered i-four hours after receiving fuch note in writing as aforefaid, bv the faid iter the fame in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe;	^

id in cafe any tanner or other perfon or perfons refiding in ondon, or within the weekly bills of mortality, (hall purchafe ly oak bark in the rinds, or by any other mode or manner hatfoever, amounting in quantity to twenty loads of rinds, each ad containing thirty yards of rinds, when the fame are fet three nds thick as aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons fo purchafing tall, within ten days after fuch purchafe, give, or caufe to be * ven in to the clerk of the tanners company, a note in writing, ecifying the date of fuch bargain or purchafe, the name or lines of the purchafer or purchafers, and feller or fellers, and leir refpedive places of abode, and the quantity of rinds or bark purchafed by the load, each load containing thirty yards of nds, when the fame are fet three rinds thick as aforefaid, the rice paid or to be paid for the fame, together with the county which fuch bark^ was taken of the trees; and (hall alfo deliver and to pay id pay to the clerk, with every fuch note, the fum of one (hill- is. to the

*3

mg*

clerk.

* 34	Anno	duodecimo Georgii III. c. 50. f 177:

Jng; and the clerk of the faid company (hall, in like znacnr ’within twenty-four hours after receiving fuch note in verity as aforefaid, enter the fame in a book or books to be kept s ihe purpofe.

VII,	And be it further enadted. That fuch regifter and: gifters, book or books, fo to be kept as aforefaid, mall and b be infpeded* at all convenient times, by any perfon or perfc whatfoever, without any fee or reward to be demanded or tab for the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enadted. That when it fhall appa from the entries to be made as aforefaid, that the average pc of the hatjth bark does amount to ten pounds per load, each Js containing forty-five hundred weight, or that the average pc of rind bark does amount to two pounds ten fhillings per kj*. each load containing thirty yards of rinds when the lame arec three rinds thick as aforefaid, delivered at the buyers warehouc then, or in any of thefe cafes, it (hall and may be lawful forth: or more of the faid purchafers of hatch or rind bark as atos faid, withip the city of London, or weekly bills of mortality, 2:

to thHoixl ^ tlieY arc hereby required to certify to the lord mayor of the a? puyor, &c, Pf I'Otidoiti Of any two of the aldermen thereof, the average pm of the load pf hatch or rind bark, (each load refpedtivdj attaining as aforefaid,) for the fpace of one month preceding jisi the faid three or more purchafers (hall refpe&ively make oxt that thp note given in by them to the clerk of the tanners c®-pany, contain a true account of the price paid for the bark; aft the faid clerk of the tanners company (hall make oath of tbs truth pf his entries agreeable to the notes in writing fo deliverer

Regifter may

be infpc&ed without fee.

The average price for one month preceding the date of the pijrcbafc,

p«kd Hy him figned, and delivered to

the officer of jn t0 hJm a$ aforefaid, whereupon the faid mayor or aldenna who^all'pub- an(* *<7 are h®rcby required to (ign the lame, and toft-

\\(b rhe fame r— — ~ r~------------------*------------.i«	—- t-	 ,l—

in the Ga-astt^i * and then no more than

I 6\ ptr c<wff

to be demand ed.

On the firft Tuefdayor

the^W clejrk Jed in manner aforefaid^ the clerk of the faid tanners cotnpa:

•to certify to	'	— ------:f ‘----- —*L‘	-------- r'

the lord |n^yor9 See.

avgiags price.k

liver the fame, as foon as conveniently may be, to the collect!j or receiver of his Majesty’s cuftoms at the port of London, wb| (hall, and is hereby required to publith the fame in the L&ii\ Gazette^ from and after which publication, no more thane? penny per hundred weight fhall be demanded or taken by arr pfficer of bis Majefty?s cuftoms, or any other perfon whatfoo^ pn the importation of any.oak bark into Great Britain. 1

IX.	And be it further enacted, That on the firft Tnefisji ipvpry month, after the importation of oak bark (hall be pertr*

(hall, ip writing, certify upon oath to the lord mayor of ?h city of London, or any two of the aldermen thereof, the avcrapi

!>rice of oak bark by the load of hatch or rinds, each load * pe&ively containing as aforefaid; for which certificate the ki clerk (hall receive a fee of fix (hillings and eight-pence; and: from fuph certificate it (hall appear that the price of oak barkii under ten pounds the load of hatch, or that the price of rid bark is under two pounds ten findings the load, each load d to be f ened hatc^ anc* r*nd containing refpeftively as aforefaid, then the fad anclpublifficd certificate fhall be figned and tfanfmitted to the coljedlor of tfc in the Gazette, cuftoms as aforefaid, and (hall be publilhed in the next Lo*i\

■	Gaztti(	j

*35 ,

772*] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 50.

razetfe; from and after which publication no oak bark (halt e imported into*this kingdom till the price fh2ll amount to ten ounds per load of hatch bark, or to two pounds ten (hillings tr load of rind bark, each load containing refpeftively as afore-lid, and the importation thereof be again permitted in manner hove dire&ed. Provided always that no certificate to be pro- Provifo. uced to the lord mayor or aldermen as aforefaid (hall afFedt the mportation of oak bark, urilefs it (hall appear that the quantiles purchafed within the (pace of one month, and duly regifter-d as direded by this adt, (hall exceed one hundred loads of atch, or three hundred loads of rind bark, each load containing dpedttvely as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further enadied, That if any perfon or perfons f***" mrchafing bafrk within the limits aforefaid (hall negledt, for the-* notes^du^ pace of fourteen days, to give in a nore in writing to the clerk r*dted, to for* f the tanners company of his or their purchafe or purchafes, feit *ol. mrfuant to the directions of this adt, or (hall give in a falfe note, rr a note deficient in any of the particulars aforefaid, every per-on or perfons (hall, for every fuuh ofFence, forfeit the fum of wenty pounds; to be recovered and applied in manner herein iter directed: And if the clerk of the raid, tanners company perk negleft. h*ll refufe or tiegjedi, for the fpace of three days, to enter the to e,Jter -t aid note or notes, after the fame (hall be delivered to him as ,gCj* 10 or a iforefeid, he (hall, for every fuch ofFence, forfeit and pay the um of ten pounds; to be recovered and applied in manner here-n after directed.

XL Provided always. That if any perfon or perfons (hall bona J^er* f^C11 Iit give any order or orders for the importation of oak bark, timeTSlowed luring the time that fuch bark was allowed to be imported, on hereby to be ayment of the duty of one penny per hundred weight, but valid, which bark (hall not arrive till after the importation thereof was lopped in manner aforefaid, fuch oak bark (hall and may, (up->n lufficient proof bein| made to the colledtor of the cuftoms,

)y producing copies of the orders and affidavits to verify the ame, that the orders for fuch bark were given while the fame was allowed to be imported upon payment of the faid duty,) be entered and imported upon payment of the duty aforefaid.

XII. And be it further enadted. That if the faid lord mayor *-ord mayor,

>r aldermen (hall, within the fpace of ten days after fuch certi-

icate has been made and delivered as aforefaid, have reafon to amjneoffend-

'ufpedt, or if affidavit (hall be made before him or them that the era upon oath.

’aid certificate was not truly or bona fide made, or that the fame

toes not contain the true particulars of the bargains therein

pecificd; then, and in any fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for the

aid mayor or aldermen, and he or they are hereby required, to

ummon before him or them refpedVively any perfon or perfons,

and to examine them refpedtively upon oath, which oath the

laid mayor or aldermen are hereby authoriled to adminifter,

touching the rates and prices of oak bark, or any other matter

or thing contained in the faid certificate.

XIU. And be it further enabled. That if any perfon or per-

$ 4	ions

i3 6

Perfons guilty of perjury, liable to legal penalties.

Condemned bark, and all penalties in-ni&ed, recoverable by aftiorf of debt, &c,

and to belong to his Majesty.

A ft to conri-tine in force for five years*

Preamble. Aft 10 Geo. 3.

further continued till Sept, *9»i744. and to the end of the next fef-fion of parlia< meat.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 51.’	[1772.

fans (wearing to the certificates, or to the entries and notes as above diredtad, or who (hall be examined on oath, purfuant to the di reft ions of this aft, (hall wilfully forfwear him or hcrfclf, or themfelves, every fuch perfon or perions (hall be fubjed and liable to be profecuted as for perjury by indiftment or information by due courfe of law; and, if convifted, (hall be liable to the pains and penalties that perfons convifted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjeft and liable to.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That all fuch oak bark which (hall be feized and condemned in purfuance of this ad, and all penalties and forfeitures whatfoever by this aft inflided, (hall and may be fued for, profecuted, and recovered in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record at Weftminfter, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of his Majesty’s attorney-general, or in the name or names of the officer or officers of the excife or cuftoms, who (hall feize the faid oak bark; and one moiety of the clear produce arifing from the fale of all fuch goods, and of the penalties and forfeitures inflifted by this ad, after all charges dedufted, (hall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccelTors, and the other moiety thereof to the perfoa or perfons who (hall feife, inform, or profecute for the fame.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore&id, That this aft (hall continue and be in force for the term of years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffioa of parliament.

CAP. LL

An a8 far continuing an aSy made in the tenth year of tit reign of bis prefent Majefty, to prevent the further [prut* ing of the contagious diforder among the horned caitk « Great Britain.

WIEREAS an atf, made in the tenth year of the reign

prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft to prevent the further fpreading of the contagious diforder among the horned cattle in Great Britain), was to continue in force from the commememt thereof until the twenty-ninth day September, one thoufand frja hundred and feventy-one, and from thence to the end of the then sot feffton of parliament: and whereas fuch contagious diforder jlill pn* vails among the horned cattle in feveral parts of Europe; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the ' authority of the fame. That the faid aft (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, ad from thence to the then next feffion of parliament.

CAR

*37

1772.]	Anno duodecimo GeoRGIX III. C.$2,53;

CAP. LII.

An aft to enable the lords commijfioners of his Majefiy9s trea-fury to order and allow, out of the money arifing by the coinage duty, a certain fum therein mentioned,, for the expenses of profecuting offenders againft the laws relating to the coin, in the year one thoufand Jeven hundred and /evenly, over and above the fum yearly allowed for that fervict.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the fifteenth year of the reign ^/preamble.

his Majefiy King George the Second, (intituled, An act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the current coin of this kingdom, and the uttering or paying of falfe or counterfeit coin,) it is, (among/ other things) enafted, that the lord high treafurer, or the lords commifftoners of the treafury for the time being, /ball and may order and allow out of the monry arifing by the coinage duty, fuch fums of money for defraying the expences ofprefe-cuting offenders againft tne laws relating to the coin, as be or they /ball fee fit 1 provided the faid expences do not, in any one year, exceed the fum of fix hundred pounds: and whereas the expences veceffarity incurred in profecuting fuch offenders, in the year one thoujand /even hundred and feventy, amounted to the fum of one thoufand one hundred and thirty fix pounds, nineteen /hillings, and ten-pence, over agd above the faid fum of fix hundred pounds, yearly allowed for that fervice \ and as the law now Jlands the faid fum of one thoufand one hundred and thirty fix pounds, nineteen j,hillings and ten-pence, cannot he brought to account j may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted j and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That the commif- ^ordi of the fioners of his Majesty’s treafury, now or for the time being, treafury 10 or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time*H°" » bcifig, (hall and may, out of the money arifing by the coinagc"*^"^ duty, order and allow fuch further fum, not exceeding oneQf thoufand one hundred and thirty-fix pounds, nineteen (hillings dons in the and ten-pence, for the expences of the faid profecutions, in theywi77#. faid year one thoufand fevqn hundred and feventy, over and a-bove the faid fix hundred pounds, limited yearly; the faid recited aft, or any other law, ftatute, provifion, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LIII.

An aft to enable the lords of the treafury to difeharge the executors of lady Anne Jekyll from a debt due to bis Majefty, for the ufe of the Jinking fund, upon payment of the fame into the exchequer.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the twentieth year of the rrf^Preamble.

of his late Majefiy King George the Second, intituled. An aft to enable his Majesty to allow to the refiduary Legatees of iir Jofepb Jekyll knight, late matter of the rolls, deceafed, part

of

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 53;	[t772.:

of the legacy given by his will, to the ufe of the finking fond ; reciting, among/} otter things, That the faid fir Jofeph Jekyll, by his lafl wiU and tejlament, bad given his Eaft India and South Sea flock to his Majesty, his heirs and fiueceffors, kings or queens ^England, to be applied to the ufe of the finking fund\ in fuch manner as Jbould be direfted by aft of parliament; and that the Jmi fir Jofeph Jekyll had ftveral times exprejfed bis intention to make a competent provifton for the fupport of ftveral of bis relations, and, for that end and purpofe, bad deviled to them all the refidue of bis real and perfo-nal ejiate in manner therein mentioned, and that the value of the ejiate bequeathed to the faid legatees was Jo reduced, that ftveral of them would be expofed to indigence ana difirefsr unlefs jome relief were granted to them by parliament: and it was therefore enafted, That it Jbould and might be lawful for bis Majefty, bis heirs and fuccejfors, by warrant or order under his or their fign manual, to permit Jofeph Jekyll, (the executor of the will of the faid fir Jofeph Jekyll) bis executors, admimjlrators, or affigns, to fell fo much of the Eaft India , and South Sea flock, devifed as aforefaid, as vmld enable him or them to raife, for the benefit of the faid refiduary legatees, the fum of thirteen thoufand five hundred and eighty-two pounds, nine /hillings, and two-pence, to be applied by him or them in the fame manner as the real and perfonal ejiate of the faid fir Jofeph jekyll was by bis faid will direfted to be applied: and whereas, in purfuance of the faid recited aft, his late Majefty did, by warrant or order under bis fign manual, impower the faid Jofeph Jekyll to fill the Jaid South Sea Jiock and Eaft In&xz fiock, and to apply thirteen thoufand five hundred and eighty-two pounds, nine jhillings, and two-pence, part of the money arifing by fate of the faid fiocks, for the benefit of the refiduary legatees of the faidfir Jofeph Jekyll, in the fame manner as his real and pcrjonal ejiate were by his faid will direfted to be applied; and the remainder, arifing by fuch foie, into the exchequer purfuant to the faid wiU, to be applied to the fame ufes as the finking fund was applicable; and thereupon the fold Jofeph Jekyll, foon afterwards, at feveral times within the month of October, in the year one thoufand fiven hundred and for tyfeven, did fell ten thoufand pounds Eaft India Jiock, then Jlanaing in the name of fir Jofeph Jekyll, at feveral prices, amounting together (after a deduftion of commiffion and the charges of the feveral transfers) to the fum of fifteen thoufand eight hundred and feventy-two pounds, fourteen Jhillings, the furphis whereof, after dedufting the faid fum of thirteen thoufand five hundred aud eighty* two pounds, nine Jhillings and two-pence, being the fum of two thoufand two hundred and ninety pounds, four ftnllings, and ten-pence, ought to have been paid into the receipt of the exchequer, purfuant to the dire ft ions contained in the Jaid fign manual: aud whereas the faid Jofeph Jekyll afterwards, namely on or about the fiventeenth day ^November, one thoufand feven hundred and fif y-iwo, departed this life, and lady Anne Jekyll, widow, and adminiflratrtx, with the tefiamentary fchedule annexed of the faid Jofeph Jekyll, is fence deceafed, after making her lafi will and tefla-rrent, but without having paid the faid furplus, or any part thereof, into the exchequer, and the fame fill remains due and unpaid: and

4	yahewt

x 772-1 Anno duodecimo GeoRGH III. C. 54**	*39

t vhtreasthe executors of the will of	the faid lady Anne Jekyll are de-

sirous, and have propofed to the tommi/foners of,bis MajeJWs to pay into the receipt of the exchequer the faid fum of two tboufand two hundred and ninety pounds, four /billings, and	in

Jatisfa&ion for the faid	furplus remaining unpaid as	; but

doults having arifen, whether the faid eornmiffioners of the treafury have fufficient power and authority to grant the faid executors a full difebarge and exoneration upon payment	of the faid fum of two thou-

Jand two hundred and ninety pounds, fiur /billings, and ten-pence : therefore, we your	Majefty*s mojl dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the com-

mons of Great Britain, in parliament a/ftmbled, do moft humbly befeech your moft excellent Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in .this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for Lords of the the eornmiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more treafury im-©f them now being, or the lord high treafurer, or any three or	*°

more of the eornmiffioners of the treafury for the time being, and be or they are herebyauthorifed and impowered, by his or jejcyll to pay7 their warrant, to dired the faid executors or reprefentatives of»t$ol +*•*«!• the laid lady Anne Jehyll to pay into the receipt of his Majesty’sto d*«*cbe-cxchequer the faid fum of two tboufand two hundred and nine- «^Ued>to the ty pounds, four (hillings, and ten-pence, to be applied to the finking fund, fame ufes and purpofes as the finking fond is applicable, purfu- and to exoae-ant to the feveral ads of parliament for difpofition of the fame;Mte the and upon fuch payment, entirely to acquit, exonerate, and dif-executor*’ charge the faid executors, of and from all claims and demands for or on account of the faid furplus, and all and every part thereof, and they (hall be acquitted, exonerated, and difeharged againft bis Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, for and touching the payment of the faid furplus, and from all claims and demands whatfoever in refped of the fame; any thing in the faid recited ad, or any other ad or ads of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LIV.

An	afifor the more ejfe finally fettering a quantity of oak tim-

ber for the ufe of the royal navy.

WHEREAS	the tonnage of the flaps employed, and of thofe now preamble.

building,in order to be employed in the fervice of the united company of merchants in England, trading to the Eaft Indies, doth greatly exceed the tonnage of/hipping	requtfit to carry on the trade of

the faid united company to and from the Eaft Indies: and whereas the building any more /hipsfor the fervice of the faid united until thofe which are now	employed,or building to be employed as

forefaid,/ball be reduced in tonnage to the quantity requiftte for carrying on the faid trade, will	oceafton an umeteffary confumptton of oak

timber, ft for building large fbips; for remedy whereof, and for the more eftcdually fecuring a quantity of oak timber of a proper growth for the ufe of the royal navy; be it enaded by the

Anno duodecimo GeoRGH III. c. 54«	[1772.

King's moft excellent majefty* by and with 1 fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and

After March i*,i77», the Eaft India

now building excepted), •

till the tonnage be reduced to 45,000 tons.

the advice and con-commons, in this

prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the eighteenth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, the faid united company of merchants trading to the Eqft Indies, or -37 any perfon or perfons employed by the laid company, or any of (hi^(thofe their diredors, or any of them, (hall not build, or begin to bijild, or caufe any perfon or perfons whatfoever to build, or begin to build, any new (hip (except thofe now building), for the fervice of the faid united company, until the tonnage of all the (hips employed or to be employed in the trade of the laid company, on freight to and from the Eaft Indies, (hall be reduced to forty-five thoufand tons, builders meafurement, on pain that the faid company, and every other perfoo and perfons fo offending (hall, for every (hip which (hall be built, or begun to be hpilt, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, forfeit and pay the fum of five thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; one moiety whereof (hall be for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof, together with full cods of fuit, for the ufe of fuch perfon or per-Ions who (hall fue for the fame, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weft-minfter, wherein no cflbin, pro ted ion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

ThcEaftlndia And ^ father enaded by the authority aforefaid. That company not ^om anc* a^ter ^e faid eighteenth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, until the tonnage of all the (hips employed, or to be employed, in the fervice of the faid united company trading to the Eaft Indies, on freight to and from the Eaft indies, (h5l be reduced to forty-five thoufand tons, builders meafurement, ttie faid pnited united company, or any perfon or perfons employed by the faid company, or any of their diredors, or any of them, (hall not in any manner whatfoever charter, contradfor, or hire any (hip for the ufe of the faid company, unlefs fuch (hip (hall have been built, or begun to be on penalty of built, on or before the faid eighteenth day of March, one thou-50001. for fend feven hundred and feventy-two, on pain that the faid coin-each offence. pany^ and every other perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for every (hip which (hall be fo chartered, contraded for, or hired as lad mentioned, forfeit and pay the fum of five thoufand pounds of like lawful money; one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof, together with full cofts of fuit, to the ufe of the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame; to be recovered in manner aforefaid.	*

ttbefto6011'	Provided	neverthelefs,	and	be	it further enaded by the

hibittheEaft* authority aforefaid. That nothing herein-before contained (hall India compa- be deemed, or conftrued to extend, to prohibit the faid united ny to build company from building, contrading for, or hiring, from rime cc3oniwtbC t0 t^mCj	tb*	continuance	of	this	ad,	any	(hip	or	(hips

Intodial*	2	what*

to charter or hire (hips, unlefs built before March 1771.

/

14*

377*’ Anno duodecimo GeoRGH III. c.55. whatsoever, in India, or in any of his Majesty’s colonies in A-merica, for their ufe or fervice; or from building, contracting for, or hiring within this kingdom, during tlte continuance of this aft, any Ship or (hips, not exceeding fix in number in the whole, nor in burthen three hundred tons refpeCtivdy, to be employed as packets, or advice boats, in the Said united company's fervice; and that all fuch laft-mentioned Ships which Shall be built in India, at in any of his Majesty’s colonies in A-meriea. Shall be, to all intents and purpofes, considered and deemed to beBritijb-bwk Ships; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by die authority aforefaid. That Pf'‘ronlfrft where any perfon (hall be fued by aftion of debt for any pecu- 0fatbt, the* niary forfeiture or penalty impoled by this aft, it Shall be fuffi- aa to be cient for the plaintiff in fuch aftion to declare that the defendant given in evi-is indebted to him in the fom of five tboufand pounds, being dcnce. forfeited by an aft paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of'his

prerent Majefty, For tbt more effeCluaHy /tearing a quantity of oak timber for the ufe of the royal navy.

V.	And be it farther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Limitation of if any aftion or fuit Shall be commenced againft any perSbn or a£lion*’ perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, or of any

matter or thing herein contained, fuch aft or fuit Shall be commenced within the Space of Six months next after the (aft committed, and not afterwards; and Shall be laid in the county or place where the caufe of aftion Shall arife; and fuch perfon or perfims Shall and may plead the general iUbe, and give this aft. General iffiw, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial thereupon, for bis and their defence; and if upon fuch trial a verdift dial I pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs Shall become nonfuifed, or discontinue his or their aftion or fuit, or if judgement be given for the defendant or defendants upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants Shall ~ have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft the plaintiff or TrebJ*«*t*. plaintiffs.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, PubUik That this aft Shall be deemed and allowed to be a pubKck aft,

and be judicially taken notice of as foch by all judges, juftlces, and other perlons, without Specially pleading the fame.

CAP. LV.

An afitfar preventing frauds and alufes, in relation to the trade tarried on between Great Britain and Ireland.

’1T7HEREAS by an aS of parliament, made in the twelfth year Preamble.

V V of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled. An aft Aft u Car. e. for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and navigation), no goods or commodities, the growth, product or of Africa, Afia, or ApieriCa, can be imported into this kingdom, from any other plate or plates,nutitry or	countries, but only front thofe of

thefaid growth, production, 1or manufacture,or from	ports where

fuch

former atts, lhall be exported.

Merchants entering goods for exultation to

.142	Anno duodecimo Georgix III. c. 55.'	[1772;

fuch goods can only, or an, or have ufually bun firfi flipped fa transportation: and whereas, notwitbjtanding the /aid recited afl} runty jugary coffeoy imd other American and Afiatic goods have ban entered outwards for exportation in the kingdom of Ireland, to be imported into Great Britain, and have been♦ clandeftinely and illegal) landed in this kingdomy contrary to the find rented aft, to the put prejudice of the revenue of cuftomSy and the detriment ofthefair trader: for remedy whereof, may it therefore pleafeyour Majefty tint it may be enadted ; and be it enadted bv the King** moft excellent majefty, by and with' the advice ana content of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament at fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after After July 5, the fifth day 01 Julyy one thoufand feven hundred and feventy. J771* n*LTum'two* no rum> fiigar, coffee, or any other goods wharibeier, prohibited *hich are prohibited to be imported from Ireland info Great Bri-from Ireland, ta*n* or which are liable to forfeiture upon being fo imported, to Britain by ’ by any aft or adts of parliament made in this kingdom, (hall be exported or entered for exportation from Ireland to Great Briton-, nor (hall any cocket or clearance be granted in Ireland for the exportation of fuch goods to Great Britain any cuftom or ufageto the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-faid. That if any merchant, or other perfon, (hall enter any fuch goods for exportation to any foreign ports, or other pin Foreign ports, whatsoever, and fuch good* Audi, neverthekfs, be carried to and landing ’	Great Britain,and landed there, contrary to the true intern rod

themmBn- meaning of this ad; that then, and in every fuch cafe, the fcifth^d for" drawback paid, or to be paid, for the lame (hall be forfeited; wif.8 nW~ and the exporter of fuch goods, and the matter of the (hip or vettel on board which the fame were loaden and exported, tod every perfon concerned or affifting in the exportationor landing of the faid goods, whether any drawback has been or is to be and treble the paid for the fame or not, (hall forfeit treble the value of the bid w*(h goods, and the (hip or vettel, on board which fuch goods me mppareL' laden and exported, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, * fhall alfo be forfeited; and (hall and may he feized and profe-cuted by any officer of the cuftotns in Great Britain or and the feveral penalties and forfeitures herein -before tnentkn-ed (hall and may be fued for and recovered in fuch and the like manner as any forfeiture incurred by any law of the revenue . may be fued for and recovered in the kingdom of Great Brim or Ireland refpedtively; one moiety of which penalties and for-Forfcituret fe*tures> (after deducing the charges of profecutioo), (hall be to recoverable ,*le ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccettors, and the other by any law of moiety to fuch officer of the cuftoms as (hall fue and profecute the revenue, for the fame.

The exporter, HI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefeid, Ik. to obtain That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand ft-•drawback, Ven hundred and feventy-two, the exporter or perfon having the upon' tbede- direction of the voyage, and the matter or perfon having the Mature, &c.* charge or command of the (hip or vettel on board which, ant

gooti

x 7720 Anno duodecimo Georoii III. c. 55.	-143

goods (hall be entered for exportation to foreign parts, in order to obtain a drawback thereon, (hall fwear upon the debenture that the faid goods are really and bqnaintended to be exported to the port or place mentioned in the entry, and to no other ; and that no part thereof is relanded, or intended to be relanded in any part of	Ireland, or in Great	Bror the Jfie of Alan,

or the iflands of Faro, or Ferro; nor to be tcanthipped.or pot on board any (hip or vefiel, unlefs in cafe of real diftrefe, to hive the faid goods from perifhing.

IV. And, for the better	presenting fraudt in relanding in Ireland Ho drawback

any goods	which art intitled to	a drawback or bounty on exportation *? be allowed,

from tbenct to this kingdom, be it further enaded by the authori- dlUeertift. ty aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, one than-fand feven hundred and feventy-two, no drawback or bounty coUedor, See. fhall be allowed or paid for any goods exported or entered for exportation from	Ireland to Great Britanuntil a certificate (hall

be produced under the hands and (cals of office of the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms for the port where fuch goods (hall be landed in Great Britain, te-flifying the landing thereof; which certificate (hall alfo exprefs the exalt weight, meafure, or quantity of the goods fo landed, with the number and marks of the calks, bales, or other packages, in which fuch goods (hall be contained.

V.	And the better to prevent the clandejline importing and -ing of foreign brandy, rum, Jirong waters, or other faints in fmall vejfels, which hover upon the coafis 0/Ireland, be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid, That from and after the twenty-

ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and (even- Clandestine ty-two, if any rum or (pints of the growth, produce, or manu- importing of failure of the Britijb colonies or plantations in America (hall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Ireland, either from bow to be * the faid colonies or plantations, or from Great	,	in	any	prevented,

(hip or vefiel whatsoever under the burthen of (eventy tons; or if any foreign brandy, flrong waters, or other fpirits, (hall, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-two, be imported or brought from any other port or place whatfoever, in foreign parts, into the hid kingdom of Ireland, in any (hip or vefiel. under the burthen of one hundred tons, except only for the ufc of the feamen then belonging to and on board fuch (hips or vefiels refpdtively, not exceeding two gallons for each fuch feamen, every fuch (hip or vefiel, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, and alfo all fuch brandy, ruin, flrong' waters, or other fpirits, (hall, in each and every fuch cafe, be forfeited; and (hall and may be feized by any of- , ficer or officers of the revenue in Ireland, and profecuted, tried, determined, recovered, and difpofed of, in fuch and the like manner as any forfeitures incurred by the laws now in force in the faid kingdom of Ireland againft the running, or intending to run, goods into that kingdom, may, by any alt or alts of parliament now in force in that kingdom, be profecuted, tried, determined, recovered, and difpofed of,

VI.	And

144	Anno	duodecimo	GeoRGH III. C. 56.	[1772.

General ifloe. VI. And be it further enaded by the authority afotefaid, That if any adion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any per. ion or perions for any thing done in purfuance of this a&, the defendant or defendants, in fuch adion or fuit, may plead the general iffue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame ns done in purfuance and by the authority of tins ad} and if it {hall appear fb to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited,er difeontinue his adion after the defendant or defendants fall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdid or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants Treble cofls. ^hafl recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the hoc as defendant* have m other cafes by law.

CAP. LVI.

jtn ail to continue feverallaws relating to the allowance tpo the exportation of Britifh-made	to the	gnmq

further encouragement for the importation of naval Jim from the Britifh colonies in America; to the further «• couraging the manufacture of Britiih fail cloth *, and is ■■	the duties payable on foreign fail cloth; to the gratify s

liberty to carry fugars	produce,	or	mm-

failure of arty of bis Majtfiy's fugar	direfllj	Iris

foreign parts*, in Jhips built in Great Britain, and m-gated according to low, to the free importation cf . from Ireland *, and to the regulating the fees of officers the cuftoms, and naval officers in America.

Preamble.	T XT’HE RE AS the laws	mentioned	hoot,	bj

V V true, been found uftful and beneficial, and are near expiras; •may it therefore pleafe your Maiefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadod by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and oonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and -commons, in tihis prefent parliament alfembled, and by them-thdrity of the feme. That an ad made in the fourth year of tlx Aft 4. Geo*, reign of his late majefty King	die	Second,	intituled,	A

•08	for granting an allowance upon the exportation q/'Britiih

powder, which was to continue in fence for five years, from tlx •	twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufend feven- hundred and

_	thirty-one, and from thence to the end of the then next feffis

wTand’ti’ parliament i and which, by feveral fubfequent ads, made in Geo.*, and <fhe tenth, fixteenth, twenty-fourth, and the thirty-firft years a a£t 4. Geo. j. -his (aid Majefty’s reign, and the fourth year of his prefent Ms :jefty,s roign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth dir continued till .of September, one thoufend feven hundred and feventy-one,a«l Sept. *9,1778, {rom thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, of the thenD<1	^e,	and	the	fame is hereby further continued, from tlx

next <Wfr?n, expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth -day of	,

‘	thou-

I772-]	A11110	duodecimo	Georgii	III. £.56.	145

thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eighf, and from thence id the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

II.	And be It further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Aft*

That for much of an aft, made in the eighth year of the reign

of King George the Firft, intituled, An att for giving further eft-touragemertt for the importation of naval fores, and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned, as relates to the importation of wood and	^

timber, and of the goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty’s Brilijb plantations or colonics in America, free froth -all cuftoms and impofi-tions whatfoever, which was to be in force for twenty-one years; from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven handled and twenty-two, and which by feveral fubfequent afts made in the fixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-firft years of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, and the fourth year and if, k of his prefent Majefty’s reign; was further continued until the 31 Geo.*.and twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and 4	3*

feventy-one, and from thence to the end of the then next fefliuri further con-of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is^hereby further conti- tinued till • nued from the expiration thereof, until :the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, ^	*	*

and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of par- then next liament.	feffion.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefeid;

That ah aft, made in the ninth year of the reign of hi$ late Majefty King George the Second, intituled,1 An act for further eft- Aft 9 Geo. >• caur aging and regulating the* manufacture fl/'Britifh fail clothy and

for the more effectually fe curing the duties now payable on foreign fail cloth imported into tbit kingdom, which was to continue in forefc from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hunj-dred and thirty-fix, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which, by feveral fubfequent afts, made in the thirteenth, twentyr Afti 13,14, fourth, and thirty-firft years of his faid Majcfty’s reign, and the and 31 Geo**, fourth year of his prefent Majeftv's reign, was further continu- and 4 Geo. j. ed until the twenty-ninth day 01 September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and furtfiereon-feventy-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next fef- t,n ^ Hon of parliament.	Seft..,,,**.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George\he Second, intituled. An aCl for granting Aft it Geo. a. a liberty to carry fugars, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of

any of hit Majefty $ fugar colonies in America, from the faid colonies direflly to foreign parts, in fbips built in Great Britain, and navigated UJ cfor ding to law, which was to continue in force for five years, from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand leven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the end of V ol. XXX.	L	the

146	Anno	duodecimo	GEoRGU	111.	C.	56.	[1772.

the then next feffion of parliament; and which, by fcveral fub-and attt 17, fequent ads, made in the feventeenth, twenty-fourth, and and ji thirty-firft years of his faid Majefty’s reign, and the fourth year aft+Gcoft. h‘s prdent Majefty’s reign, was farther continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-one, and from thence to the end of the then next ki-conti ed till^on °‘ Parhainent, fhall be, and the fame is hereby further con* Sept. *9,17 78, dnued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day and to the end of September,one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, of the then and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of par* ■ext feffion. foment. _	^	•

V.	And be it farther enabled by the authority aforefaid, That A„ _ an adt, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prcfent Majefty, further con-* int*tuled. An all to permit the free importation of tattle from Ireland, tinned as a- which was to continue in force for feven years, ana from than bore men* to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, fhall be, and tioned. the fame is hereby farther continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thou&nd feven hundred and feventy-eight, and from thence to the end of tly then next feffion of parliament.

ACt roGeo. j. VI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of an adt, made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An all for	much if	a

all,	made in the third year of bis prefent	reign,

An adk to continue and amend two adts, made in the twenty* firft and twenty-eighth years of his late Majefty’s reign, for encouraging the making of indico in the	plantations	in

merita j and for extending the provisions of an adt of the thirtieth year of his late Majefty’s reign, with refpedt to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanijb prize goods taka Since the late declaration of war with Spain, as relates to the encouraging the making of indico in the Britijb plantations in J-hter/td, and for explaining fo much of an adt, made in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as relates to the regulating the fees of the officers of the cuftoms in	, and for ex-

tending the fame to the naval officers there, as relates to the faid adt of the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, ad which was to continue in force from the fim day of Augufi, on thoufand feven hundred and feventy, for the term of two years, .	and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parti-

tioned till ment, fhall be, and the fame is hereby farther continued from £wg. 1, »77+- the expiration thereof, until the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand -feven hundred and feventy-four, and from thence to the cod of the then next feffion of parliament.

CA9

147

x 77^0 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 57.

CAP. LVII. '

An all to explain and amend fo much of an all, made in the twenty fixtbyear of the reign of bis lateMajefly King G eorge the Second, as relates to the eftablifbment of lazarets,

WHEREAS by an alt, made in the twenty-fixtb year of tie preamble.

reign of bis late Majejly King George the Second, (intituled,

An aft to oblige (hips more effectually to perforin their quaran- ^ *4Gt0,*t tine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the* ifles of Guemfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man) it is, (amongft other things) ena&ed. That whenever his Majejly, bis heirs and Juccejfors, by aniwith the advice and confent of parliament, Jhalldireli boufes or lazarets to be provided for the receiving and entertaining of perfons obliged to perform quarantine, or for the depofiting, opening, and airing ojf goods and merchandifes liable as aforejaid; it /ball and may be lawful to erelt the fame in fucb places, for fitch time as his Majejly Ihall judge netejfary, for the purpofes aforefaid, payinghuh rate, rent, or other confederation, as )hall be agreed upon, or ajjeffed and adjudged, in fucb manner as therein prejcribed in that behalf: and whereas in the fifth year of the reign of bis prefint Majejly a fium ^	-

was granted by parliament, not exceeding five tboufand pounds, to-	#	1

wards building a lazaret, but doubts have arifen, whether his Majejly is fujficiently enabled, by the powers in the fetid recited alt contained, to contrail and agree for the abfolute purchafe of lands, mef-fuages, tenements, and hereditament>, to be fettled unalienably in the crown, for the purpofe of making, ertiling, and ejlablijbing fuch lazarets \ be it therefore enafted by the King’s 010ft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affcm-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lords commilQoners of his Majesty1* Lords of the treafury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of treafury to them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, on the be- purchafe any ^ half of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, from time to time, vcn1ent?y fitu-and at all times hereafter, to treat, contract, and agree for the ated, for the abfolute purchafe or fale, releafe, or furrender, to or for the ufe purpofe of the of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, of any eftate or eftates of inheritance, in any lands, meffuages, tenements, and hereditaments, which they (hall judge to be by their (ituation, and in other refpefts, convenient and fit for the purpofes intended by this aft, with the owner and owners of fuch rcfpeftive eftate or eftates of inheritance, for ftich fum or fums of money, or upon fuch other terms or conditions as they (hall think fitting; and that upon the executing of fuch contracts or agreements, by or on the behalf of fuch owner or owners as aforefaid, or upon executing fuch other conveyances, aflignments, releafes, or furrenders, as in fuch contraft or contrafts (hall be agreed on for that purpofe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commUfioners of the treafury now or for the time being, or •	~	t *	any



and fo order payment to be made for fuch pnrchafe.

The meflu-ages fo to be purchafed to be verted in the crown} for eroding a lwuct*

Receipts of perfons authored to receive the purebaie mo-siev. to be a Sufficient dif-charge to his Majelty.

Price bf fuch premifes may be fettled by a jury at the general quar* ur-fcfiions.

Anno duodecimo GeoRgii lit. c.57.	[1772,

any three or more of them, of the lord high treafurer for the time being, and they are hereby impowered to order and dire# the payment of the laid fum of five thoufand pounds; and like-wife, in cafe that fum (hall no be Aifhcient, then by and out of any monies arifen, or to arife to hi* Majefty, hi* heirs or fuc-ceffors, of or for any cuftoms, Aibfidies, impofitions, or other duties iipon the importation or exportation of anv goods or merchandifes whatfoever, already granted or payable, or here-1 after to be granted or payable to bis Majefty, Bis heirs or fix-ceffors, in Great Britain, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, to order and direft the payment of fuch fum or fums of money, from time to time, as (hall be fo contracted or agreed on tor fuch purchafe or purchafes, to fuch perfon or penons as, according to the terms of fuch contrails or agreements, (hall be intitkd to have and receive the fame.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority afore(aid,Tbat from and immediately after fuch payment of the purchafe-mo-ney to the perfon or perfons fo intitled to receive the fame asa-forefaid, the feveral lands, mefluages, tenements, hereditaments) and premifes, in fuch contrails or agreements mentioned or comprifed, or intended fo to be, together with all rights, members, eafements, and appurtenances whatfoever, to the fame, or any part thereof, belonging and ufually held and enjoyed therewith, (hall be, and are hereby declared, to be, from time to time, unalienably veiled in the crown, for the purpoie of making, erelling, and eftablifhing there a lazaret or lazarets; and his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, (hall for ever lure, hold, and enjoy the fame, againft fuch vendor and vendors re* fpeliively; and all and every perfon and perfons, claiming or to claim, by, from, or under them, or any of them, freed and difeharged of and from all former entails, and from all incumbrances whatfoever made or granted of the premifes, or any part thereof; and the receipt or receipts of fuch perfon or perfons,as (hall be intitled or authorised to receive fuch purchafe moncyas aforefaid, -under his or their hands refpe&ively, teftifying the payment of the fame, or any part thereof, by the faid commit-fioners of the treafury, or fuch perfon or perfons as they, or a-ny three of them, (hall order and direll to pay the fame, (hal! be a fuftkient difeharge to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, for all fuch fum and fums of money as fuch receipt or receipts (hall be given for: and his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, (hall be abfolutely acquitted and difeharged of and from the (aid monies, notyvithftanding any mifapplication of the fame, or any part thereof.

Hi. And be it further enalled by the authority aforefaid, That a9 often as any difference (hall arife concerning fuch purchafe, or the price or confideration between the faid commitiion-ers of his Majesty9* treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, and the owner or owners of fuch lands, mefluages, tenements, and hereditaments, as aforefaid, their guardians or trullets, 4	(not

149

177.2.] Aimo duodecimo GJEORGn III. c.58.

(not being the dwclling-houfe of fuch owner or owners, or park, garden, orchard, yard, or planted walk, or avenue to fuch houfe), it (hall and may be lawful for any one or more perfon or perfons, to be appointed for that purpole by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, under his or their fign manual, and fuch perfon and perfons are hereby authorifed, thirty days a.t the Iealt before a-ny general quarter-feffion of the peace to be held for the refpec-tive counties or divifions where fuch premifes as aforefaid fhall relpedtively lie, to give, or caufe to be given, to fuch refpedbve owner or owners, or to be left at their laft places of abode re-fpe&ively, a notice, in writing, deferibing the faid premifes, and purporting, that the price or conlideration of fuch premifes will be adjufted and fettled by a jury at the faid feflions; and the juftices, at their faid feflions, upon proof to them made of fuch notice or notices given, (hall, and they are hereby authorifed and required to charge the jury which fhall attend at the faid feflions, or fome other jury or twelve honeft and fubftantial men, (to be then and there impanelled and returned by the (heriff of the county, without fee or reward), and caufe to be fworn well and truly on their oaths, to aflefs the value of the premifes com-prifed in fuch notices, and the price or confideration to be given for the fame, to the refpqdtive owner or owners thereof, according to their refpedtive intefefts therein, which oath the faid juftices are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter to the faid jury , and to which faid jury, the faid perfon or perfons fo to be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the parties interefled m fuch premifes, (hall hare their lawful challenges; and the faid jury, being fo fworn and charged as aforefaid, after proper evidence, on oath, given to them, (hall, by t heir verdict, aflefs the price or confideration to be given for fuch premifes to the refpedlive owner or owners thereof, accord-i ng to their refpedtive interefts therein; which verdidb of the faid jury, and judgement of the faid juftices thereupon, (hall be concluuve, and finally bind all parties; and from and after fuch verdidt and judgement, and paying fuch price or other confideration, the faid premifes (hall veil in and be held by his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, in manner and for the purpofes aforefaid.

CAP. LVIII. jin aS for the further encouragement of \tbe herring fijhery on the coafts of the Ifle of Man ; and for obviating a doubt which has arifen with refpeS to the allowing the bounties upon the Britilh white herring fijheij, in the year one tbour fand feven hundred and Jeventy one.

WHEREAS it is necejfary that fome further encouragement Jhould he given to the inhabitants of the Ifle of Man, to engage in and carry on the herring fijhery on the coafis thereof; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enacted by the King’s raoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and

’ l 3	com-

VerdiA of the jury, and judgement of juftices, to be condofive.

Preamble.

t$o	Anno	duodecimo	Georg	ij	III. c.58.	[1772.

commons* in this prerent parliament aflembled, and by the au-Aftcr Jane 14, thority of the fame. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day 1772, any fort of June, oqe thou fa nd feyen hundred and feventy-two, it (hall c^Vt^and*	lawful	to	import,	and	bring	into	any part of Gmt

curfd near the Britain, any fort of herrings caught upon the coafts of the Ifu lfle of Man, of Man, and cured there, upon payment of the duties herein-may be after mentioned; any law, cuttom, or ufage, to the contrary Great ^Britain P<*withftanding; that is to fay, for every barrel of white heron payment of Pngs, containing thirty two gallons, three (hillings and four-the duties pence, and for every thoufand of red-herrings one (hilling and mentioned, eight-pence, and after thofe rates for any greater or lefs quantities of fuch herrings refpedtively.

Herrings from II. Arid be it further ena£}ed by the authority aforebid, thelfleofMan That the duties which (hall be charged upon fuch herrings, in fame duties P^rfu*ncc of this adfc, (hall be raifed, levied, and recovered by as thofe fuch ways and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, brought from and applied to the fyne ufes and purpofes, as are direfledand Scotland. ’ prefcribed by any former act or adts of parliament, which are now in force, reipe&ing the duties upon fi(Ji brought or imported into England^ from that part of the united kingdom called Scotland; and the faid herrings fo imported from the Ip 9/M*, in purfuance of this alt, dull, in all refpedts, be lubje&aod liable to the fame rules and regulations, as fuch herrings brought from Scotland are liable to by law, except in fuch cafes where frny alteration is made by this a St.

Certificate to III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the pe brought by authority aforefaid. That the matter or other perfon, having the the S?p,efrom c^ar8c °f the f° importing fuch herrings, (hall bring with the gover- him a certificate or certificates from the governor, lieutenant iior, &c. that governor, commander in chief, or-chief magiftrates for the time the herrings being, that oath has been made before him or theipj in the thVcoatoof n Prcfencc the office of the cuftoms for the port or place where thelfleofMan5 fuch herrings (hall be put on board, that the fame vfmtmftit to be attefled taken on the coatts of the Ijlt of Man, and cured there; which h jn officer certificate or certificates (hall alfo be attefted by the Taid officer exoreffing the* the cu^oms» and exprefs the number of barrels, and number of quantity of fuch herrings reifpedHvely, and the marks of the parrels, &c. package exprefied in the bill or bills of lading, with* the name "	„ pr names, place or places of abode of fuch perfon of perfons 2$

(hall have made the oath herein-before directed, and wherea&d

to whom fach herrings (hall be configned in 'Great Britain; and the matter or perfon taking charge of the (hip or veflel importing the fame (hall alfo make oath before the collector or principal officer of the fait duties, at the port or place of importation |n Great Britain, that the faid herrings are the fame that were taken on board, by virtue of the faid certificate or certificate,

!o to be produced ; on failure whereof, or of any of the requiliitf lerein-before mentioned, the herrings (hall be liable to the fame duties, penalties, and forfeitures, as fuch herrings would hare been liable to by law, if this a£t had not been made.

JV. And be it further envied by the authority aforefaid,

1772.} Anno duodecimo Georgii III, 0,58. •	151

Ths*t from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June9 one After June «*# thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, it (hall and may be *77*» inhabi-iawful for any of his Majetty’s fubjefts, inhabiting and reflaing In the IJle of Many to export from thence, and import into any may cxport Britijb colonies or plantations in America, in Briti/b (hips or herrings to veffels, manned and navigated according to an aft of parliament the Bntifo made in the twelfth year of the reign of Kine Charles thecolom€t* Second, (intituled. An a ft for the encouraging and increafing of » flipping and navigation) herrings caught and cured by them in thefame manner as victuals of and from Ireland may be imported into the faid colonies or plantations, by an aft made in the fifteenth year of the reign of the faid King Charles the Second*

(intituled. An aftfor the encouragement of trade •>) any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Quantity of That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou- neceflary fand feven hundred and feventy-two* it (hall and may be lawful foch hwrfn» for any fi(herman inhabiting the IJle of Man% to load there, on may be loaded board any vefiel or boat employed ip the filhery on the coatts of on board any the faid ifland, any quantity of fait which (hall be fufficient and ^"d neceflary fpr curing the cargo of barrings taken by fuch veffel jj*ing glvcn* or boat, bond being firft given to his Majesty, his fyeirs and fucceflors, with one fufficient furety befides the matter, to be approved of by the collector, or other principal officer of his Majetty’s revenue at the port or place from whence fuch veflel

or boat (hall depart, in the penalty of fifty pounds for every ton of fait which (hall be fo taken on board, with condition that the fame (hall be ufed only in tne curing of fuch herrings, and (hall not be landed in any part of Great Britain or tran (hipped, or put on board any other (hip or veflel j and on return of fuch veflel or boat from the fi(hery into any port or place in the faid IJle of Man, the matter and*one of the crew belonging to arid employed on board fuch veflel or boat, during the whole voyage,

(hall make oath before the colleftor, or other principal officer of his Majesty’s revenue, at the neareft port where they (hall arrive, (which oath fuch colleftor or other officer is hereby im-powered and required to adminitter,) that the fait fo laden in fuch veflel or boat (excepting fuch part thereof, as may remain unufed on board) has been really and truly expended in curing the hefrings caught and taken by them, and that no part thereof had been landed in any part of Great Britain or tranfhipped, or put on board any other (hip or veflel; which bond (hall continue in force for one year from and after the completion of thfe voyage : and in cafe no fraud appears within that time, it (hall and may be lawful for the receiver-general of his Majetty’s revenue in the IJle of Man or his deputy, to direft the faid bond to be cancelled and delivered up,

VI.	And whereas by an aft made in the twenty-third year of the Gto»s» reign of his late majefty King George the Secondy (intituledy An aft

for the encouragement of the Britifl white herring fifhery,) a

14	bounty

i$%	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii III. c. 58.	[1772.

bounty of thirty /hillings per ton was granted to the owners of fucb decked vejfels as Jbould be fitted out and employed in the paid fijbery, in the wanner, end under the Jeverol regulations and reftriEtions, in the jaid aft mentioned, to be paid yearly, during the {pace of fourteen Aft ** Gto**, years, from the commencement of the faid at7, and no longer : end whereas by another all, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his faid late Majefiy, (intituled. An act for further explaining, amending, and rendering more effeftual, an aft made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled. An act for the encouragement of the British white herring fi/bery; find for giving further encouragement for the carrying an the faid fijbery; and for other purpofes therein mentioned,) the faid bounty was \continued for the further term of three years, to be computed imme-Aft 30Geo.it diately from and after the expiration of the term for which the fame was granted as aforefaid: and whereas by another aft, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his faid late Majefiy, (intituled, An act for allowing a further bounty on velTels employed in the white herring fifnery $ for giving liberty to alter the prefent form and fize of the nets ufed in the faid fifhery $ and for other pur-'pofes therein mentioned,) it was,amongfl other things, enaftei,

,	That	the faid bounty of thirty JhiUings, by the faid two feveral alls

granted and continued for the refpeftive terms of years therein reffectively mentioned, jbould ceafe, determine, and be at an end 5 and is lieu thereof, a bounty of fifty Jbillings per ton, on the vejfels employed in the faid fijberies, was granted for fucb term and terms of years, u be paid in fuch manner as the faid bounty of thirty JhiUings per ton 5 G*0* 3* was by the faid two feveral alls, or either of them, dir elled to be paid: and whereas by another aft made in the fifth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefiy, (intituled, An act for the further encouragement 01 the Bntijh white herring fifhery,) it was, among/! other things, recited, That the terms fer which the faid bounty was granted, would expire on the twenty-fecond day of Oftober, one thoufand fun hundred and fixty-feven ; and, by toe faid lafi-mentioncd ally it was alfo mailed. That the faid bounty of fifty/hillings per ton, granted by the faid aft of the thirtieth year of the reign cf his Jaid late Majefiy, Jbould be further continued fir the further term of four years, to U Aft 11 Geo, 3. computed from and immediately after the expiration of the terms fit whiib the fame was granted as aforefaid: and whereas by another aft, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, (intituled. An act for the encouragement of the white herring fifhery,) a bounty of thirty J,hillings per ton is to be paid annually, in the manner as in the Jaid aft is provided, to the owner or owners cf all decked vejfels, from twenty to eighty tons burthen, which Jhcdl ts fitted out and employed in the faid fijberies, in manner and under the regulations in the faid hjl-recited aft mentioned, for the /pace and . term of f even years, from and after the twenty-fecond day of Oftober, one thoufand /even hundred ana feventy-one, and to the end of the then next fejjion of parliament: and ivhereas it was intended by the faid lajl recited aft. That the faid bounty of thirty JhiUings per ton, thereby granted Jbould commence and take place immediately after tb? expire

;772*1 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C.5S.	15$

•0* of the term for which the former bounty of fifty fallings per ton vas granted and continued by the feveral a£h berein-before recited :

\nd whereas feveral vejfels have been fitted out and employed upon the ummer and winter fifberieSyfor the year one tbonfand /even hundred md feventy-one, upon a prefumption that the bounty of fifty fallings ?er tony granted and continued by the before-recited aft ofthe fifth year f bis prefent Majefiy, did not expire till the twenty fecond day of Jdtober, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, agreeably to ’he recital of the /aid afi; but doubts having arifen, whether the term	f

f twenty-one years, for which the faid bounty was firft granted and continued, as herein-before mentioned, Jhould not have been computed -rrom the firft day of the feffion of parliament, in the twenty-third year if the reign of bis late Majefiy, which began upon the fixteentb day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and forty-nine, and which term ,from that date, by the alteration offile, expired on the twenty-feventb day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy ; md, according to which compulation, the owners of the veffels fo fitted out and employed in the fijberies for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fcventy-one are not entitled to any bounty: now, to obviate thefe doubtSy and for the relief of the owners of Juch veffels as have been fo fitted out and employedas aforefaidy it is hereby further Owners of enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the owner or owners fummerfifr-of fuch (hips or veffels as were fitted out and employed in the f.771^ firft or fummer fifliery, for the year one thoufand (even hundred bounty^ <os* and fcventy-one, (hall be allowed a bounty of fifty (hillings per p* ton * ton for fuch veffel fo employed $ and the owner or owners of and owners of fuch (hips or veffels as were fitted out and employed in the latter wintter^f,'J or winter fi(hery, for the faid year one thoufana feven hundred j£wed J0g, and feventy-one, (hall be allowed a bounty of thirty (hillings ptr too. per ton, for fuch (hips of veffels as were fo fitted out and employed in that fifhery : which faid refpedive bounties hereby allowed (hall be paid in the fame manner as, and (hall in all other refpeds be fubjed to all the reftridions and regulations which were direded and preferibed by the before-recited ads, or any other ad of parliament, with refped to the former bounty of fifty (hillings per ton, which was granted by the faid recited ad, made in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’9 reign; any thing in the before-recited ads, or any other ad, to the contrary notwirhftandiog

*54

Anno duodecimo GeorGii III. C. 59.	[177a.

CAP. LIX.

An act for voting in Ins Majefty certain hereditaments at Richmond, in the county of Surrey, belonging to Catharine vifcountefs Fitzwilliam, and held by leafe from the crown \ and for vefting the freehold and inheritance of pertain kafebold and copyhold hereditaments at Richmond aforefaid in truftees, and their heirs; in truft for the fait Catherine vifcountefs Fitzwilliam, as a part of the com-penfatbn for the fame, and for other purpofes thereto mentioned.

Preamble, \\ THERE AS his late majejly King George the Second,by reciting let* VV . bis letters patent, bearing date the twenty fourth, day of Ja-tfGboft* nuarY>ln the fifth year of his reign, granted and demifed unto fir Matthew Decker, baronet, jince deceafedf, all that mejfuage or tene-. tnenf, sailed or known by the name of The Bakehoufe at Richmond, in the county of Surrey, together with two gardens to the faii tenement belonging, one of which gardens is therein mentioned to be inchfcl with a brick wall, and to abut upon the nortbwefl fide of a piece sf Iand or yard, then or late in the tenure or occupation of Grimes, widow \ and the other garden is therein mentioned to be za-tlofed with pales, and to adjoin to the aforefaid tenement then or late in the occupation of John Stevens, thentofore demifed to him by Edward Villars efquire, for a term of years then expired; and olfi all that piece or parcel of land, orchard, or garden, with the appurtenances, containing by ejlimation one acre, or thereabouts, being or reputed to be, part of the park called Richmond Old Park, theretofore in the tenure of Gilbert Grimes, deceafed, and then or late in the Occupation 0/wilIiam Beaumond, theretofore demifed to bimbytbt faid Edward Villars for a term of years then expired, with fra 1ay and pajfage to and from the fatd piece of land by and through tlx aforefaid yard, late in the occupation of the faid Gilbert Grimes * and al/o all thofe three clofes of land, or pafiure ground, Jituate at Richmond aforefaid, called Bentley Park, containing by ejlimdtisn twenty acres, more or left, parcel alfo of the aforefaid pari caSti Richmond Old Park, then late in the poffejfton or occupation of fir Charles Hedges, knight, or bis ajfigns : and alfo all thofe two tenements adjoining to the premifes therein above mentioned and demifei, then or late in the pojfejlion of Rowland Corbett and William Watts, tenants at the will of the lord, by feveral yearly rents, amounting together to the fum of five pounds and fifteen JbiUings a year, together with a fmall building or Jlablt adjoining to the tenement of the faid William Watts j and alfo all that fmall pita of land then lately recovered and inclofed by the aforefaid fir Charles Hedges knighty out of the wafie there, by the common confent of the inhabitants of * Richmond aforefaid, and the tenants of the manor there, abutting upon part of the premifes there above demifed towards the tafl upon a way leading from a place called Richmond Green to the river Thames towards the foutb, upon the faii river towards the wejl, oni

ufes

r772*l Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 59.

upon the land or meadow then or late in the tenure of John Buck-worth toward* the north, together with all manner of appurtenances to the faid premifes belonging; all which premifes are therein mentioned to have been demited by his late majefiy King William the Third on the fourth day of March, in the thirteenth year of his reign% for a term of fifty years* at the rent of thirty-one pounds fifteen {billings5 and to have afterwards been demifid by bis late majefiy King George the Firfi (0 the faid fir Matthew Decker baronet* on the twenty fottrth day of September, in the fourth year of bis reign* for a term offixteen years* from the fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty* at the fame rent of thirty-one pounds fifteen /billings, to hold the faid premifes thereby demifed to the faid fir Matthew Decker, his executors* adminifirators* and affigns* from the fourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-ftx, for and during the time and term of fourteen years from thenceforth next erfutng* yielding and paying therefore for the faid prpmiUs the ancient yearly rent or Jum of thirty-one pounds fifteen /billings* during the term thereby granted* as therein mentioned: and whereas the faid fir Matthew Decker, by his lafi will and tefiament, bearing date the nineteenth day of January, one thoufand /even hundred andforty-feven* after giving a legacy of five hundred pounds* gave* devifed* ana bequeathed all the reft of his efiate* as well real as perfonal* unto bis wife Henrietta Decker, her heirs* executors* and adminifirators* for ever, and appointed bis faid wife foie executrix of his faid will* who duly proved the fame in the prerogative court of the arcbbijbop of Canterbury, on the twelfth day of -April, one thoufand fcyen hundred and forty-nine : and whereas his faid majefiy* King George the Second* afterwards* by bis litters patent* bearing date the fiventb day of November, in the twenty-fifth year of his reign* granted and demifed unto the faid dame Henrietta Decker all and ftngulor the mejfuage or tenement* lands* hereditaments* and premifes* whichx in and by the faid herein-befort recited Utters patent* were granted and demifed to the faidfir Matthew Decker, with their Upputtenances* to bold unto the faid dame Henrietta Decker, her executors* adminifirators* and affigns* from the fourth day of March, which will come in the year of our Lori one thoufand feven hundred and eighty* for and during the term and time of nineteen years and an half* from thenceforth next enfuing* yielding and paying therefore for the faid premifes the ancient yearly rent or fum of thirty-one pounds fifteen Jhillings, during the term thereby granted* as therein mentioned: and whereas* at a fpecial court baron of his late majefiy King George the Second* held for his manor of Richmond, otherwife Weft Sheene, on Friday the ftventb day of July, itf the twenty-third year of bis faid Majefiy s reign* the faid dame Henrietta Decker was duly admitted tenant to all that cuftoiqarj half afre of land* with the appurtenances* fituate* lying* and being in a field called The Upper Field of Richmond of ore faid* in a /hot called Marfh Furze ihot, adjoining on the eafi and wefi to land then late of	Jones, gentleman* but then of

and alfo to all that cufioman capital mejfuage or tenement fituate and being in Richmond afore/aid\ hear the green there* and '	for•

Anno duodecimo GeoR£ii III. c. 59.	[1772.

formerly in the pojfejfion of fir Charles Hedges knight, and then late in the pojfejfion of the faid fir Matthew Decker, together with the euthoufes, edifices, toacb-houfeSyfiableSy gardens, 004/	/A*	appur-

tenances to the faid mejfuage or tenement belonging or in any-wiji appertaining,	formerly enjoyed therewith; 00S alfo to all that piece

or parcel of Iand> with the appurtenances, formerly part of the wqfie of the faid manor, lying on the eafi angle of the garden wall* formerly ^William Finch, containing in length fourteen feet* or thereabouts9 and in breadth twelve feet, or thereabouts, to bold to the faid dame Henrietta Decker, her heirs and affignSy for every at the will of the lord, according to the cufiom of the faid manor, by fealty rent sf thirteen Jhtllings and four pence Juit of court, and other Jfervicey fifi due and of right accuftomed; and at the fame court the faid terse Henrietta Decker Jurrendered the faid copyholdpremifes> with their appurtenances, according to the cufiom of the faid manor, to the ufe tf fuch perfon or perfiniy and to and for fuch trujhy ufis9 intents, cud purpofes9 asjbe Jhould, in and by her lafi will and tefiament9 in writings give, devifoy bequeath, dire ft, limit, or appoint, at the will of the lord, according to the cufiom of the faid manor: and whereas the faid dame Henrietta Decker being pojfejfed of the faid leafehold premifes abtroe mentioned by the feveral letters patent and will above recited and referred to, and being alfo pojfcffed of and intitled in fee to the faid copy-hold or cuftomary premifesy and having Jurrendered the fame in manner aforejaidy duly made and publijbea her lafi will and tejlanunty bearing date the thirteenth day of April., one thoufand fevtn hundred and forty-niney whereby jhe gave and bequeathed ail her freehcldy apy-holdy leofeboldy andperfonalefiates unto her fin-in-law y the honourable John Talbot, and Gerard Van Neck efquirey their beirs9 executors9 and adminifiratorSy upon trufiy to raife and pay thereout, the fiveral fums of money thereby dire fled; and in further trufiy to fland fiized and pojfejfed of all the refi and refidue of the faid freehold, copyhddy leafeholdy andper final efiateSy in trufiy for the file and feparate ufe cf her daughter Catharine Fitzwilliam, whofi direflions, as jar as it concerned her Jharey the faid tefiatrix defired her faid trujlees wstdd purfuty either in continuing or altering the Jituation her faid fiveral efiates Jhould be in at the time of her deathy in fuch manner as & Jhould mofi approve 5 and the faid tefiatrix did alfo exp refs her wid to be9 that tf her faid daughter Jhould at any time be difpofed to jre~ fenty Jelly or difpofe of to her hujbandy the right honourable the lord vifeount Fitzwilliam, or to any other perfon or perfonSy the whole y or any part of ivhat the tefiatrix thereby gave unto her, that it Jhould be . lawful for her faid trujlees > notwithstanding any thing in her faid w:J containedy to transfer and ajjign the fame upon requefi made to then by her faid daughter, by any writing or writings under her handy 10 fuch perfon and perfonSy and for fuch efiates and inter efisy and in Jkch manner and form as her faid daughter fimld appoint, and which writing or writings the faid tefiatrix declared Jhould be to her trujtee: a full difeharge for their fi doing ; and the faid tefiatrix appdntt l her faid daughter, the faid Catharine vifcounlefs Fitzwilliam, hr file executrix ; and the faid tefiatrix afterwardsy by a codicil to h* \ faid willy made the ninth day of March, one thoufand fiven bunds tb

7^-3 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. 0.59.'	157

f jifty-twoy after taking notice that the jaid Gerard Van Neck s deady nominated and appointed John Page of Water Gate >ufe, in the county of Suflex, efquire, and John Daniel Dreyer London, merchant, in the room of the faid Gerard Van Neck* tr~ujlees with the faid John Talbot; and thereby did dcvife and jnceath unto them the faid John Talbot, John Page, and John* artiel Dreyer, their heitSy executorsy and adminijirators, all her 'jeral eflates in her faid will mentioned, upon the fever al trujls in r /aid will fet forthy and therein clfo gave feveral other pecuniary ■racics: and whereat the faid dame Henrietta Decker died not long rter the making her faid u/ill and cpdicily and the faid Catharine '

'/counteft Fitzwilliam duly proved the fame in the prerogative court r the archbijbop of Canterbury, on the ninth day of May, one thou-xnd /even hundred and fifty-nine ': and whereas at a jpecial court iron of his faid late majejly King George the Second, for his faid tarsor 0/*Richmond, otherwife Weft Sheene, held on Saturday the vucnty-fcventh dav of October, in the thirty-third year of the reign f his faid Maje/yy the faid John Page and John Daniel Dreyer the /aid John Talbot being then dead) were duly admitted tenants 0 all and fwgular the faid copyhold or cuflomary meffuage or tenement\ andsy tenementsy bmditamentSy and premifeSy with their appurte-X2t2c£iy whereunto the faid dame Henrietta Decker had been admitted is afcrefaidy to hold the faid premifeSy with the appurtenanceSy unto he Jaid John Page and John Daniel Dreyer, their heirs and ajjigns, ror every at the will of the lord> according to the cujlom of the faid manor y upon the trujls^ and to and for the uftSy intently and purpofes9 in and by the faid will and codicil of the faid dame Henrietta Decker mcntionedy exprejfedy and declaredy of and concerning the fame : and whereas the faid John Daniel Dreyer afterwards Hedy and the faid John Page being then the furviving trujlee under the faid will and codicil of the faid dame Henrietta Decker, and the fever al fums charged by her faid will and codicil on her faid ejlatcs having■ been paid and difehargedy by indenture of three partly bearing date the tenth day of November, which was in the year of our Lord one thoufand ftven hundred and fixty-eighty and made between the faid John Page of the firji part; the right honourable Richard lord vif count • Fitzwilliam, and the faid Catharine lady vifeountefs Fitz-william his wifey of the fecond part; and Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, both of London, mcrchantSy the font of the Jaid John Daniel Dreyer deceafedy of the third part; the faid John Page, by the direction of the faid Richard vifeount Fitzwilliam and .Catharine vifeountefs Fitzwilliam, did ajjign and fet over all and fmgular the meffuage or tcncmenty landsy hereditaments9 and premifeSy in and by the aforefaid recited letters patenty granted and demifedy with their appurtenanceSy unto the faid Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer the fons9 their executory adminiflratorsy and ajfignSy for and during all the refidue and remainder then to come of the aforefaid term of fourteen years, and for the whole of the Jaid term of nineteen years and on halfy upon fucb and the fame trujhy and to and for fucb and the fame intents and purpofesy as in and by the faid will of the faid dame Henrietta Decker are declared and exprejfedy of and

ton*

iS6

Anno duodecimo

formerly in the pojfiefif.on tffir C in the pofifefifton cf the /aid fir Mi eutbeufies, edifices, toach-houfs, / tenantes to the faid meffuage or i appertaining, or formerly enjoy-. i ' cr parcel of land, with the appurtn c f the fiaid manor, lying on the cj ' if William Finch, containing in /, and in breadth twelve feet, or the -Henrietta Decker, her heirs and the lord, according to the enfiom of I thirteen fihillings and four pence Just ■ due and cf right acchfilomed; and i Henrietta Decker fiurrendered the appurtenances, according to the eufiltm fiuch perfion or per font, and to and J.> purpofies, as fibe fihtuld, in and by her LJ give, devifie, bequeath, dirett, limit, . according to the cufiem of the/aid tru. Henrietta Decker being pofififfed of mentioned by the fiver a! tetters pater.u ferred to, and being alfo pofiefified of cr hold or cn/hmary premiffs, and bavin, ner aforefiad, duly made and publsfih. bearing date the thirteenth day of Apr. andforty-nine, whereby fibe gave and I. hold, lejfckold, and perfional efiates ur.t: John Talbot, and Gerard Van Neck and adminifirators, upon trufil, to re.fi fiums of money thereby dire lied; and in and pofifijfed of all the reft tend rtfidve leafebold, and perfonal efiates, in trufil, j her daughter Catharine FitzwiUiam, eoncerned her fibere, the faid tefiatrix purfte, either in continuing or alter in efiates fibould be in at the time of I c fihou'd rr.ofi approve j and the fat-I t •’ to be, that if her faid daughter fin. fent, Jill, or difipofit of It her tuft vifieunt Fiizwilham, or to am any part of tubal the tefiatrix- f lawful for her /aid tiufie/;, eon'-fined, to transfer and a by her fold daughter, by v fiuch perfon and perfions, ten

r faid datobUr, exeentries-, ipw

9 I 4 to i

I w ill.

“UL.A

.82?.* j:



mo GEORGII III. 0,59;	159

mentioned, containing one acre and How the land* nner following; that is to fay, on a[c hounded opyhold, meffuage, and prcmifesj th the appurtenances, in the occu- Drcycr*. and in other part by the lane -een to the river Thorns$ on the fading from Richmond Green to he fouth-eaft cofner of the faid mond Green northwards, three Hght inches; on the north by orders of his Majesty, and of m the northern extremity of ; the fceft, nine hundred and weft by another line (already inning from the weftern ex* ary towards the fouth, fixty-aid lane which leads from ; (hall be, and the fame are ceforth veft, remain, and be ind John Daniel Dreyer the r, to have and to hold the i John Daniel Dreyer, the ver, in free and common •f Richmond, otherwife Wejl e whatfoever.

the authority aforefaid. The rtfidne cveral leafehold premifes,0^ the lands herein-before recited, or	m

res and an half, (hall be, Ma,efty-

0	his Majesty, and (hall m his Majesty, his heirs all eftates, terms of years, whatfoever, of them the Greyer, the fons, or of the

1	of them, or of any other

by the authority aforelaid. Lands vefted cs, lands, tenements, and ™

.1 the faid Maurice Dreyer ^ in thc£. 1 heir heirs and afligns, as heirs, Sec, ad remain vefted in them* the faid fum of two thou-to be paid by his faid Majef-liately upon the palling pf this P? c vtT and John Daniel Dreyer,

.in lt*3tv*ly after fuch payment there-i in the faid Maurice Dreyer and , then* executors, adrainiftrators, refp active mills, and to and for fuch re-1 'isrpofc-s, -Hid in fuch manner, for the L'ciieiit. and udpdal of the laid Catbarin*

vif-

Anno duodecimo Georgn HI. 0,59.	[1772.

formerly in tie poffeffton of fir Charles Hedges knight, and then late in the pojfejfion of tie faid fir Matthew Decker, together with the euthoufis, edifices, toach-houfcs,fiables, gardens,	other the appur-

tenances to the faid mejfuage or tenement belonging or in any-unfe appertaining, *r formerly enjoyed therewith;	**	piece

or parcel of land* with the appurtenances, formerly part of the wafie of the faid manor, lying on the eafi angle of the garden wall* formerly William Finch, containing in length fourteenfeet, or thereabouts, and in breadth twelve feet, or thereabouts, to bold to the faid dame Henrietta Decker, her heirs and affigns, for ever, rf /A* it*/// the lord, according to the cufiom of the faid manor,	fealty rent of

thirteen /hillings and four pence fuit of court, and other fervice,firfi due and of right accuftomed; and at the fame court the faid dam Henrietta Decker jurrendered the faid copyholdpremifes, with their appurtenances, according to the cufiom of the faid man or, to the ufe sf fuch perfon or perfons, and to and for fuch trufis, ufes9 intents, and purpofes, as Jbe Jhouldin and by her lajt will and tefiament, in writing, give, devife, bequeath, dire ft, limit, or appoint, at the will of the lord, according to the cufiom of the faid manor: and whereas the faid dame Henrietta Decker being pojfeffed of the faid leafehold premifes cbxe mentioned by the fevered Utters patent and will above recited and referred to, and being alfo pojjcjfed of and intitled in fee to the faid espj-hold or cufiomary premifes, and having furreniered the fame in manner afore faid, duly made and publifbea her lafi will and teflanunt, bearing date the thirteenth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and forty-nine, whereby Jbe gave and bequeathed all her freehold, apy-hola, leafehold, and per final efiates unto her fin-in-law, the honourable John Talbot, and Gerard Van Neck efquire, their heirs, executors, ; and adminifirators, upon trufi, to raifi and pay thereout, the feveral j fums of money thereby dire fted; and in further trufi, to Jland feizei and pojfeffed of all the refi and refidue of the faid freehold, copy fold, j leafehold, and perfonal efiates, in trufi, for the file and feparat* ufief j her daughter Catharine Fitzwilliam, whofi direftions, as jar as it j concerned her fhare, the faid tefiatrix defired her faid trujlees would purfue, either in continuing or altering the fituation her faid feveral efiates Jhould be in at the time of her death, in fuch manner as &• Jhould mofi approve; and the faid tefiatrix did alfo exprefs her will to be, that if her faid daughter Jhould at any time be difpqfid to pre-fent, fell, or difpofi of to her hufband, the right honourable the lord vifeount Fitzwilliam, or to any other perfon or perfons, the whole* or any part of what the tefiatrix thereby gave unto her, that it Jhould h , lawful for her faid trujlees, notwithfianding any thing in her faid u contained, to transfer and ajjign the fame upon requefi made to then by her faid daughter, by any writing or writings under her hand, 10 fuch perfon and perfons, and for fuch efiates and inter efis, and in fuch manner and form as her Jaid daughter fiould appoint, and which writing or writings the faid tefiatrix dcchred Jhould be to her trujlees a full ilifehargs for their fi doing ; and the faid tefiatrix appoint:1 her faid daughter, the faid Catharine vifeountefs Fitzwilliam, her file executrix; and the faid tefiatrix afterwards, by a codicil to hs* Jaid will, made the ninth day of March, one thoufand feven bunds ti

772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 59.'	157

d fifty-two, after fating notice that the faid Gerard Van Neck as dead, nominated and appointed John Page of Water Gate ’oufe, in the county of Suflex, efquirey and John Daniel Dreyer r London, merchant, in the room of the faid Gerard Van Neck*

-trufiees with the faid John Talbot ; and thereby did devife and tqueath unto them the faid John Talbot, John Page, and John*

)aniel Dreyer, their hettsy executors, and adminifiratorsy all her ‘veral efiates in her faid will mentioned, upon the fever at trufis in er faid will fet forthy and therein dfo gave feveral other pecuniary gacies: and whereas the faid dame Henrietta Decker died not long fter the mating her faid wifi and cpdicil, and the faid Catharine ' ifcountefs Fitzwilliam duly proved the fame in the prerogative court f the archbijbop of Canterbury, on the ninth day of May, one thou-md /even hundred and fifty-nine ': and whereas at a Jpecial court or on of his faid late majefiy King George the Second, for his faid \anor of Richmond, otherwife Weft Sheene, held on Saturday the wenty-feyenth dav of October, in the thirty-third year of the reign f his faid Majefiyy the faid John Page and John Daniel Dreyer the faid John Talbot being then dead) were duly admitted tenants ? all and fingular the faid copyhold or cufiomary meffuage or tenement9 indsy tenements, hereditaments, and premifesy with their appurte-ances, whereunto the faid dame Henrietta Decker had been admitted s afcrefaid, to held the faid premifesy with the appurtenances, unto he Jaid John Page and John Daniel Dreyer, their heirs and ajjigns, hr ever, at the will of the lord9 according to the eujlom of the faid saner, upon the trufis* and to and for the ufts, intents, and purpofts, n and by the faid will and codicil of the faid dame Henrietta Decker mentioned, exprejfcdy and declaredy of and concerning the fame : and vhereas the faid John Daniel Dreyer afterwards died, and the faid ohn Page being then the furvtving trujlee under the faid will and odicil of the faid dame Henrietta Decker, and the fcvtral fumy barged by her faid will and codicil on her faid efiates having been aid and difchargedy by indenture of three partsy bearing date the enth day of November, which was in the year of our Lord one boufand feven hundred and fixty- eight, and made between• the faid ohn Page of the firfi part; the right honourable Richard lord vif ount Fitzwilliam, and the faid Catharine lady vifeountefs Fitz-villiam his wifey of the fecond part \ and Maurice Dreyer and [ohn Daniel Dreyer, both of London, mcrchantsy the fens of the \aid John Daniel Dreyer deceafed, of the third part; the faid John *age, by the direction of the faid Richard vifeount Fitzwilliam and Catharine vifeountefs Fitzwilliam, did ajfign end fet over all and mgular the meffuage or tenement, lands, hereditaments, and premifesy n and by the aforefaid recited letters patenty granted and demtfed, vith their appurtenances, unto the faid Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer the fonsy their executors, adminiflratorsy andaffigns, ror and during all the refidue and remainder then to come of the afore-hid term of fourteen years, and for the whole of the Jaid term of nineteen years and an half upon fucb and the fame trufis, and to and for fuch and the fame intents and purpofesy as in and by the laid will f the faid dame Henrietta Decker are declared and exprefjed, of and

eon*

Anno duodecimo fesoRGii ill. c. 59*	[1771.

morning the reft and rejiiue therein mentioned of her freehold, copy-bold, leafehold, and perfonal ejlates : and whereas at a general court leet ahd court baron of bis prefent Majefty, held for the faid manor of Richmond otherwise Weft Sheene, on Saturday the firft day of April, which was.in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-mne, the faid Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the fins, were duly admitted upon the furrenier of the faid John Page, to all and fingular the Jaid copyhold or cuftomary snejfuage or tenement, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premifes, with tbcr appurtenances, wbereunto the faid dame Henrietta Decker bad hem admitted as aforefaid, to hold the faid prosodies, with their appurtenances, unto the Jaid Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the fins, their heirs and affigns, Jor ever, at the will rf the lard, according to the cufiom of the faid manor, upon the trufts, used to and for the feveral ufes, intently and ptttpofis, in and by the faid tvillani codicil of the faid dame Henrietta Decker mentioned, exprejfed, ani declared of and concerning the fame : ani whereas it hath been agreed, try and on the behalf of the faid Catharine vifcountefs FitzwDliam, in confideration of tie fum of two thoufand one hundred and fifty pounds, to be paid her by his mojl excellent Majeftyy and of the cn-franchifiment and releaje berein-after mentioned, that all assdfingular the faid leafehold premifes, except a certain part thereof, containing in quantity about one acre and an half, and berein-after more particularly dcfcribed, Jball be furrcndered up to and veflea in bis Majefty, ks heirs and fuueffirs, difcharged of the faid fevered terms for yean fo granted thereof, as rtfor Jaid, and of all other terms, inatskbrances, and demands; but the Jaid agreement cannot be effectually efiabBJM and carried into execution without the authority of parliament• ani whereas the payment of the faid fum of two thoufand one hundred and fifty pounds bath been fecured to the Jatisfaction of the faid lady vifcountefs Fitzwilliam, and of the Jaid Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer the Jons; be it therefore enabled by the Ring's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefeat Cuftomary parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That hU	anc*	Angular the copyhold or cuftomary mefliiages, lands,

manor ofy tenements, hereditaments, and premifes herein-before men** Richmond tioned and deferibed, to which the faid Maurice Dreyer and Jehn tenanted by Daniel Dreyer the fons were admitted tenants, as aforefaid, (hall n* kc* an<* arc hercby enfranchifed, and (hall from henceforth franebifed*11" ^ an<* remain in the faid Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Drey-and freed of er, the Tons, their heirs and afligns, for ever, to hold onto them common foe- the faid Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the fons, their *****&c* heirs and afligns, of his faid Majefty’s manor of Richmond, other-wife Weji Sheene, in free and common foccage freed and discharged, and abfolutely acquitted and exonerated of, from, and againft all fines, heriots, cuftoms, duties, or other tenures or fervices whatsoever, any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That a certain part of the faid leafehold premifes, comprifed in the a	letters

7*3 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.59:	<59

ters patent herein-before mentioned, containing one acre and How the land* half) and bounded in manner following; that is to lay, on are bounded e fouth in part by the laid copyhold, meuuage, and premifes; other part by a mefiuage, with the appurtenances, in the occu- oreyen. * * ition of	Ewer,	and	in	other part by the lane

hich leads from Richmond Green to the river Thame!; on the ill by fitch part of the lane leading from Richmond Green to 'ejl Sheene, as meafures from the fouth-eall cofner of the laid jpyhold premifes next to Richmond Green northwards, three undred and feventeen feet and eight inches; on the north by line (already ftaked out by the orders of his Majesty, and o£ ic faid vifeountefs) running from the northern extremity of ic faid eallern boundary towards the Weft, nine hundred and fteen feet, and fix inches; on the weft by another line (already ;aked out in manner aforefaid) running from the weftern ex-remity of the faid northern boundary towards the fouth, fixty-ive feet, and terminating in the laid lane which leads from Richmond Green to the river Thames; fhall be, and the fame are lereby releafed, and fhall from henceforth veft, remain, and be n and to the Cud Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer the Tons, their heirs and alfigns, for ever,, to have and to hold the Tame to the faid Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the Tons, their heirs and alfigns, for ever, in free and common foccage of his Majesty’s faid manor of Richmond, otherwife Weft Sheene, and by no other rent or llervice whatfoever.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. The refidoe That all the reft and refidue of the feveral leafehold premifes, comprifed in the feveral letters patents herein-before recited, or referred to, and containing eighteen acres and an half, fhall be, * and the lame ate hereby furrendered to his Majesty, and fhall

from henceforth veft, remain, and be in his Majesty, his heira and fuccelTors, freed and difeharged of all eftates, terms of years, or other interefts, claims, or demands whatfoever, of them the Taid Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the fons, or of the faid lord and lady	Fitzwilliam, or either of them, or of any other

perfon whatlcfever.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That all and lingular the laid mefTuages, lands, tenements, and inx li7‘ hereditaments, hereby veiled in them the faid Maurice Dreyer ed aijo jn their and John Daniel Dreyer, the fons, their heirs and alfigns, as heirs, &c. aforefaid, fhall from henceforth be and remain veiled in them, their heirs and alfigns; and alfo that the faid fum of two thou-iand one hundred and fifty pounds, to be paid by his faid Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, immediately upon the palling of this aft, to -them the laid Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the fons, fhall, from and immediately after fuch payment therc-pf, be and remain veiled in them the faid Maurice Dreyer and John Darnel Dreyer, the lbns? their executors, adminiftrators, and alfigns, upon fuch refpeftive trufts, and to and for fuch re-(peftive ufes, intents, and purpofes, and in fuch manner, for the

kit and feparate vie, benefit, rad.difpobl of the laid Catharine

vif-

%64	Aftno	duodecimo	GSoRCix	IIL c. 60.	[1772:

vifcountefs Fitzwilliam, is in and by the aforefaid will of the faid dame Henrietta Deeker is and are directed, declared, and expreflfed, of and concerning the reft and refldue of the freehold and perfonal eftate of the faid dame Henrietta Decker, by her faid will and codicil devifed and bequeathed to the truftees therein named, for the benefit of the faid Catharine vifcountefs Fitzwilliam her daughter or as near thereto as eircutnftanccs will admit of.

C A P. LX.

An aS for granting a drawback of peart of the eufkams open the exportation of tea to Ireland, ami toe Britifh dominions in America ; for altering the drawback upon foreign /i-gars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continue ing the bounty on the exportation of BnuQi-mada cordagej for allowing the importation of rice from the Britifh plantations into the ports of Briftol, Liverpool^ Lancafter, and Whitehaven, for immediate exportation to foreign parts; and to empower the chief magifirate of any corporation to admhtifter the oath, and grant the certificate required by laWy upon the removal of certain goods to. London, which have been fent into the country for faU.

per pound weight upon all black and finglo teas confuxned in Great Britairiy and for granting a drawback upon the exportation of teas to Irelaniy and the Britifh dominions in America^ fat a limited time, upon fuch indemnificationto be made in refped thereof by the Eajl India Company as is therein mentioned; for • permitting the exportation of teas, in ftrtaller quantities than one lot, to Irelandy or the faid dominions in America; and for preventing teas, feized and condemned, from being continued in Great Britaiffy) upon the exportation of tea into Ireland, and ih Britifh plantations in America, from this kingdom, will ceafe on the fifth day of July, one thoufand/even hundred and Jfeventy-two : And whereas it may tend to promote and entouroge the importation of tc: into Ireland, and the Britifh colonies and plantations in America, from this kingdom^ and prevent the illicit trade carried on with foreigners for that commodity, if a draw lack of part of the cufieez paid here was allowed upon the exportation thereof to thefe place: : ^art^from Tnay ** therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and July, 5, i77i, 'be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with a drawback the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and of three-fifth commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the au-ofcuftomito* thority of the fame, That for and during the fpace of five yean, be allowed on to be computed from and after the fifth day of Jttly% one thou-teas exported fand feven hundred and feventy-two, there fhall be drawn back

u> Ireland or and allowed for all teas which fhall be fold after the faid firth Amenca.	^

3?72.] Anno duodecimo G£orgii III. c.6o»

ay of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, af ic publick rale of the united company of merchants of England ading to the Eajl Indies, or which after that time (hall be im-orted by licence, in pursuance of an aft of parliament made in le eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King Georg* ie Second, (intituled, An 4ft for repealing the prefent inland duty rfour fallings per pound weight upon all tea fold in Great Britain* nd for granting to his Majejly certain other inland duties, in lieu hereof \ and for better fecuring the duty upon tea, and other duties of xctfe\ and for purfuing offenders out of one county into another;) nd which mall be exported from this kingdom as merchandize o Ireland, or any of the Britijb colonies or plantations in Ante-ica9 three-fifth parts of the feveral duties of cuftoms which were »aid upon the importation of fuch teas; which drawback or al-owance, with refpeft to fuch tea* as (hall be exported to /r*~ and, (hall be made to the exporter in fuch manner, and under uch rules, regulations, fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, as* iny drawback or allowance is now payable out of the duty of :uftoms upon the exportation of foreign goods to Ireland5 and with refpeft to fuch teas as (hall be exported to the Britijb colonies and plantations in America, the faid drawback or allowance hall be made in fuch manner, and under fuch rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawback or allowance, payable out of .the duty of cuftoiqs upon foreign goods exported to foreign parts, was, could, or might be made, before the pairing of this aft, (except in fuch cafes as are otherwife provided for by this aft.)

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the Drawback not authority aforefaid. That tfie drawback allowed by this aft (hall |fn^p°r. * not be paid or allowed for any teas which (hall not be exported font to aft direftly from the warehoufe or warehouses wherein the fame (hall 10 Geo. I.

be lodged, purfuant to the direftions of an aft, made in the tenth year ot the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, and the before-recited aft, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second*

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Aftcr J®lf 5*

That from and^ after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand	tea^

feven hundred and feventy-two, no tea ihall be exported, or la- to Ireland, &c. den on board any (hip or veffel in order to be exported, to the kingdom of Ireland, or to any of the Britijb colonies or planta-.

tions in America, in any (hip of lefs burthen than eighty tons, j”f, burthen nor in any cbeft, calk, tub, or package whatfoever, other than than 80 tons, that in which it was Originally imported into Great Britain, nor &c. in any lefs quantity than the whole and entire quantity contained in any chert, calk, tub, or package, in which the fame was fold at the publick fale of the faid Eajl India company, or in UI}<*er penalty which the fame was imported by licence, as aforefaid, under the ^ fuch tea2 penalty of the forfeiture of fuch tea, and the package containing andrtie pack-the fame, of the value thereof.	age,

IV.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-laid, That if any merchant, or other perfon, (hall enter any tea

Vot.XXX.	M	for

162	Anno	duodecimo	GeoRGII	III. c. 60.	[1771.

Merchants for exportation to Ireland, or any of the Brsti/b colonies or plan-entering tea tations in America, in order to obtain the drawback allowed by America! and*a^> an<* tca ^all ** carried to any other part or place landing it in beyond the Teas, and landed there) then, and in every fuch cafe, other ports, the drawback paid, or to be paid for the fame, (hall be forfeit-to forfeit the ^ an(| ghc exporter of fuch tea, and the matter of the (hip or and*treble’ VC&1 on board which the fame was loaden and exported, and the value of every perfon concerned or affitting in the exportation, or land-the cargo. ing of the faid tea, whether any drawback hath been or is to be paid for the fame or not, (hall forfeit treble the value of fuch tet Manner of V. And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid, Thu profecutions. the feveral penalties and forfeitures, as well fpecifick as pecuniary, by this adt inflidted, (hall and may be fued for, profecuted, and recovered, in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record at Wtf ,	mtnjier,	by adtion, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of

his Majesty’* attorney-general, or in the name or names of feme officer or officers of the cuftotns, in fuch and the like manner and form, and by the fame rules and regulations, as other penalties and forfeitures for offences againft the laws relating to the cuttoms may, by any adt or adts of parliament now in race, be fued for, prosecuted, and recovered; and that one moiety of every fuch penalty and forfeiture (hall be to bis Majefty, hit heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of the cuttoms as (hall inform and profecute for the fame. After July 5, VI. And whereas by an a& of parliament made in the fixtb jter 177s, no part of the reign of his late tnajefly King George the 8econiy intituled, An ffbfd °fcall	^or kcttcr fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Ma-

be repaid, for jc^y’s ^*gar colonies in America, and other alts of parliament utticb fugan the	ore now in forcey no fort of fugars can be imported into the kingbi

growth of	^Ireland, but fuch only as /hall be fairly and bona fide leaden ed

foreign calo- flipped in Great Britain, and earned direfffy from thence in flip **c,#	navigated according to law: And whereas fugars, the growth and m-

nufallure of foreign plantations, not under the dominion of Us Ah-jejtyi exported from this kingdom to Ireland, do draw back all tkh-ties paid down or fecured upon the importation of fuch fugars, exup one half of the old fubftdy% amounting only to one /hilling and ten-and fixteen-twentietn parts of a penny, per hundred weight \ and it will tend to promote the exportation o/Britifh fugars from this tiq-dm to Ireland, and improve and increafe the trade of Us Majeffs fugar colonies, if the whole of the old fubfidywas retained upon ibt exportation of foreign fugars to Ireland from this kingdom; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after tbi fifth day of Julyy one thoufend feven hundred and feventy-two, no part of the rate or duty commonly called TheOldSubfidyi (hall be repaid or drawn back for any fugars, the growth, produce, or manufadture, of any foreign colony or plantation, not under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, or for any fa-gars, which are to be deemed and taken to be foreign fugars, bj any adt or adis of parliament now in force, which (hall be exported from this kingdom to Irelandy any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwitbftanding.

VILA*

1772.] Anno duodecimo GeoRGII III. c.So.	163

VII.	And whereas by an afty made in the fxth year of the reign Bounty alio** of bis prefent Majejly, (intituled, An act for allowing a bounty on 11 ib conmiued the exportation of Britijb-nxo&t cordage; and for difeontinuing * y^u the drawbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported,) a bounty was

granted upon the exportation of Uritifh-made cordage, under certain limitations and refriftions in the /aid aft mentioned; which bounty will ceafe and determine at the end of this prefent feffion of par\ia~ ment: And whereas it is expedient toot the (aid bounty fboutd be continued under fome further rejlriftions; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid,Tbat the (aid bounty allowed by the fata recited ad, (hall be, and the fame is hereby continued from the expiration thereof, for the further term of three years, under the Several regulations and reftriftions hcrein-aftcr provided and exprefled.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by No bounty the authority aforefaid. That no bounty (lull be allowed or paid allowed for by virtue of this ad for any cordage, which (hall he exported,

or entered for exportation, to any part of Afia3 Africa, or Ameri* America, oc cay the Ifle of Many or the ill?nds of Faro or Ferro; and that, in- the Me of Head of the oath required by the before recited ad to be made Man# by the exporter or manufadurer of fuch cordage, on the entry or debenture fuch exporter or manufadurer (hallTwear, that the faid cordage is of Britijb manufacture, and made from hemp import* ed from foreign parts, or from hemp of the growth of Great,

Britain, and not from hemp of the growth or produce of the Britijb colonies or plantations in America; and that the fame U really and truly exported, or intended to be exported to, and landed in fome foreign part of Europe, as exprefled in the entry, by way of merchandife, and not for the ule of the (hip in her voyage, nor relanded, nor intended to be relanded, in any part of Great Britain, or landed, or intended to be landed, in Afia,

Africa, or America, the lfle of Many or the iflands of Faro or Ferro.

IX.	And it is hereby further enafted, That, in all other re- Regulations fpefts, the ieveral regulations, reftriftions, fecurities, penalties, *nd reftric-and forfeitures, mentioned and prefcrihed in and by the faid re-

cited aft, (hall extend and be applied to cordage exported in pur- to‘t0 fuance of this aft, as fully and cffeftually, to all intents and cordag* ex-purpofes, as if the fevcral claufes relative thereto had been re- ported in pur* peated and again enafted in this prefent aft.	fujnee of this

X.	And be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaid. That *T .... from and after the pafling of this aft, the like liberty which is of^ importing granted by an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his pre- ricc from 5 fent Majefty, (intituled. An act for more effectually fecuring and America, by encouraging the trade of bis Majefty*s American dominions; for re- aft 5 Geo. Ill# pealing the inland duty on toffee impafed by an aft made in the thirty-

fecond year of bis late majefy King George the Second, and for granting an inland duty on all coffee imported, (except coffee of the growth of the Britilh dominions in America;) for altering the bounties and drawbacks upon fugars exported; for repealing part of an aft made in the twenty-third year of bis faid late	whereby bar iron,	made

M2	iu

164	Anno	duodecimo	GeoRGH III. c. 60.	[1772.

in the /aid dominions* was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or tarried coo/hvife\ and for regulating the fees of the officers of the cuftoms in the faid dominions*) to import rice from any of the Brittjh plantations in America, into the port of Plymouth* and fc-veral other ports of this kingdom in the faid aft mentioned, for immediate exportation into foreign parts, upon payment of one extended to half of the old fubfidy, (hall be extended to the ports of Brifld, Briftol, Liver-;Liverpool, Lancafier* and IVbitehaven* under the fame rules, re-poole, Lancaf-gUjatjons> and reftriftjons, in all refpefts, as are preferibed and Whiteoaven. direfted by the faid recited aft, with refpeft to rice fo imported . ' into the fcveral ports in the faid aft particularly mentioned.

Oath requir- XI. And whereas by an a Cl* made in the ninth year of the reign sf cd by aft bis prefent Majejiy, (intituled* An act for better fecuring the da-9 Geo. III. ties of cuftoms upon certain goods removed from the out-pom, <and other places, to London; for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms in the province of Senegambia in Africa-* for allowing to the receivers-general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland a proper compenfation for their trouble and expences; for the better prefervation of hollies, thorns, and quickfets, in forefts, chaces, and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods* in forefts and chaces ; and for authorifing the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley called Bigg from the port of Kirkwall, in the iflands of Orkney*) it is \amongJl other things) enabled* That if any foreign baft* or Jlraw* chip, caney or borfe hair hats or bonnets* foreign platting* or other for ago manufacture of baft* Jlraw* chip, cane* or horfe hair, proper for making of hats or bonnets, Succus Li quantise, commonly called Spanish Juice, of foreign produce or manufacture, foreign Jnuff* Nanquin cloth* muftin* foreign callico* foreign dimity* or China earthen-wort, exceeding the quantities therein respectively mentioned, /ball have ban. imported or feifed within the port of London, and font from theta to any out-port for fale* fuch goods Jball not be removed from any out-port into the port 0/* London, or the members thereof or to any place wbatfoever within the dijiance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange of London, without a certificate from the colleger* or other ,	proper officer of his Majejiy's cuftoms, at or near eft to the port or plan

from whence Jucb goods are intended to be removed* certifying that tee owner or proprietor of fuch goods hath made oath before him that the find goods, and every part thereof had been fent to Jucb owner or proprietor from London for foie* in the lawful way of trade* referring to the time when, with the name and refidence of the perfon from whom fuch goods were fent, and that fuch owner or proprietor verify believed the duties payable upon the importation of fuch goods had been duh paid and fatisfied, or that the faid goods bad been before compounded for or condemned 5 and that the faid certificate Jbail exprefs the quantity and quality of the faid goods with the marks of the package thereof* to what places* and to whom the fame are coqfigned* and by what carriage the fame are intended to be removed 5 and if the faid goods are removed by land* the faid certificate /ball alfo exprefs and limit tie time for which the fame/ball continue in force; and whereas fuch goods are frequently feat frorq Loudon for fale to feveral inland parts of

tbit

x 772-] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 60.	i

this kingdom, very dijiant and remote from any out-port or place where any collector, or other officer of the cuftoms is rcfidenty and the proprietors of fucb goods cannot, without great inconvenience and expence, make the proof and obtain the certificate required by 'the /aid recited a£t upon the return of fuch goods: now, for remedy thereof, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day of July y one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, if any of the laid goods, exceeding the quantities in the before recited a<5i mentioned, which fhall have been imported or feifed within the port of London, and fent from thence into the country for fale, (hall be afterwards removed by land from any place in this kingdom, which (hall exceed the diftance of five miles from any port or place where any cuftom-houfe is eftablifhed, or any col-ledlor or other officer of the cuftoms (hail refide, in order, and with an intent, te be brought into the port of London, or the members thereof, or to any place whatfoever within the difiance .... of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange of London, the faid oath byt'he* required by the faid recited adt (hall and may be adminifiered chief magi, by the chief magifirate of any corporation at or nearefi to the ftrate of any place from whence fuch goods are intended to be removed, who corporation* is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame, and to grant a certificate thereof, in the form and to the effedl required by the faid recited adt, under his hand, and the publick feal of fuch corporation; any thing in the faid recited adt to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted by tfie Ftofetares of authority aforefaid. That the fevcral forfeitures, pains, and pen- toc«civd alties, inflicted and incurred by the faid recited adt upon the re- t0 xnoval of any fuch goods, without the certificate therein diredt-

ed, or falfely making oath to any of the fadts by the faid adt required to be fworn, or for counterfeiting, rafing, or falfifying any fuch certificate, or for knowingly or willingly shaking ufe of any fuch certificate fo counterfeited, rafed, altered, or falfified,

(hall extend to this adt, and be in full force againfi every perfoq who (hall adt contrary thereto, in as full and ample manner as if the fame had been again particularly repeated and re-enadted in the body of this adt*

XIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any action or fuit (hall be commenced againfi any per-fon or perfons for any thjng done in purfuance of this adt, tin; defendant or defendants, in fuch adtion or fuit, may plead the

general ifTue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence General iffue. at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt; -and if it fhall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be non-fuited, or dif-continue his adtion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer againfi the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as Treble cod* defendants have in other cafes by law.

M3

CAP.

Preamble.

Mo perftms to jsanufalture gunpowder, except in mills where it is carrying on at the palling hereof*

without a licence for that purpofe.

No perfon hereafter to ufe a Peftle Mill.

Not exceeding 49 lb, to be made at any time under a (ingle pair of mill (tones.

Anno duodecimo GeoRGII III. C. 61.	£	1772.

CAP. LXL’

An aft to regulate the makings keeping y and carriage of gunpowder , within Great Britain and to repeal the laws hen-t of ore made for any of thofe purpofes.

WHEREAS the manufafture of gunpowder within Grez Britain, though necejfary to he encouraged in refptft of i-. value of gunpowder, as an article of defence and commerce, jet oe?h to be regulated by law, in order to prevent the great mifehiefs may arije from explofons occafmed by the improper conjiruftiou &i nfe of the mills, engines, and buildings, employed in the making of gr*-powdery and for keeping and carrying gunpowder in too great titieSy or in an improper manner: and whereas the aft pqffcd in ?• lajf J'ejfton of parliament, intituledy An act for reducing into one» of parliament the feveral laws relating to the keeping and ar-riage of gunpowder, and for more effeftually preventing mli chiefs, by keeping or carrying gunpowder in too great quarni-ties, contains no provifion for regulating the making of gttnpewdr, and is in other refpefts defeftivey on which account it may be estez:-nient to repeal the faid afty andy in the room thereof \ to have a err law for regulatingy as well the making as the keeping and carriage d gunpowder \ be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excelfet majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritts1 and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament atffcm-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That no perfon or per-fons (hall ufe, or caufe to be ufed any mill or mills, or other engine or engines, for the making of gunpowder, or ir> any ma-ner manufafture gunpowder in any place or places within Grai Britain, except in mills and other places where the mranufaftare of gunpowder (hall be aftually carrying on at the time of the commencement of this aft, or where it (hall afterwards becom: lawful to carry on fuch manufafture, by obtaining a licence for that purpofe, under the provifions herein-after contained, upen pain of forfeiting all gunpowder manufactured contrary to tbe afore faid provifion, and alfo two (hillings for every pound of foch gunpowder.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons whatsoever (hall, for the making of gunpowder, employ, work, or ufe, any mill or engine, worked with a peftle or peftles, and commonly called a Pejlle Milly upon pain of forfeiting all gunpowder manufaftured therein, and alfo two (hillings for every pound of fuch gunpowder.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall, in or with any mill or engine ufed for the making of gunpowder, make or caufe to be made, at any one time under any (ingle pair of mill ftones, any quantity of gunpowder, or materials to be made into gunpowder, exceeding forty pounds, upon pain of forfeiting all gunpowder fo made at one time, and exceeding the faid quantity of forty pounds, and alfo two (hillings for every pound of fuch gunpowder.

JV. Pro-

177a.] Anno duodecimo Geqrgii III. c,6r.	167

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho- No perfon H-

rity aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons (hall be liable to any cutLn°fSr°tC* profecution under this adl, for ufmg any pcftle mill or mills in ufirtg peftic the making of gunpowder, or for making above the quantity of mills, See. till forty pounds of gunpowder at a time, under every Angle pair ofonc	aftcr

mill (tones in any one mill, till after the expiration of one year ^ent oftS^ from the time of the commencement of this a&.	a^#

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the autbo- Nothing here* rity aforefaid, That nothing in this adi contained (hall extend, in to extend or be conftrued to extend, to the powder mills at this time*?^ "”^ •reded in the parifhes of Rattle* CrmbwJl* Seddiefcomb, and crowburft, Brede, in the county of Suffix* to far as relates to the making Seddelicomb, fuch fine fowling gunpowder only, as is known and diftinguifh" and Brede. ed by the name of Batik powder.

VI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That Net exceeding no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall dry, or caufe to be dried, 49«v/. to be at any one time, in any one (love or place, ufed for the drying at 0110 of gunpowder, any quantity of gunpowder exceeding forty hun- u

dred weight, upon pain of forfeiting all gunpowder above the faxd Quantity of forty hundred weight, and the fum of two (hill* ings tor every pound of fuch gunpowder

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, No greater

That it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons whatfoever	.

to keep in any corning*houfe, drying-houfe, dufting-houfe, or immediate other place, ufed for or in the making of gunpowder, or in any oft to be building adjoining or belonging thereto, (except magazines or kept in any ftore houfes conftrudted with ftone or brick, and (ituate fifty drying-houfe, yards at lead from the gunpowder mill or mills,) any greater

quantity of gunpowder than (hall be neceflary for the immediate work then carrying on in fuch coming-houfe, drying-houfe, dufting-houfe, or other place ufed for or in the making of gun-* powder, upon pain of forfeiting all the gunpowder kept above fuch necefiary quantity, and the fum of two (hillings tor every pound of fuch gunpowder.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Sufficient ma-That all and every perfon or perfons, keeping or ufing any g*z*n«*rc-mill or mills, or other engine or engines, for the making of Sc^iSS^o gunpowder, (hall, befides the magazine of magazines, and (lore- be provided § houies, near their mills, have or provide a good and futiicient magazine or magazines, remote from their refpedlive mills, for

the purpofe of receiving and fafe-keeping all the gunpowder made at fuch mill or mills, as foon as the fame can, from time to time, be conveniently removed thereto, (which lad-mentioned magazine or magazines (hall be well and fubftantially built with brick or ftone, near the river Thames, and below Blaciwall, or in fome other convenient place to be licenfed by the juftices of the peace, in manner herein-after mentioned,) upon pain that os penalty of , all and every perfon or perfons making gunpowder, without *5I-per min-having fuch magazine or magazines remote from their mills, or month fuch* other places of making gunpowder, (hall forfeit the fum of twen- magazine ty-five pounds for every month during which fuch perfon or (hau be want-m 4	perfons

No profecu-tions for laft penalty to take place* till one year from the com-snencement thereof.

No charcoal to be kept .within so yards of any mill.

16S	Anno	duodecimo Georgii ill. c. 61.	{177^

perfons (hall pnake gunpowder without having fuch magazine or magazines, and the fum of five pounds for every day during which he, (he, or they (not being hindered by firefs of weather, or other juft impediment) (hall wilfully negleA or delay removing, with due diligence, the gunpowder made at fuch mill or mills, from thence, or from the magazine or magazines, and ftorehoufes adjoining thereto, to the magazine or magazines fo to be fituate remote from the mill.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority afqrefaid, That no maker or makers of gunpowder (hall be liable to any profecution under this alt, for not having a magi* gine or magazines remote from their refpedive gunpowder mill or mills, till after the expiration of one year, from the time of the commencement of this aIt.

X.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every maker and makers of gunpowder, who (hall keep, or permit to be kept, any charcoal within twenty yards of any mill or mills, or other engine or engines, for making gunpowder, or of any drying, corning, or dufting-houfe, or magazine or ftore-houfe thereto belonging, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every week during which fuch charcoal (hail be fo kept.

Dealers not to XI. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, keep more That no perfon or perfons (hall have or keep, at any one time, tban *00lb. of being a dealer or dealers in gunpowder, more than two hundred gunpowder, . p0urujs Qf gunpowder; and not being fuch, more than fifty at one time* pOUn<jg Qf gUnp0W(jcrj any houfe, mill, magazine, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, yard, wharf, or other building or place, occupied by the fame perfon or perfons, (all buildings and places adjoining to each other, and occupied together, being to be deemed one houfe or place within this alt,) or on any river or other water, (except in carriages loading or unloading or palling on the land, or in (hips, boats, or vefTels, loading or unloading, or palling on any river, or other water, or detained there by the tide or bad weather,) within the following limits; (that is to fay,) within the cities of London or Wejhninjler> or within three miles of either of them, or within any city, borough, or market town of Great Britain, or one mile 6f the fame, or within two miles of any palace or houfe of refidence of his prefent Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or of her prefent majefty thp Queen, or any Queen confort, or dowager, or within two miles of any gunpowder magazine, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or foe-ceffors, or within half of a mile of any pari(h church, or in any pther part of Great Britain, (except in mills or other places which at the commencement of this alt (hall be ufed for the making of gunpowder, and the magazines, ftorehoufes, and offices thereto adjoining and belonging, and in the places where it (hall be lawful to make gunpowder, or to keep greater or unlimited quantities.of gunpowder, by force of the provifions here-ip-after contained,) on pain of forfeiting all the gunpowder beyond the quantity hereby allowed to be kept, and the barrels in

which

Magazine*

pled before the commencement hereof ex-

77^*] Anno duodecimo Georoii III. c.6i.	169

tiich fuch gunpowder (hall be; and alfo two fhillfngs for every >und of gunpowder beyond fuch allowed quantity.

XII.	Provided always, and be it 'further ena&ed by the au- 3°°lb* of lority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any per- £££**[ ?t3r >n or perfons to keep, for the ufe of any mine or colliery, any thc Q£* uantity of gunpowder, not exceeding three hundred pounds mines, eight, in any magazine or warehoufe, fo as fuch magazine or rarehoufe be within two hundred yards of the refpe&ive mino

r colliery for the ufe of which fuch gunpowder (hall be kept, nd alfo that fuch magazine or warehoufe be not within any of he limits herein-before particularly deferibed.

XIII.	And whereas it may be necejfary to have fame places appoint-

dy in which it may be lawful to ere ft new mills* or other engines* for for conftrud-laking gunpowder* with proper magazines and offices adjoining there- ing new mills. 9y and to have magazines for beeping unlimited quantities of gunpow-!fr in places where there are no mills* be it therefore enacted. That t fhalJ be lawful for the juftices of the peace for each county,

>r other divifion, within Great Britain, at their general quarter eflions of the peace, upon application made to them by any >erfon or perfons, (fuch perfon or perfons having given notice n writing of the intention to make fuch application, as alfo of he place or places propofed for fuch purpoies refpe&ively, fourteen days before making it, to an overfeer or churchwarden of the pari(h or place in which it is propofed to ered or make any Tuch new mill, and offices or magazine, or of an adjoining pa-ri(h, if the place (hall be extraparochial; which overfeer or churchwarden is hereby required to caufe fuch notice to be pub* lickly read on the Sunday next enfuing, in the pari(h church af-» . ter divine fervice,) from time to time, to licence the ere&ing or having fuch mills for making gunpowder, and proper offices adjoining thereto, or fuch magazines for keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder in fuch places not being within London or IVeJhninfier* or any other limits within Great Britain* herein-before particularly deferibed*

XIV.	And whereas it would be proper that the determination ^Proceedings the faid court of quarter-feffions* on any fuch application * Jbould not he *JVe~ final* but that any perfon or perfons who Jhall be refufid fuch licence or appointment by the faid court of quarter feffions* jbould have an op- fions to King's portunity of bringing his or their cafe before the court of King’s Bench. Bench, in order that the faid court may finally hear and determine the fame\ be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That in every cafe where the faid court of quarter-feffions (hall, on fuch application made as aforefaid, refufe to licence any fuch new mills and magazines for making and keeping gunpowder, or to appoint pieces of ground for magazines of gunpowder, remote from any mills, it (hall be lawful for all perfons who may think themfelves aggrieved by fuch refufal, to apply to filch court of quarter-feffions, for a fpecial cafe thereupon ; and the juftices then prefent (hall, and are hereby required, to certify the fpecial circumftances of the cafe in queft'on, together with the proofs offered for aad agaiaft the application, in order that the faid cafe

and

* 7©

FJo pfrfon liable to pay any penalty, till fix months after an adjudication by the juftices.

ju(Vices to appoint proper ground for ere&ing magazines.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.6i.	[1772.

and proceedings may.be removed, by writ of Certiorari, into the court of King's Bttub \ and the faid juftices (hail, and they are hereby required, in their return to fuch writ of Certiorari to ftate fuch fpecial cafe, to the end that the £iid court of Brgj Bench may judge of the real merits thereof; and if upon the whole matter it (hall appear to the fatisfa&ion of the laid court of King's Bench, that the juftices ought not to have tefufed the faid licence or appointment, then, and in fuch cafe, the hid court (hall have power, and is hereby directed to make an order up® the faid juftices to grant fuch licence, or make fuch appointment, without any frelh application, at their next general qmr-ter-feffions of the peace 1 and the cofts, to be incurted by reak of fuch writ of Certiorari, (hall be awarded according to the discretion of the faid court of King's Bench.

XV.	Provided nevertheless, and be it further ena&ed, That no perfon (ball be liable to pay any penalty or profecution under this a6t, for, keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder, without fuch licence of the juftices, in any magazine apart and remote from any gunpowder mill, and already built and ufed for that purpofe, in any place not being within London and

fler% and the other limits within Great Britain herein before particularly described, until the expiration of fix calendar months, after an adjudication by the juftices of the peace for the county or other divifion, in which any fuch magazine (hall be, at their general quarter-feffions of the peace, that the fame is dangerous; it being hereby declared that they (hall not have authority to make any fuch adjudication, except on complaint made to then of any fuch magazine, by feme houfe-bolder of the pariih or place in which the magazine (hall be, and after due fumtnons of the owner or owners of the magazine complained of, to ao*| fwer fuch complaint; and after fuch examination on oath of the witnefies produced, to fupport or invalidate fuch complaint; and alfo that no perfon (hall be liable, at any time, to any penalty or profecution whatfoever, for keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder, without fuch licence of the juftices of the peace, it any magazine eretfted by appointment of the juftices of the peace, under the power given to them by any of the former ads regulating the keeping and carriage of gunpowder.

XVI.	And whereas by this aft the maters of gunpowder tinil It liable to penalties for not having magazines remote from their mil% and in fome cafes they may not be able to agree for the purthjt if pieces of ground proper for fuch magazines 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority afbrefatd. That the juftices of the peace for each county or other divifion, within Great Britain, (hall, on application made to them, at their general quarter-feffions of the peace, by any maker or makers of gunpowder, from time to time, appoint proper and convenient pieces of ground, (not being within London or Wtftrmnfter, or any other limits of Grtsi Britain, herein-before particularly deferibed, and not exceeding one acre in any one place,) with the ufe of convenient roads thereto, on which pieces fo to be appointed* fuch makers of gun-

772*1 Anno duodecimo Georgii 111. c.6i.	171

owder may eredl magazines for keeping gunpowder in any

[uantity, after, having agreed with the owners of fuch grounds

or the purchafe of the fame; and if any fuch owner (hall not

gree, or bv reafon of any impediment cannot fo agree, fuch

uftices (ha)i iflue a warrant to the (heriff of the county, or other

officer having return of writs within their jurifdi&ion, to im-

>anel and return before them, at fuch times and places as (hall

>e appointed by fuch warrant, a fufficient jury, who, upon their

>aths, to be adminiftered by the faid juftices, (hall enquire into

he true value of the faid pieces of ground, with the ufe of fuch

onvenient roads thereto, and their verdidts (hall be kept with

he records of the faid feflions refpcdlively; and the judgement Judgement of

>f the faid juftices thereon (hall be final and condufive to all juftices to be

parties: and for that end the fiiid juftices (hall have power to

end for any perfons interefted, and to examine any parties or

titneftes upon oath; and the Turns of money fo to be aflefied and

djudged not exceeding thirty years purchafe, (hall be paid to

he owners of the faid ground, according to their refpedtive in-

erefts therein, in fuch proportions as (hall be adjudged by the

aid juftices; and upon fuch payment, or in cafe of renifal to ac-

ept the money, then upon leaving the fame with the juftices,

ar the benefit of the owners, the inheritante of the faid ground,

nd the ufe of the faid roads thereto, (hall be vefted in the pur*

barers thereof, their heirs and affigns* for the purpofe afore*

aid, and not otherwife.	*

XVII.	And whereas leafes or agreemints for leafes may have been

tade of magazines or other plates for keeping gunpowder, and, in con- void former \quence of this aft, it may become unlawful to keep unlimited quanti- leafe* or ies gu npoivder in Jlme of fuch magazines or places; be it therefore agreements, nadted, That in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for he lefiee or tenant of any fuch magazine or place for keeping ;unpowdcr, to make void any fuch leafe or agreement, upon on giving ;iving three calendar months notice in writing to the leflor or three months twner of fuch magazine or place, of the defire of the tenant to to tiic lave fuch leafe or agreement determined, and upon paying toIeffor* jeh leiTor or owner all rents and fums of money which mail ecome due for the fame, to the time of determination limited 1 fuch notice, and upon performing all covenants and agree* icnts on the part of the leffee or tenant to that time.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted, That no perfon or per- No greater >ns (hall have or convey at any one time within Great Britain ity tobe lore than twenty-five barrels of gunpowder, in any waggon, {jn^tiroe ** art, or other carriage by land, or more than two hundred bar. than

:ls of gunpowder, in any barge, boar, or other veflel by water, rels, by land, except in veflels with gunpowder imported from, or to be ex- and not ex-orted to, any place beyond the fea, or going coaftwife,) and all ^rrehfby00 unpowder conveyed on land or water, (except in fuch veflels water# y :>r importation or exportation of gunpowder, or going coaft* dfe,) (hall be in barrels clofe joined and hooped, without any on about them, and fo fccured that no part of the gunpowder

be

No gunpow-der to be loaded, till that condemned be unloaded.

Perfons fmoaking on board veflels loaded with powder to lorieit 5I.

An^o duodecimo Georcti III.c. 6t.	[ 1772.*

be fcatterod in the paffage j and each barrel (hall contain no more than one hundred pounds of gunpowder; and when con* veyed by land (hall be entirely inclofed in a leather bag, or a bag commonly called A. Salt Petre Bag; and every carriage in which gunpowder (hall be conveyed by land, (hall have a com* pleat covering of wood, painted doth, tarpaulin, or wadmill tilts, over all the gunpowder therein contained: and alfo no gunpow* der (hall be conveyed in any barge, boat, or other veflel by water, (except in ve(Tels with gunpowder imported, or to be exported in manner aforefaid, or going coaftwife,) that hath not a dote deck; and as foon as any gunpowder is put on board fuch veflel, all fuch gunpowder (hall be covered with raw hides or tarpaulins ; and all gunpowder, which (hall be carried or conveyed, (except in fuch veflels with gunpowder for importation or exportation as aforefaid, or going coaftwife,) within any pan of Great Britain, in greater, quantity, or in other manner than is herein-before preferibed, and the barrels in which fuch gunpowder (hall be, may be feized by any perfon or perfons who (hail have the fame authority to remove fuch gunpowder and barrels, and to ufe for that purpofe, during the fpace of twenty-four hours after feizure, the carriage or veflel in which fuch gunpowder (hall be feized, and the tackling, beads, and accoutrements belonging thereto, on the terms of paying a recompence for the ufe thereof; and to detain fuch gunpowder and barrels as is herein-after given to perfons fearching under a warrant of a juftice of the peace; and fuch feizure (hall be for his, her, or their own ufe, pn convidion of the offender or offenders.

XIX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That when any barge, boat, or veflel, having ftale, condemned, or returned gunpowder on board, arrives at the wharf, key, or other place where the fame is intended to be landed, no perfon or perfons (hall begin to unload, or (hall bring down to fuch wharf, key, or other place, with intent to load in fuch veflel any other gunpowder, until the whole, or a part of fuch ftale, condemned, or returned gunpowder, be firft unloaded and carried away from fuch whan, key, or other place of landing; and after fuch unloading and carrying away of part of fuch gunpowder, no perfon or perfons (hall begin to load, or (hall fo bring down, with intent to load, any greater quantity of other gunpowder than the part unloaded and carried away, on pain of forfeiting all fuch gunpowder as (hall be fo brought down or loaded contrary to the aforefaid provifion,

XX; And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons, having the care or management of any barge, boat, or other veflel whatfoever, (except (hips or veflels with gunpowder on board imported from, or to be exported to places beyond fea, or going coaftwife), loaded with gunpowder, or any other perfon on board the fame, (hall bring, have, or ufe, or permit any perfon or perfons to bring, have, or ufe any charcoal or other conibuftible matter, or any fire or

lighted

* 72.] Aftno duodecimo GeoRGii lit. c. 61.	173

;Htcd candle, or (hall fmoak, or wittingly permit any perfon > fenoak, on board the fame, all and every fuch perfon and per-ns (hall forfeit the futn of five pounds*

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, ,01. penalty 'liat no perfon or perfons having the care of any waggon, cart, for perfon*

r other carriage, ufed for the conveyance of gunpowder by land, 2mefinload-iall, after beginning to place or load therein any quantity of fog oMjJoad"-unpowder, or beginning to unload the fame thereout, (lop or fog powder by ray at any place of loading, or in the loading or unloading, fuf- land or water sr any longer time to pafs than with the ufc of ail due diligence carriage-nail be reasonably neceffary for the purpofe of loading or unfading ; and no perfon or perfons having the charge or care of ny barge, boat, or other veflel ufed for the conveyance of gunpowder by water, except in the cafe of vcffels loading for impor-ation or exportation of gunpowder to or from places beyond ea, or going coaftwife), (hall, after beginning to load or un-oad anyjquantity of gunpowder, flop or (lay at any wharf, key,

>r other place of loading, or in the loading or unloading thereof fuffer any longer time to pafs than with the ufe of all due liligence (lull be reafonably neceffary for the purpofe of load-ng or unloading, not exceeding eighteeen hours, unlefs hin-lered by the weather; and every fuch barge, boat, or veilel,

[except fuch veflels as aforefaid), naving fo compleated her load-ng, (hall depart from the place of loading on her courfe the Eirft enfuing tide, unlefs hindered by (Irefs of weather, or other juft impediment; and no peribn (hall load, take in, carry, or tonvey, in any waggon, cart, or other land carriage laden with gunpowder, or in any barge, boat, or veffel laden with gunpowder, on any river, (except in the cafe of veffels laden with gunpowder for importation from, or exportation to, places beyond fea, or going coaftwife), any other lading of any kind whatlbever; and all and every perfon and perfons offending a-gainft any of the aforefaid provifions for loading and unloading,

(hall, for each offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafied by the au- protifion

thority aforefaid. That none of the aforefaid provifions for, or mention'd to relative to, the conveyance of gunpowder, or the loading or extend to unloading thereof, (hall extend to any other waggon, cart, or olhcrJarn-land-carriage, or any other barge, boat, or veffel, than fuch as ^ofe* laden (hall be loaded with, or employed in, conveying a quantity of with gun-gunpowder exceeding one hundred pounds weight.	powder.

XXIII.	And, for the more eafy iifeovery of tbe making, keeping, and to \fm

carriage of gunpowder contrary to the provifions berein-before made, lue a warrant be it further enadled, That it (hall be lawful for any jullice of to fearch for the peace of any county, or other divifion within Great Britain, Pov*der made in which gunpowder is fufpeiled to be made, kept, or carried,	°

contrary to this all, on demand made, and a reafonable caufe

aCfigned upon oath by any perfon or perfons, to iffue a warrant or warrants, under his hand and fea), for fearching, in the daytime, any houfe, mill, magazine, (lorehoufe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, yard, wharf, or other place, or ?ny carriage, (hip,.boat,

4	or	-

*74

remove it.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. 61.	[1771.

or veflel, in which fuch gunpowder is fufpe&ed to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this ad ; and that all gunpowder found upon fuch fearch to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this ad, and alfo the gunpowder barrels, (hall be immedi* ^archers to ^1 atejy (eiz^ed by the fearcher or fearchers, who (hall, with all they find! and convenient fpeed after the fcizure, remove fuch gunpowder, and the barrels in which it (hall be, to fuch proper places as they, in conformity to the reftridions of this ad, (hall think &: airi in the cafe of any fuch gunpowder feized in any carriage or vii> fel, may ufe for the purpofe of removal, during the (pace of twenty-four hours after feizure, fuch carriage or veflel, with tbt tackling, beads, and accoutrements belonging thereto, (payieg afterwards to the owner or owners thereof a fufficient recom-pence for the ufe thereof, to be fettled by the juftices before whom the complaint (hall be beard, after the feizure j and ia cafe of nonpayment, immediately after fettlement by fuch juices, to he recoverable by diftrefs and fale of the parties goods and chattels, as is berein-aftcr direded concerning the .pecuniary penalties of this ad); and may detain fuch gunpowder, and the barrels in which it (hall be, till it (ball be adjudged, on a bearing before any two or more fuch juftices, whether the use (hall be forfeited; and fuch fearcher or fearchers, fcizer or fa* (hall not be liable to any fuit for fuch detainer, or for an;

Seizers not liable to damage occasioned by detainer.

zers.

Regulation

the river Thames.

lofs of or damage which may happen to the faid gunpowder or barrels, other than by the wilful ads or negleds of them, <x the perfons with whom they (hall intruft the keeping thereof.

XXIV.	And, for feeurity of the great number of Jbipi and vtjth foHecurity of lying in the river Thames, and of the dock yards, wharfs, endbud-the veflcU in ingS> Qft the fides of the Thames above Blackwall, be it further

cnaded, That no mafter or commander of any (hip or other veiTel lying in the Thames, and outward bound, (hall receive, or permit to be received, on board any fuch (hip or veiTel more than twenty-five pounds of gunpowder, (except for the King’s fervice) before the arrival of fuch (hip or veiTel at, over-againi, or below Blackwall; and that the mafter or commander of every (hip or veflel coming into the river Thames, (hall (except ia the cafe of gunpowder for the King's fervice) put on (bore in proper places, in conformity to the reftridions of this ad, all the gunpowder on board fuch (hip or veiTel above the quantity of twenty-five pounds, either before the arrival of fuch (hiper veflel at Blackwall, or within twenty-four hours, (if the weather (hall permit), after coming tp an anchor there, or to the place of unloading there, and (hall not afterwards have on board more than twenty-five pounds of gunpowder, (except for the King’s fervice), on pain of forfeiting, for every offence, in any of the faid cafes, all the gunpowder found on board above the weight of twenty-five pounds, and the barrels in which fuch gunpowder (hall be, and alfo two (hillings for every pound d gunpowder above the quantity of twenty-five pounds.

XXV.	And% for tbt better difedvery of tnajlers or cmmmdm tj inward or outward-bound fhipSy who Jball have gunpowder in tier

fp

Mafter, warden, &c. of

1772.] Anno duodecimo Gsorgii HI. c. $t:	175

/hips or vejfth in the Thames contrary to this <7/7, be it further en- the Trinity a<5ted, That the mailer, warden, and aiTiilants of the corpora- Hou(e to aP* tion of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Sfrond, in the county of carc n Kent, for the time being, (hall, from time to time, appoint one or more perfon or perfons, a fearcher or fearchers for unlawful quantities of gunpowder in (hips or other veflels in the river Thames* which perfon or perfons, fo appointed, are hereby authorised, at any time between funrifing and funfetting, to enter any (hip or veflel (except his Majesty’s (hips) in the river Thames above Blackwall, and to fearchthe fame for unlawful quantities of gunpowder, and alfo (hall have the fame powers of feizing, removing to proper places, and detaining all fuch unlawful quantities of gunpowder found on board any (uch (hip or veflel, and the barrels in which fuch gunpowder (hall be, as are herein before given to perfons fearching for unlawful quantities of gunpowder under a warrant of a juftice of the peace.

XXVI.	And be h further enaded, That all penalties created Penalties and

by this a<S, (hall be recoverable before two or more juftices of forfeitures the peace for the county or other divifion in which the offence how t0 ** (hall be committed, on proof of the offence, by the oath or oaths	and

of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or on confeflion of pp

the offender; and one moiety of each penalty (hall belong to his Majesty, bis heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers profecutine for the fame; and where the penalty (hall be pecuniary, in cate of nonpayment, it (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant und£r~the hands and feals of fuch junices; and the overplus of Che money raifed, after deducting the penalty, and the expences of the diftrefs and fale, (hall be rendered to the owner; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, the offender (hall be fent, by fuch juftices, to the houfe of corre<5tion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fix months, nor left than three months, as fuch juftices (hall think mod proper.

XXVII.	And be it further ensiled, That no perfon (hal! be profecution to liable to any profecution for any offence againft this alt, unlefs be commenc-fuch profecution (hail be commenced within fourteen days after within 14 feizure of the gunpowder, or commiffion of the offence, where jlV*after there (hall not be any feizure; and that if any fuit or atSion (halll<lzurc#

be profecuted in England, againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this all, fuch perfon or perfons may plead the general iffue, and give this ad, or the fpeciai matter, in	_

evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame General,®ic» was done by authority of this alt; and if a verdiU (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difcontinue his, her, or their allion or actions, after iffue joined, or if on demurrer, or otherwife, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have the like Treble cods, remedy for the fame, as any defendants have by law in other cafes.	2

XXVIII. And

17 6

Limitation of aftions.

Not to extend to mills to be created on his Majesty’s lands, See. nor to thofe now ereded.

Not to extend to hinder unlimited quantities to be conveyed from (hips below Black* wall*

The aft to commence on July i, 177*.

Aft n Geo. j, See. hereby repealed.

Anno duodecimo Georgii 111. c.62.	[1772*

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That all aftions, fuits, and profecutions, to be commenced in England* againft any per-fon or perfons, for any thing to be done in purfuance of this aft, (hall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fact was committed, and (hall be commenced within fix calendar months after the faft committed, and not otherwife.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That this aft (hall not extend, or be any ways conftrucd to extend, to any mills or other buildings erefted, or which may hereafter be erefted, for the purpofe of making gunpowder, in any lands belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, or to the keep, ing of gunpowder at any ftorehoufe or magazine belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, or to hinder the trial ot gunpowder by bis Majefty's officers, as is ufual, for the fervice of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, or to the keeping of'gun-power at the magazines now erefted for that purpofe, of Bari-ing, Creekfmouib* in the county of Effex* and Eritb Lruel* in the county of Kent* or to the keeping of gunpowder at the magazines or ftorehoufes now erefted near Liverpooli* in the county of Lancajltr* or the city of Briftol* or to the carriage of gunpowder, to or from the King’s magazines, under a fpecial and exprefs order of the King’s board of ordnance; fuch order to contain the quantity of gunpowder fo to be carried, and the time for which fuch order (hall be in force * or to the carri^e of gunpowder with forces on their march, or with the militia, during their annual exercife; or which (hall be font for the ufe of fuch forces or militia.

XXX.	Provided alfo, and be it further ensured* That this prefent aft (hall not extend to hinder any perfon or perfoas from carrying or conveying an unlimited quantity of gunpowder, in fuch clofe-decked veffels, and manner as herein-before is direft-ed, from any (hips or veffels lying below Blackwall* to any of the magazines for gunpowder, fo fituate below Blatkwati, or from fuch magazines to any (hips or veffels lying below Blod-tvally and going to any place beyond fea, or coaftwife.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid, That this aft (hall commence, and begin to be in force, on the firft day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and (eventy-two; and from and immediately after the commencement thereof, an aft made in the laft feffion of this prefent parliament, (intituled. An act for reducing into one aft of parliament the feveral laws relaxing to the keeping and carriage of gunpowder, and for the mart effectually preventing mifehiefs, by keeping or carrying gunpowder in ta great quantities)* and all former ftatutes, fo far as they relate to the keeping and carriage of gunpowder, (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

CAP. LXII.

An ad to enable the lord bifhbp of Durham, and his fuccefiors, to raife i competent Aim of money, to be applied for the repairing, improving. « rebuilding, fuch part ot Tyne Bridge as belongs to the fee of DnrtiaiB.

CAP.

77^-3 Aiino duodecimo Geor&iI IfL c. 63.

*77

CAP. LXIil.

aff for redeeming tine million five hundred tboufand pound} of the capital flocks of three pounds per centum annuities* in the manner* and on the terms therein mentioned \ and for eftablijhing a lott&y.

Aloft gracious Sovereign*

1X7 E your Majefiy's moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Preambta V V Great Britain, in parliament affembled, being perfuaded that lotting would more effectually tend to the advancement of the publick ndit* and to the general inter eft of the kingdom* than if, from time 0 time* provifion Jbould be made for applying to the diminution of the unional debt all fuch fums of money as jball not be immediately wanted ror defraying the necejfary publick expenses* have refolved* that any Hrfon or perfons* bodies politick or corporate* poffeffed of interefted in* r inthled unto any annuities, being part of the capital or joint flock f three pounds per centum annuities* confolidated by feveral afts of arliament made in the twenty-fifth* twenty-eighth* twenty-ninth* birtj-fecond* and thirty third years of the reign of his late Moyeftp ing George the Second* and feveral fubfequent afls* which were mie payable and transferable at the bank 3/* England, or of the an-1vitits confolidated by the ads made in the twenty-fifth year of the •eign of bis faid late Majefty King George the Second\ and thefifth \tar of the reign of his prefent Majefty* called Reduced Annuities, ilfo payable and transferable at the bank (/England; or of certain free pounds per centum annuities, which are payable and transfer-'able at the South Sea houfe* colled Old South Sea Annuities, and Vew South Sea Annuites; or of three pounds per centum annul-its* payable in refpefl of two millions one hundred tboufand poundsi ranted by an ad made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of bis aid late Majefty King George the Second* for the fervice of the year ne tboufand /even hundred and fifty-one-* who* on or before the fif-ecntb day ofMay, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-two, and 'tfore the fum fubferibed Jball amount to the fum of one million five wtdred tboufand pounds* Jball fubferihe their names* or Jignify thetr onfent to accept* in lieu of their intereft in any part of the faid prin-

.... wfo ■

ipal or capital flock jlanding in their names* and in full Jatisfoflion nd difeharge thereof* the fum of ninety pounds in money for every one rndred pounds thereof* and in that proportion for any greater or left 'm or fums* compofing one or more entire fum or fums of one hundred ounds* fifty pounds* or twenty-five pounds* of Juch principal or canal flock* one moiety thereof to be paid on or before the fifteenth day f July, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-two* and the other Sjdjfcrjbert witty thereof on or before the twentieth day of O&ober, one thou- ^joolcapU and feven hundred andfeventy-two* together with the intereft due on til ftock, bo* be whole capital flock fo fubferibed to the fifth day of July, one thou- inthled to and feven hundred and feventy-two* fhall* for every one hundred four ^cketl m mnds principal or capitalflock as aforefaid fo fubferibed* be 'entitled ^o^Toft0 0 have and to receive four tickets in a lottery* to confift offixty thou- 60,ooo tick-and tickets, at the rate of twelve pounds ten/billings for each ticket, cts.atul.ios. Vox. XXX.	N	(Weach.

178

Anno duodecimo Georou 111. c. 63-	^1771

(and in that proportion for any greater or left firm), the faid tidiu to he paid for in manner following *, [that is to Jay), That every perjn Subfcribert in or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, fo fubfcribing or fignifying refpeftofeacb her, or their confent as aforefaids Jball, on or before the fifteenth k ticket to cjj May, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-two, make a dtpp Jjt*of by°* of one pound in refpeft of the money to be paid for each ticket, tu May 15/177* j fecurUy for making the future payments to the cajbiers of the hti;'

England, on or before the times berein-after limited; [that is tijq\ and ray in for an<* xn refpeft. ef every fucb ticket, two pounds, on or before tie ' refpeft of each nineteenth day of June, one thoujand feven hundred and fcvtntyt®\ ticket, a I. by the further fum of three pounds, on or before the twenty-femi in j June 19$ July, then next following; the further Jum of three pounds, cnsr'k-3I. by July ax; jori the twenty-firjl day of Auguft, then next following \ end tit 3I. byAug.115further fum of three pounds ten /hillings, on or before the fetsniiq and 3 L 10 s.' of October then next following: That upon fucb payments being t& by Oftober a, pitted% tickets Jhall be delivered as foon as the fame can be prepares I77%'	the perfons intitled thereto: That the fum of fix hundred thufal

pounds jhall be difiributed into prizes, for the benefit of the propriety into prizes % °f fortunate tickets in the faid lottery $ which prizes/ball befd to be paid at at	°fEngland, in money, to fucb proprietors, upenimud,

the bank, by on the firjl day of March one tboufand feven hundred and ftvaq-Marchi,i77*. three, or as foon after as certificates can be prepared, without anyk duftion whatfatver: and that all the monies to be receiwdby tbt jd cajbiers Jball be paid into the receipt of his Majefly's exchequer, ttbt applied, from time to time, to fuch firvices as Jball then ban ka voted by tHe houft of commons y in this fifjion of parliament; wide* ry perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, fo pojfejfed of, itir refledin, or intitled untoy any of the faid annuitusy and fo fiibjaik ing as aforefaid, Jhall have a certificate from the faid cajbiers tf th governor and company of the bank ^England, of the amount efu* principal or capital flock by them refpeftivdy fubferibei, and of £ fucb fum and fums of money, as hey Jbe, or theyy Jball be intitlcl u receive, in confxderation of fuch their fubfeription \ and in lieu ssi in d 'tfcharge of bis, her, or their capital flock fo fubfcribtd: attity ccrtifioite* to holders or bearers offitch certificates Jhall be paid at the bank of hi belaid*at* the ^an<^	fiveralfums of money expreffid in fuch certificates, togetbensxi

bank of Eng- interejl, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, a its land the fum* capital flock fo fubfetibed in the manner, and at the times, bereiu-btfsi exprefled, and	.	that, upon payment offuch fum or fums of money, withfi'

of 31. percent. tnterefl\ the whole of the principal or capitalflock Jo fubfcribtd, jtfi for aim,	fland difeharged and be annihilated; and the annuity payable in uj$

thereofJball, from the faid fifth day of July, one tboufand/events*’ dred and fiventy-two, ceafe and be extinguijbed: and whereas tz following fums have, in purfuance of the aforegoing refolution, kn fubferibed in books opened at the bank ^England; that is ts k The fum of fiven hundred and thirty-two tkoufand nine hundred ft feventy-five pounds, part of the capital or joint Jlock of three pm* per centum .annuities confolidated, by fiveral alls of parliament, i, she twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty ninth, thirtyfeconi, at thirty-third years of the reign of his late MajeJly King George w lifeond, and fevcral fubfiquent afts which wore made payable ir

*79

177*-} .Anno duodecimo GEORtiii III. c. £3.

ransferr able at the bank of England, the fum of three hundred nd eighteen thoufand three hundred pounds, part of the capital or nnt Jiock of annuities tonfolidated, by the afls of the twenty-fifth and wentyfixtb years of the reign of his faid late Majejly King George be Secondf, and the fifth year of the reign. of his prefent Majejly y oiled Reduced Annuities, alfo payable and transferrable there, of he feveral three pounds per centum annuities, payable and transferable at the South Sea Houfe, the fum of one hundred and ninety-our thoufand two hundred and fifty pounds, part of the joint flock of Id South Sea annuities, the Jum of one hundred and feventyfiie houfand three hundred and twenty-five pounds, part of the joint flock f mu South Sea annuities, and the fum of fevtnty-eight ihoufani m hundred and fifty pounds, part of the joint flock of annuities, \ranted by an aft of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of bis faid ate Majejly; which feveral Jums fo fubferibed, amount together, in hi whole, to the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds: We your Majefty’s moft faithful commons do therefore mod lumbly bcfcech your Majefty that it ma^ be ena&ed 5 and be it mailed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the tdvice and confenr of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and rommons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-:hority of the fame, That all and every perfon and perfons, bo* lies politick and corporate, who have fubferibed their names, )r fignified their conlent to accept of the terms afore mentioned, ball have and receive, from the cafhier or caftiicrs of the governor and company of the bank of England, in refpefl of fuch Turns fubferibed as are parts of the joint ftocks of annuities, pay* ible and transferrable there, and from the cafhier, or aocomp-lant-gcneral of the company of merchants of Great Britain trad-ng to the South Sets* and other parts of America, and for eti-rouraging the filhery commonly called the South Sea Company, or fuch parts of the feveral joint ftocks of annuities as are payable and transferrable at the South Sea Houfe; a certificate or cer • ificates, diftinguifhing the fum or fums fubferibed by him, her, >r them refpedtively, and alfo diftinguifhing of which of the faid spirals or joint ftocks afore-mentioned the fame is, or are a >art or parts, and what fum or fums of money, he, (he, or bey, is or are intitled to receive for the fame, according to the )roportion of ninety pounds in money, for every one hundred rounds of fuch ftock or capital fo fubferibed as aforefaid ; which rertificate or certificates the faid cafhiers or accomptant-general s and are hereby authorifed and required to make out, and de-iver to the proprietor or proprietors of fuch ftock fo fubferibed, >r to fuch perfon or perfons, as he, (he, or they, (hall by writ-ng under his, her, or their hand or hands, order and direS to eceive the fame, without any fee, reward, or gratuity whatfo-iver; and the fum fo contained or exprefied in fuch certificate 3r certificates to he in lieu of fuch ftock lb fubferibed as aforefaid, [hall be paid and payable to fuch fubferiber, or to the holder or )earer thereof, (fuch certificate or certificates being firft indorfed >y the proprietqs or proprietors of the fame), in manner follow-

a x	ingi

j8o

Treafury to apply a fum fufficicnt to difcbarge one moiety, which fubferibers are to receive

by Ju>y

*77*•

Remaining moiety to be paid before Oct. *o, 1771,

’ Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.63.	[1772,

ing; (that is to fay), one moiety or half part of the fum to which fuch fubfcriber is intitled on or before the fifteenth day cf July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, and the remaining moiety on or before the twentieth day of Oflobtr then next followingj the lame to be paid at the bank of England^ the South Sea houfe refpeflively, without any dedu&ion or abate* ment whatfoever; and fuch certificates (nail not be charged with any (lamp duties; any law or ftatute to the contnry notwithstanding.

II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforelaid. That the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury for tbc time being, (hill, and he or they are hereby authorifed and re* quired, to iflue and pay, or caufe to be iflued and paid, out of all or any of the aids or fupplies granted in this feffion of part ament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, unto the governor and company of the bank of England, the fum of four hundred feventy-three thoufand fe-venty-three pounds, and fifteen (hillings, to be by them diftri* buted and applied to pay off and difeharge one moiety of all the feveral fums of money, amounting to nine hundred forty-fix thoufand one hundred and forty-feven pounds, ten (hilling which the feveral fubferibers as aforefaid are intitled to receive, on on before the faid fifteenth day of July, one thoufand fewa hundred and feventy-two, in lieu and fatisfadion of their it* fpedlive capitals or (lock fubferibed, and which were payable at the bank of England and South Sea houfe refpedively; and aUb to iflue and pay, or caufe to be iflued and paid, unto the M governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery (commonly called The South Sea Company) the fum of two hundred and one thoufand nine hundred twemy-fiij pounds and five (hillings, out of any of the faid aids or fupplies, granted as aforefaid, to be by themdiftributed and applied onor before the faid fifteenth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, to pay off and difeharge one moiety of all tit feveral funis of money, amounting to four hundred and three thoufand eight hundred and fifty-two pounds, ten (hillings which fuch of the feveral fubferibers as aforefaid are entitled a receive, in lieu and fatisfaeftion of their refpedtivc capitals (locks fubferibed, as were payable at the South Sea houfe: and the faid commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any threes more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three a more of the commiffioners of the treafury, for the time being, are alfo authorifed and required to pay, or caufe to be paid, the further fum of four hundred and feventy three thoufand feventy* three pounds and fifteen (hillings, to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them iflued and applkc in full difeharge and fatisfa<51ion of the remaining moiety da and payable to the faid fubferibers, or the holders or bearers i

liit

772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.6$.	*181

>c certificates aforefaid, on or before the faid twentieth day of Wober> one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, to com-lete the whole Aim of nine hundred and forty-fix thoufand ne hundred and forty-feven pounds, ten (hillings, payable lere; and the fum of two hundred and one thoufand nine undred and twenty-fix pounds and five (hillings, to the faid mb Sea company, to be in like manner by them paid and pplied in fulldifcharge and iatisfa&ion of the remaining moiety ue and payable tp the feveral fubferibers, or the holders or earers of certificates made out at the South Sea houfe, payable n the faid twentieth day of Oflober, one thoufand feven hun-red and feventy-two, to complete the wjiolp fum of four hun-red three thoufand eight hundred and fifty-two pounds, ten idlings, payable at the South Sea houfe as aforefaid.

III.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the Bpk totranf. overnor and company of tne bank of England (hall caufe an ex- *n ***& ft lift, properly attefted, to be tranfmitted to the faid South Sea fow intided" jmpany, of all the feveral. perfons, bodies politick, and corpo- to the 3 per ite, poflefled of, interefted in, or intitled unto, the feveral cent, annui-iree pounds per centum annuities, payable and transferable attics*

le South Sea houfe, called Old South Sea Annuities New South ta Annuities* and annuities granted by an a<ft of parliament of !ie twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majefty King ieorge the Second, who have fubferibed their names, or figni-ed their confent, in the books opened at the bank of England,

) accept of the terms and conditions contained in the refolu-on aforefaid, in order that the ftock fo fubferibed may be dif-harged in the feveral books of thd faid South Sea company; and i order to enable the officers there, to make forth fuch certifi-ates as are herein directed to be made out, in lieu and fatisfac-on of fuch annuities refpe&ively; and the faid governor and ompany of the bank of England, and the faid South Sea com-any are hereby authorifed, directed, and required, to difeharge he feveral principal fums, parts of the capitals or joint flocks ibferibed as aforefaid, in order that the fame may be totally ank and annihilated; and the annuities payable in refpe& of lie fame, and all allowances or charges for management thereof, may, from the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hun-Ired and feventy-two, wholly ceafc and be extinguifhed.

IV.	. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the Subfcribers everal perfons, bodies politick or corporate, who have fubferibed intitled to re-heir names, or fignified their confent to accept of the terms and annuity Caftef onditions in the refolution aforefaid, (hall be intitled' to, and the rate of * hall continue to have and receive, for and in refpedl of their 31, per cent* irincipal or ftock fo fubferibed, their annuity or intereft, after peranum.

he rate of three pounds per centum per annum^ to the fifth day >f July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, and no onger.

V. And whereas the annuities eonfolidated, by the afis of the iwen- Payment of y-fifth and twenty fixth years of the reign of his late Malejly King out quarter’s ieorge the Second> and of the fifth year of the reign of bis prefent an?u,<2 bJl

N 3	Majejlyiordcrcd by

i8z

treafury to be made to July 5- *77*.

Annuities payable, to itand ledeem-cd} and after July s» *77*» to ceale.

ferfons forg jng certificates, to be adjudged mlty of fe-ny.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.6$. £i772.

Majejly, which are payable at the bank of England, and alfo the annuities payable at the South Sea boufey called Old South Sea Annuities, are direflei to be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day cf April, and the tenth day of October, in every year; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid,That the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer.i or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, is and are hereby authorifed and impowered to ifiue his or their warrant for the payment of one quarter's sr,-nuity or intereft, for and in refpeft of the principal or ftock fub-feribed of the faid annuities, confolidated by the faid a&s of the twenty-fifth and twenty-fixth years of the reign of his late Ma-jefty King George the Second, and of the fifth year of the rettn of his prefent Majefty, at the bank of England, to the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, cut of the funds applicable to the payment of the fame, according to the feveral a6ts of parliament for granting thofe refpe£Uve annuities, together with charges of management for the fame time, ^ny aor a<fts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any-wiie notwithftanding. And the faid South Sea company are alfo hereby authorifed, directed, and required, to pay one quarter’s"annuity for and in refpedt of the feveral principal fums fubferhd as aforefaid, being part of the joint ftock of old South Sea annuities, to the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, at the fame time, and in the fame manner, js other annuities due and payable on the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, are directed to bz paid ; any a6t or afts of parliament, or any cuftom or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed and declared, That the feve-ral annuities payable in refpedt of the principal fums fubferibe:

- as aforefaid, amounting in the whole to one million five hundred thoufand pounds, (hall ftand redeemed; and, together with the charges of management for the fame, (hall, from r-after the faid fifth day of July* one thoufand feven hundrelj and feventy-two, ceaie, determine, and be no longer paid.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaii That if any perfon or perfons (hall forge or counterfeit, or caus or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly adt <r\ aftift in the forging of counterfeiting any certificate or certificate:, order or orders, made forth by virtue of this prefent a<51, or 2: ter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter, vend, hanr. or difpofe of any fuch falfe, altered, forged, or counterfeit certificate or certificates, order or orders, or (hall bring any fV:i forged or counterfeit certificate or order, or any fuch certificate or order, the number whereof, or any figure or word there’:. (hall have been altered (knowing the fame to be fuch) to ir: faid cafhier or caJhiers, or accomptant-general of the bank ct England, or to the calhier or accomptant-general of the Sr/' Sea company refpedhvely for the time being; then, and in evj fuch cafe, all and every fuch perfon or perfons^ being there:-.'

CPC*

1*3

Anno duodecimo GeorOii III. c.63.'

tonvi&ed in due form of law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of dergy.

VIII.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, Subscribers to Thar the feveral perfons and bodies politick or corporate, who receive at the have fubfcribed their names, or (ignified their conient to accept

of the terms and conditions in the aforegoing refolution men- every tool, tioned, (hall have and receive, at the bank of England, tickets in the*lottery herein eftablifhed, in the proportion of four tickets for every one hundred pounds capital (lock fo fubfcribed as aforefaid, upon payment to the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England of twelve pounds ten {hillings for each ticket, at the times, and in the manner, here-in-before mentioned,

IX.	Provided always, That filch cafhier or cafhiers (hall give Cafhiers to fecurity to the good liking of any three or more of the commif- give fecuritief fioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, miffionemi for duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty’s thc treafury, exchequer, for the publick ufe, all the monies which he or they for paying the hath or have already received, and (hall hereafter receive, from monies into time to time, by virtue of this a<ft, and for accounting duly for

the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in him and them **	*

repofed; and (hall, from time to time, pay all fuch monies as foon as he or they (hall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards, at the fartheft, into, and (hall account for the fame, in the exchequer, according to the due courle thereof; deducing thereout fuch fuins as (hall be allowed to the faid cafhier or cafhiers for their labour, pains, and fer-vice, in purfuance of this a<5l, for which fums allowance (hall be made in his or their accounts.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Treafury to it (hall and may be lawful for three or more of the commiflioners “PP^hcjno-of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, to ifliie f/rvices voted and apply, .from time to time, all fuch fums of money as (ball this fcffion. be fopaid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, by the faid

ca(hier or ca(hiers, to fuch Cervices as (hall then have been voted by the commons of Gnat Britain in this pretent feffion of parliament.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,That	1°

the fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds (hall be divided *nt0 imo^ri^cs-prizes, to be drawn in the faid lottery, in fuch manner as is by	*

this adt appointed and directed j which faid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds (hall be payable out of all or any the aids or fuppiies granted in this fefiion of. parliament, in fuch manner as

is hercin-after mentioned ; and the* comm ffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, is or are hereby required and authorifed, by warrant o& warrants under his or their hand or hands, to caufe the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds to be i(fued and paid, out of the faid aids or fuppiies, to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them diftributed and

N 4	paid

1*4

and paid into the bank, out of the fup-piies granted this fettlon.

dumber of the fortunate tickets, and the Turns, to be printed.

Disputes relating hereto, to be adjulted by the managers. •’*

Penalty for forging, &c. tickets, or' certificates.

k i.	.*	<	.	.

felony.

Anno duodecimo Gborgij III. c. 63.	£177*.

paid to, and amongft the refpeSive proprietors of the feventl fortunate tickets, in <he manner herein*after mentioned and directed, as Toon as certificates can be made out for the fums due in rcfpeCt of the fame.

Managers and directors of the lottery to he appointed by the treafery. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the caQuera of tbe bank, tabbing a receipt for the fame. Calhiers to return the books, with the undif-poled tickets, with an account of the monies paid in. ttndifpofed tickets te be delivered into tbe exchequer. Tickets of tbe middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with Glk j and cut off indeutwife into m box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up and fealed. Book* to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60,000 tickets to be printed. Tbe number and value of the fortunate tickets. 10001, to eacb of tbe ft fir it-drawn tickets, and 1000 L to the laft-drawn. Ticket* of tbe otter-moft columns of the laft-mentioned book to be rolled up and tied. Pub-lick notice to J>e given of patting the tickets into tbe boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on 16 Nov. 177*. Method to be obferved in drawing, ku

XIT. Andy to th$ end tbe fortunate may know, whether abfnt $r prefenty to what decree they lave been fo% be it ena&ed, That the faid managers (hall, as foon as conveniently may be after the faid drawing is over, caufe to be printed and publifhed the number of the tickets drawn againft each fortunate ticket, and the principal fum written on the fame; and if any contention or difpute (hall arife in the adjufting the property of the laid fortunate tickets, the major part of the faid managers agreeing therein (hall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong : and if $ny per Ton of perfons (hall forge or counterfeit, or cauieor procure to be fprged or counterfeited, or willingly a& or afliff in the forging or counterfeiting any ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, order or orders, made forth by virtue of this prefect a<St, or any former aft, made for eftabli(hing any lottery or lotteries, or alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter, vend, barter, or difpofe of any fuch falfe, altered, forged, or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, order or orders, or (hall bring any fuch forged or counterfeit ticket, certificate, or order, or any fuch ticket, certificate, or order, tbe number whereof, or any figure or% word therein, (hall have been altered, (knowing the lame to be fuch), to the faid managers, or any ot them, or to the cafhier or ca(hiers or accomptant-general of the bank of England for the time being, or to any other perfon or perfons whatsoever, with a fraudulent intention; or (hall willingly aid, abet, affift, hire, or command, any perfem or perfons to commit any fuch offence or offences as aforefaid; then,’ and in every fuch cafe, all and every fuch perfon or perfons, being thereof convidted in due form of law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy : and the faid managers and directors, or any two or more oft hem, are hereby authorifed, required, and impowered, to caufe any perfon or perfons bringing or uttering fuch forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, as aforefaid, or aiding, abetting, affifting, hiring, or

Commanding, any perfon or perfons therein, to be apprehend*

1

F 77a,]' Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 63.	185

?«1, and to commit him, her, of them, to his Majesty’s gaol of &Jewgate% or to the common gad of the county or place where ftjch perfon or perfons (hall be lo apprehended, to be proceeded 9gainft for the (aid felony according to law.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,That Ofendtnbt* if any perfon or perfons who (hall commit any fuch offence or [“* difcover.^ offences as aforefaid, or be aiding, abetting, aflming, hiring, or ing perfons * commanding any perfon or perfons therein, (hall afterwards, be- guilty, to be ing out of prifon, difeover any one or more perfon or perfons, who frc*» and ha?e already have, or hereafter (hall commit, or be aiding, abetting,50 u rcward-or concerned, in any fuch offence or offences as aforefaid, fo as

fuch perfon or perfons fo difeovered be lawfully convicted of the fame, fuch difeoverer (hall have, and is hereby intitled to his Majesty’s moft gracious pardon for fuch bis or her offences \ and moreover (hall be intitled to a reward of fifty pounds lawful money of Great Britain for every fuch offender fo convided3 to be paid out of the monies arifing by virtue of this ad, or any other the aids or fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament, imine~ diately upon fuch convidion as aforesaid.

XIV.	. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded byPro?ifo. the authority aforefaid. That no attainder for any the offences aforefaid (hall make or work any corruption of blood, lofs of dower, or di(heri(bn of heirs.

XV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the au- Managers to* thority aforefaid. That every perfon that (hall be appointed as be fworn. aforefaid to be a manager and diredor for putting this ad in execution, before his ading in fuch commUfion (except the admi-niftering the oath immediately herein after mentioned) (hall

take the oath following; that is to fay,

I A. B. as a manager and dtreftor of tht lottery to be drawn rVThe oath.

purfmnee of an aft of parliament^ made in the twelfth year of his A&ajefifs reign, da Jwsor, That I mil faithfully execute the truji re-pofed in me 3 and that / will not ufe any indirift are or means, or per* tnit or dire ft any perfon to ufe any indirift art or means9 to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myfelf or any other perfon what-foevtr; and that I will do the utmoft of my endeavour to prevent any undue or finijler praftice to be done by any perfon whatfoever; and that.

I willy to the heft of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, loty or ticket, of right doth belongs according to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft.

Which faid oath (halLand may be adminiftcred by any two or more of the other managers and diredors.

XVI.	Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful toCafhier tore-and for the faid cafhier or cafhiers, having given fecurity as a- ceive the futns forefaid, at any time or times before fach cafhier or cafhiers (hall have received any book or books for the faid lottery from the the lotte-fakl managers, comprehending the faid fixty thloufand tickers, ry book* in three columns as aforefaid, to receive from the faid contributors, or adventurers, or their executors, adminiftrators, fuccef-

iZ6

sod to give m note tor the fame*

the bearers

witU(j thereupon to one lottery ticket for every nl. los. fo paid.

Contributors not making good their payments within.t^e times limited,

to* foil their deposits with reij*& to the lottery ;

end the tick* ets for fuch turns to he delivered back into the exchequer.

Treafury to pay the manager?, and defray the inci-dcntal ex* peaces-

Anno duodecimo G&orgii III. c. 63.	[177*2

fore, or a Aligns, the monies to be by them refpc&ively paid on account of the faid lottery at one intire payment, or in fuch proportions and manner as aforefaid, before fuch cafhier or carriers (hall have received fuch book or books; and the faid cafhier or cafhiers (hall give a note or receipt under bis 6r their hand or hands for the fum or fums fo paid; and (hall be obliged thereby, and by this a£t, to give the bearer of every fuch note or re-ceipt a ticket or tickets of the extreme column of the three columns book or books aforefaid, for every twelve pounds and ten lhillings fo contributed, paid, or arifwered, as foon as he or they (hall be enabled thereunto by delivery of any fuch book or books to him or them from the faid managers as aforefaid ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	Provided alfo. That in cafe any fuch contributor or adventurer as aforefaid, who (hall have advanced and paid down to fuch ca(hier orcafhiers a proportion of his, her, or their ccn-fideration-money towards the faid lottery, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, do not advance and pay unto fuch ca(hier or cafhiers the remaining part of his, her, or their coniideration-money, fo to be paid in full for fuch ticket or tickets on or before the times for paying thereof as a-forefaid; that then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch contributor or adventurer (hall forfeit and lofe to his Majesty, for the ufe of the publick, the proportion of his, her, or their purchafc-money, which he, (he, or they, (hall have fo paid down as a-forefaid towards the lottery; and in fuch cafe no ticker or tickets (hall be delivered out by the faid cafhier or carriers to fuch contributor or contributors, adventurer or adventurers, making fuch default; but the ticket and tickets which (hould have been delivered to them refpedtively, had they paid the full money for the fame, (hall be returned and delivered to the faid managers and directors by the faid cafhier or carfhiers, together with the other tickets (if any} in the outermoft column of the book and hooks firft herein mentioned and directed to be prepared, which (hall not have been difpofed of as aforefaid ; and fuch ticket and tickets, upon and for which defaults of payments (hall have been made as aforefaid, (hall be delivered into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, with other the faid undifpofed tickets, (if any), there to be retained and kept as ca(h, and to be jfTued, fold, and difpofed of for the purpofes and in the manner hereinbefore directed and appointed with refpelt to the faid undifpofed tickets ; and the faid contributor and contributors, adventurer and adventurers, making fuch default, (hall not have or receive, or be intitled to have or receive, any benefit or advantage for or in refpedt of the money which he, (he, or they, (hall have paid for or towards the purchafe of fuch ticket or tickets; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That out of the monies to arife by the contributions to the faid lottery, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the

z	high

*772*] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. <>3.	ttf

high treafurer for the time being, to reward the faid managers and direftors, and the clerks and officers to be employed by and under them, and any other officers and perfons that (hall and may be any ways employed in this affair,' for their labour and pains, and to difeharge fuch incident expences as (hall neceffarily attend the execution of this aft, in fuch manner as any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall, from time to time, think lit and rea-fonable in that behalf; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.	And be it further epafted by the authority aforefoid, Limitation of That no perfpn or perfons (hall fell the chance or chances ofthc f*leof any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, or any (hare or (hares Ofchwe,» **• any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, for a day, or part of a

day, or for a longer time lefs than the whole time of drawing the lottery then to come ; or (hall receive any money whatfo-ever in confideration of the repayment of any fum or fums of money, in cafe any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery (hall prove fortunate; or (hall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, either as to the time of fuch ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether fuch ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every perfon and perfons who (hall offend in any of the faid matters, (hall forfeit and pay treble the fum and fums of money which (hall Penalty, have been received by fuch perfon and perfons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft ; to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJimirJiery in which no effoin, proteftion, privilege, or wager of Jaw, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed ; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Majesty, % his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety to be paid to the * perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame ; and every fuch fale, wager, or contract, and every agreement relating thereto,

(hall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

XX.	And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid. Office keep* That if any perfon or perfons (hall keep any office or offices, or

(hall print or publilh any fcheme or propofal for receiving any fum or fums of money, in confideration of any intereft to be which they are granted for the fame, in any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, not poffefled, whereof futh perfon or perfons (hall not then, and at the aftual time of drawing fuch ticket or tickets, be poflefled, or in confideration of any fum or fums of money to be repaid, in cafe any ticker, or number of tickets in the faid lottery, which (hall not then, and at the aftual time of drawing the faid ticket or tickets, be in the pofleffion of fuch perfon or perfons, (ball prove fortunate or unfortunate ; all and every fuch perfon and perfons (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds ; to be re- forfeit 500!. covered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at	in which no effoin,

proteftion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Majesty,

his

i88	Armo	duodecimo	Georgii	III. c. 6j.	[1772*.

his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety to be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame; and alio (hall fuffer three months imprifonment without bail or mainprize. Offences com- XXI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforelaid, nutted in Ire- That if any offence againft this adt, or any of the a&s of par-land againft i;a!I1ent made in this kingdom for preventing private and undenting un-	lotteries,	(hall be committed in Inland, the offender (hall

lawful lotte- incur the like penalty and puni(hment, to be infli&ed in like ries, made pu- manner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom; and nifliabie,	that fuch penalties as by this ad, or any of the faid ads, are

-	direded to be recovered in any of his Majeffy’s courts of record

ties maybe at Wejlminfler% (hall, in cafe of offences committed againft this fued for in a&> or any of the faid ads, in Ireland, be recovered in any of his Dublin. Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin.

The fum of a^IL And be it further enaded by the authority aforelaid, 600,0001. pay- That the fum of fix hundred thou&na pounds as aforefcid, to able in reipcd be paid for and in refped of all the faid fortunate tickets, (lull Sate tickets" ^ anc*ls hereby charged upon, and (hall be iffued and paid out is charged ’ aH °r any the aids or fupplies granted in this felfion of par-upon tbe aids liament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hundred in Seneral and feventy-two, in manner herein-before mentioned, and (hall j^H^n thw be paid, upon demand, by the faid governor and company of and to be paid the	°f England, in money, without any dedudion whatfo-

at the bank, ever to the refpe&ive proprietors of fuch fortunate tickets, on the firft day of Martha one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-three, or as foon thereafter as certificates can be made out for afeertaining, in manner.berein-after mentioned, the fums to be paid upon the faid tickets; which tickets, after the drawing of the tickets to the faid lottery is completed and ended, (hall be exchanged for be exchanged certificates, to be figned by fuch of the faid managers as Hull be SeS!	appointed for that purpofe.

Managers to XXIII. Andy to tbe end that all and every tbe payments upon tht give notice of fortunate tickets may be more eaftly afeertained, fettled, and adiujltly the time for pr t^e perfoni who Jball become intitled thereunto, be it further tfcketf/and* ,cna&e<!> That fuch of the faid managers as any three or more delivering out of the commmiflioners of tbe treafury or the High treafurer for the certin-	the time being, (hall appoint to take in the faid fortunate tickets,

cates, See,	an(j deliver out the faid certificates for and in lieu thereof, (hall,

as Toon as may be, give notice by advertifement, to be primed and publifhed in manner as they (hall think fit, of the days and times for taking in the faid fortunate tickets, and delivering out Certificates to of the faid certificates, for and in lieu of the lame ; and every be numbered, certificate (hall be numbered in courfe according to the bringing the tickets to the managers fo to be appointed forexchanging the fame; to which purpofe fuch managers (hall enter,orcaule to be entered, in a book or books to be by them kept for that purpofe, the name of every perfon who (hall bring any fuch for-fans fringing tunate ticket or tickets to be exchanged for fuch certificate or tickets t« be certificates, and the number or numbers of the fortunate ticker exchanged, or tickers which' (hall be fo brought, the value in money payable thereupon, ami the day of the month and the year of our Lord

when

without dc-du&ion. After the drawing of the lottery,

Books to be kept for entering the names of per-



•189

1772*1 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 63. when the fame was fo brought j which book and books (hall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking in the faid tickets to be exchanged for fuch certificates, for all perfons concerned to perufe; all which certificates (hall be figned by the managers Certificate* to /o to be appointed, or the major part of them, and be directed be figned, &c. to the chief cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority Treafury to aforefaid, That out of the monies to be received in purfuance difeharge all of this aCt, or out of any the aids or fupplies granted in this attending* feffion of parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand the execution feven hundred and feventy-two, any three or more of the com- of this aft, , miflloners of the treafuiy, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall have power to difeharge all fuch incident charges, not hereby otherwife provided for, as (hall necefiarily attend the execution of this aCt, in fuch manner as to them fhall feem juft and reafonable; and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as fhall be thought proper for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, and any other perfon or perfons for receiving, paying, and accounting for the (aid fubferiptions and contributions ; and for performing the truft hereby repofed in him or them : all which allowances to be made as aforefaid, in refpeCt of the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company of the bank of	,	and

of the South Sea company refpeChvely, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid .companies refpedively, and at their difpo-fal only*

XXv. And be it further enabled. That no fee, reward, or No fee to be gratuity whatfoever, fhall be demanded or taken of any of his ta!ce.n for re* Majefty’s fubjeCts for receiving or paying the faid fubfeription pacing the or contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or contribution, receipts concerning the fame, or for iiTuing the monies payable monies, or tor in refpeCt of the faid fortunate tickets, upon pain that any officer or perfon offending by taking or demanding any fuch fee, re- “|£“or mo* ward, or gratuity, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum on penalty of of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuit j sol. to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at	,	wherein

no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, fhall be granted or allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, '

That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued, molefted, or profe-

cuted, for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this aCt,

fuch perfon or perfons (hall dnd may plead the general iffue, and General iiTue.

give this aCt, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, in his, her, or

their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdiCt fhall pafs

for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall

difeontinue his, her, or their aCtion or profecution, or be non-

fuited, or judgement fhall be given againft him, her, or them,

upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants

fhall have treble cofts awarded to biro, her, or them, againft any Treble coftw

fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

•	Cap.

J90	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	111. c. 64,-66.	(1772;

CAP. LXIV.

An adt for building two new chapelt, and providing burial places thereto* within the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick*

CAP. LXV.

An aft to extinguijb the right of common upon an acre ef ground called White Lyon, (nr Hangman’s Acre, in Saint George’s Fields, in the county xf Surrey.

Preamble. \X7HEREAS theprifon called The Houfe of Corre£fcion, in

VV the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, is too

finally unhealthy, inconvenient, and unfofcy and perfons committed u

the/aid prifon for felony cannot be kept Jeparate from tbofe committed

for fmatt mijaemeanorSy which greatly tends to the ruin and entire

corruption ofthe latter : and whereas it has, upon inquiry, been found

abfolutely necejfary to rebuild the J'aid prifon in a more convenient

fituation: and whereas the county of Surrey is feijed or pojfejpd of

an acre of ground in Saint George’s Fields, called White Lyon,

or Hangman’s Acre, Jituate near the King’s Bench prifony which

is a proper place for erecting the faii houfe of correction : and whereas

the jujlices of the peace, at the quarterfejjion of the peace held for the

faid county, on the fourteenth day of January, one thoufani fevers

hundred and/eventy-two* did unanimoufiy agree to build a new houfe

of correction oh the faid ground : but as the owners of certain lands

in Saint George’s Fields have a right of common for their cattle, at

certain times of the year9 upon the faid acre9 promijeuoufly with other

landsy f though ftich right is of no real value with refpeCt to the faid

aerty) the building cannot be. ere fled unlefs fuch right be extinguijbedy

which cannot be done without the authority of parliament : may it

therefore pleafe your Majefty thaf it may be enadted ; and be it

After tbe paff- enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the

ing hereof	advice and confent of the lords fpirrruai and temporal, and

mil right of	commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-

common upoDthority 0f t^e fame That from and afterthe palling of this adt, white Lyon ,, .	c	r	A	f °	.

Acre (hall	all right of common, or common of pafture, in, over, and upon

ceafe, and be the faid acre of land called White Lyon% or. Hangman's Acrey (hall

extinguiftud. ceafe, determine, and be for ever extinguifhed.

PubUck aft. II. And bf it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That

this adt (hall be taken and allowed, in all courts, as a publick

adt; and all judges and juftices are hereby required to takt

notice thereof, without fpecialiy pleading the fame.

CAP. LXVI.,

An act for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of (mall debts within tbs borough and foreign of Kidder minder in the panto of Kiddenninftcr, in the county ol Worcefter*

CAP.

*9

8	772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 67.

CAP. LXVIL

An ail for incorporating the members of a fociety, commonly called The Marine Society, and their fucceffbrs, to he defied as therein is mentioned, and for the better impower-ing and enabling them to carry on their charitable and ufeful defigns.

WHEREAS, in June one tboufandfeven hundred and fifty- prcamblei fix, a fociety was injlituted under certain regulations for fitting and placing out men and boys to the fea fervice, and other charitable purpofes> commonly called The Marine Society j which faid fociety, during the late war with France and Spain, and at different times ftnee the conclufton thereof by the voluntary donations and fubferiptions of charitable and welUdifpofed 'perfons (amongft other charities) cloatbed and fitted out five tboufand four hundred and fifty-one landmen, to ferve as fcamen on board his Majejly’s Jbips ; and alfo cloatked, fitted, and placed out as fervants or apprentices to officers in the King’s Jbips, and to the merchants fervicc at Jea9 fix tboufand three hundred and fix boys, who had no vifible means of jup -party and who voluntarily offered themfehues: and whereas experience bath Jbewn, that the JaidJociety bath been hitherto of conjiderable ufey end an advantage to the nation, and it is apprehended that the Jaid fociety, if countenanced and fupported by the laws of this realm, and eftablijbed upon a refpefiable and permanent foundation, and vcjhd %uith proper powers for enabling them to carry into execution their charitable defignsy (that is to fay,) the fitting out and apprenticing, or placing outy poor difireffed boys9 to and Jor the Jtrvice of the royal navy, end to and for the fervice of other Jbips and veffels9 the property of and belonging tOyfubjefis of the King oj Great Britain, would be of much more extenftve uje, and a fill greater benefit and advantage to thefe kingdomSy as being a means of Jupplying his Majejly’s Jhips9 in lime of war9 withfeomen properly bred up and qualified Jor that fer-vice, and contributing to the commercial inter ejls of the nation in time of peace \ and alfo by ajfijling the inward police thereof in providing jor the idle, arid confequently mofi dangerous members of fociety : but as it is apprehended that thefe falutary meafures cannot be conduficd with any degree of vigour, nor thefe ufeful ends attained in their full extenty without the aid and authority of parliament; may it therefore pleafe your moil excellent Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, andcommons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the right honourable Robert lord Romney baron of Romney9 the right honourable Robert lord Clive baron of Plaffey9 in the kingdom of Ireland, knight of the molt honourable order of the bath, fir William Dolben baronet, fir George Pococie knight of the moft honourable order of the bath,

Barlow Trecothick, Beeficn Long, Thomas Najh, John Thornton, . ctyuires; the rj^ht honourable Thomas Harley, fir IPWiam Mayne

baronet.

jpa	Anno	duodecimo G&oroii III. c.6j. [i77*4

baronet, the honourable Charles Marjbam, the reverend dodor Glajfe, Charles Gray, Richard Oliver, Anthony Bacon,

Jngerfiein, Michael Adolphus, PA/7/>	Blackburn,

Frederick Bully Thomas Bennett, Zeros Cheauvett, John Campbell, 7*A« Cornwall, John Dorrien, JeA* Elliott, Freeman Flower, Jacob Gonfales, Francis Gregg,	Hanway, Thomas Manway* Robert

Hunter, Michael James, 7e/vi Zee^r, y*A/i Z*i/y,	Matthias}

dodtor Thomas Manningham, Timothy Mangles, Robert Nettleiw, Gregory Olive,	Peters, George Paterfon,	Anikey

„	Rucker, Wiliam Stead,	SwVA, Robert Sherfon*	Andrew

Thomfon, Harry Vereljl\ William Wood, Thomas Walker, Jtfwi Warner, and Fowler Walker, elquires ; (hall, and they are here-Covemort by declared to be governors ; and that they, and their fucceflors, incorporated $ to be eledted and named in manner herein-after directed and their title. appointed, (hall be, and they are hereby declared and adjudged to be one body corporate and politick, in deed and in name, by To have per- the name of The Marine Society : and that by the fame name petual fuccef- they (hall have perpetual fucceflion, and a common leal, with common feat Powcr t0 change, filter, break, and make new the fame, when, &c.	*	and as often as they (hall judge the fame to be expedient, and

that they and their fucceflors, by the fame name, may fue, and be fued, implead, and be impleaded, anfwer, and be anfwered unto, in all or any court or courts of record and places of judi- i cature within this kingdom; and that they and their fucceflors, by the name aforefaid, (hall be able and capable in law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, poflefs, and retain, for the ends and pur* pofes of this all fuch futn and fums of money as have been given, devifed, or bequeathed, or (hall, at any time or times hereafter, be paid, given, devifed, or bequeathed, by any charitable or well-difpofed perfon or perfons, to and for the charitable and may our- ends and purpofes in this alt mentioned; and that they and chafe lands, their fucceflors, by the name aforefaid, (hall and may, at any time hereafter, without licence in mortmain, purchafe, take, or receive, hold, and enjoy, any lands or tenements, which (hall or may, at any time or times, be found neceflfary for ere&ing buildings, and making other conveniences for the purpofes of affembling and holding the courts and meetings, and of executing and tranfadting other the affairs and bufinefs of the faid hereby-eredted corporation for any eftate or intereft.

Corporation II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That to fit and bind the faid corporation may, and they are hereby impowered 10 dcca!Ppmi" clothe and fit out, and bind out apprentice or apprentices, or place out, as fervants to any of the commiflioned or warrant officers of his Majesty's navy, or to any other of his Majesty’s fubjedts, from time to time, any poor or diftrefled boy or boys (hat (hall voluntarily offer him or themfelves, not being then legally an apprentice or apprentices to any other perfon or perfons whomfoever, with the content of the refpedtive parents, when known, of fuch boys refpedlively, for fuch term and time, and upon fuch conditions, as the faid corporation (hall think proper, fo as no fuch boy, fo to be bound or placed out as afore-

laid

I772-] Anno duodecimo GeoRgII III. c. 6yl	153

faid (hall be obliged to ferve, or continue in fuch apprenticeship or fcrvice, longer than feven years.

III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Prefident, vice That the right honourable Robert lord Romneyy baron of Rom- prefident*, ney> (hall be, and he is hereby appointed prefident of the faid	^

corporation 5 and that the faid Robert lord Clivey fir Wiliaman Dolbeny fir George Pococke\ Barlow Trecothicky Beejlon Long* and Thomas Najhy (hall be, and they are hereby appointed the vice prefidents ; and that the faid John Thornton (hall be, and he is hereby appointed treafurer of the faid corporation ; and that the faid fir Wiliam Moyne^ Charles Marjbamy doctor GlaJJe, Charles Grayy Anthony Bacouy Mithael AdolphuSy Philip Ajflick, Join Blackburny Thomas Bcnnety John Campbelly John Dorreiny Freeman Flowery Jacob GonfaleSy Jonas Hanwayy Robert Hunter, Michael James y John Lodge y John Levy9 James MatthiaSy Timothy Manglety Gregory Olive3 George PeterSy John Smithy Robert SherJon9 Andrew Thomforiy Harry Vereljly Wiliam Woody Thomas Walker 9 and Fowler Walker, (hall be, and they are hereby appointed a committee for tranfa&ing and managing the affairs of the faid corporation : and the faid vice prefidents, treafurer, and committee, (hall con- Vice prefi-tinue for the fpace of one year only, unlefs refpe&ively re-ele&ed j!ent,» trea-

to the faid refpeltive offices; and the faid prefident, or, in his . /■	■	r	*	•	/i	1	*	.	*	-	committee, to

abfence, one or more of the vice prefidents, or the treafurer, t* eieded an-

with any fix or more of the other members of the faid corpora- nuaily. tion, or, in the abfence of the prefident and of all the vice prefidents and treafurer, any feven or more of the faid governors, fhalicompofe a general court: and the firft general court (hall be held on the twenty-fifth day of June> one thoufand feven,The firft hundred and feventy-two, at their office over the Royal Exchange; general court, and (hall then, and, from time to time, be adjourned to fuch times and places as the court (hall think necefiary for the due execution of this a&: and a general court of the members of A general the faid corporation (hall be held four times, at the lead, in eve- court to be ry year; (that is to fay) on the twenty-firft day of January, on held quarterly, the twenty-firft day of Aprily on the twenty-firft day of July9 and on the twenty-firft day of Oftobert unlefs fuch refpedtive days (hall happen to fall on a Sunday 9 and in that cafe on the day following, or oftener, if occafion (hall require; upon notice thereof given, by the order of any five or more of the members of the faid corporation, afiembled at fome weekly meeting, by publilhing the fame in the London Gazette five days at leaft before the holding every fuch court: and a general court (hall be Bufinefs of the held in the month of February in every year, a like notice where- annual gene-of (hall be given ; at which court fix vice prefidents, a treafurer, rai coum* and a committee, (fuch committee to confift of fuch number of the governors of the faid corporation as fuch general court (hall think necefiary,) and the officers and fervants of the faid corporation (hall be elected for the enfuing year ; and the governors of the faid corporation, afiembled at any fuch general court as aforefaid, or the major part of them fo afiembled, but not lefs than feven fuch governors, (hall have full power and authority.

Vox.. XXX.	O	in

Anno duodecimo Georgii III, C* 67.	[	1772

in the name of the faid corporation, and Qn their account, to apply and difpofe of the monies already given, and which (hall from time to time be contributed and given by any perfons or perfon on the account of any fuch charity, and all other monies belonging or to belong to the faid hereby-eredted corporation, to and for the purposes afore faid, and to, for, or in any other purpofe, way, matter, or thing, relating to the faid charity, j;.d for the benefit thereof, at their difcretion ; and with and ur.t'cr their common feal, to enter into any covenants and contra::; for the purpofes aforefaid, or for any other purpofe or purposes for the better effecting and carrying on the charitable uies and defigns aforefaid; > and to do, manage, and tranfad, and determine all fuch other matters and things, as (hall to them appear neceflary and convenient for the effe&ing or carrying or* the proper powers purpofes aforefaid; and (hall and may delegate luch poser; to committee: and authorities to the faid committee as they (hall think neccffa-AdddT0^Cf ry, for the nfore eafy, fpeedy, and effectual execution of this the ufeof the : an<* xt an<* may he	to anc* f°r the governorsci

common feal, the faid corporation, in a general court aflembled only, or the and to make major part of them fo aflembled, but not lefs than feven fuch bye-laws* governors, to order and difpofe of the cuftody of the faid common feal, and the ufe and application thereof; and to make, ordain, and conflitute fuch and fo many bye-laws, conftituticrs, and ordinances, as to them, or the greateft part of them then and there prefent, but not lefs than feven fuch governors, fh:J feem neceflary and convenient, touching, or in any-wife concerning the affairs and bufinefs of the faid hereby-erefled corporation ; and the fame bye-laws, conftitutioris, and ordinances fo made, to put in ufe and enforce accordingly, and at their sl and pleafure to revoke, change, and alter the fame, or ary:! them ; which faid bye-laws, conftitutions, and ordinances fo a aforefaid made, (hall be duly kept and obferved, provided the fame be reafonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the flatus, cuftoms, or laws, of this kingdom, or any of the exprefs reflations of this a6V.

No bye-laws IV. Provided neverthelefs, That no fuch bye-law, rule, cr-to be binding, der, or ordinance, (hall be binding, or have any force or firmeduntil the fame (hall have been agreed to, and confirmed by, tbs fucceeding* next fucceeding general court, whether annual, quarter]},:’ general coart* extraordinary; and that the fame method (hall be obferved a altering or repealing any fuch bye-laws, rules, orders, or ordinances.

Power for the	V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefa*!

trealiirer.	That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the treafurcr U

o^theTom-1 t*me	the hereby-eredlcd corporation, and be if

mittee to in- hereby authorifed and required, from time to rime, by and *ii veil all or any the confcnt and approbation of the committee thereof for i.’s fum or fums time being, or the major part of fuch committee, to be teKcd bem*ven^for *n lvr,t,n6 un(^er their hands, to lay but and inveft all or ary the^urpofes ^ch ^um or ^ums m<>ney, as hath or have been given, u-in this a& vifed, or bequeathed, or (hall, at any time or times herc-m*.

194-

Power to ap. ply charity money.

$nd to do all the matters neceflary and delegate

i 772.] Anno duodecimo GeoRgii HI. c. 67.	195

be paid, given, devifed, or bequeathed, by any charitable or mentioned well-difpofed perfon or perfons, to and for the charitable ends, CXCtPrl°much intents, and purpofes in this aft mentioned, or any part thereof, cks ofohc8*11* other than and except fuch and fo much thereof as the exigen- corporation cies of the faid corporation (hall call for the immediate applica- thaJi require in tion or expenditure of, in any of the publick funds, in his own anL^kf A name, and, from time to time, with fuch confent and approba- pub 1C *und,# tion as aforefaid, to alter and transfer fuch funds, and make fale thereof.

VI.	And it is hereby enafted and declared, That the monies Monies arif-

arifing from or by fuch fale or fales, or fo much thereof as (hall ing by fuch not be again laid out and invefted with fuch confent and appro-	to

bation as aforefaid, in fome other of the puolick funds, and alfo ^ appi,ed for ail the dividends, intereft, and annual proceed, which (hall, from the purpofes time to time, arife from fuch funds, (hall, from time to time, of this aft. be applied to and for the ufes, ends, intents, and purpofes, in

this aft mentioned.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- Vacancies to

thority aforefaid. That in cafe of the death or reiignation of the **	*

prefident, or of a vice prefident, or treafurer, of the faid corpo- courtf™ ration, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the governors of the

faid corporation, at any general court, or the major part of them then there prefent, but not lefs than feven fuch governors, to nominate and appoint a prefident, vice prefident or vice prefidents, or treafurer, in the room of the prefident, vice prefident or vice prefidents, or treafurer, fo deceafed, or having refigned.

VIII.	Andy to the intent that there never may he wanting a cotnpe- Direftion tent number of governors of the faid bereby-erefled corporation, and

for perpetuating the fuccejfm thereof \ be it further enafted by the ^mbert. authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the governors of the faid corporation, at fuch general court, or the greater part of them that (hall be prefent at any fuch general court to be held as aforefaid, but not lefs than feven fuch governors, to eleft and chufe fome- other fit and able perfon or perfons to be a governor or governors of the faid hereby-erefted corporation, in the room or place of fuch of the perfons before mentioned, or to be from time to time elefted governors as a-forefaid, as (hall happen to depart this life, or (hail refufe to continue and remain, to be a governor or governors.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That all queftions upon theQueftioni at a

proceedings of the faid corporation, at any general court or com-%8enera,court* mittee, (hall be decided by vote; and in cafe of an equality °f°obe7ecid/d# voices, the prefident or chairman (hall have the calling vote; by vote, unlefs and upon demand of any five governors of the faid corporation members de-prefent at fuch general court or committee refpeftively, the famemanc{j1 bailor, (hall be determined by ballot, to be immediately proceeded up-dimmed °° on and completed.	•	accordingly.

X.	And be it further enafted, that the governors of the faid General court corporation, at a general court, or the major part of them pre- impowered f*nt at fuch general court, but not lefs than feven fuch govern-UP va* ors, (hall have power, from time to time, and at all times,

o z	hil"

196

and appoint fiich officers, &c. as (hall be lU'ceffcry, and to remove or fufpend them:

and to allow them reasonable falaries. Committee at their weekly or other meetings, impow-ered to (uf-pend or remove officers, Arc. and appoint others, tid a general court be held.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 67.	£1772.

fill up any vacancy or vacancies in the committee, and appoint fuch other officers and perfons as they (hall think neceflary to employ for the ptirpofes, and in the execution of this a6fc, and, from time to time, to fufpend or remove all fuch officers and other perfons, or any of them, as they (hall think fir, and appoint others in cafe of death, or fuch fufpenfion or removal; ad may, out of the monies to be received for the purpofes of this aft, make reafonable allowances to fuch officers and other per- | fons for their fervices: and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid committee fo to be appointed, or any five or more of them, at any weekly or other meeting, to fufpend or remove any fuch officers and other perfons, and to appoint others la cafe of death, or fuch fufpenfion or removal, until a general court (hall be held; and the governors of the faid corporation, at any fuch general court, or the major part of them then pre-fent, but not lefs than feven, may confirm fuch appointment or appointments, or may remove fuch officers or other perfons, and appoint others in their room, as they (hall think fit; and all and every fuch officers and other perfons (hall, from time to time, when thereunto required by the faid committee, or any five or more of them, make and render to the faid committee, or any five or more of them, a true, exad, and perfect account in writing, under their refpe&ive hands, upon oath, to be taken before two or more of the faid committee, (which oath any two of the faid committee are hereby impowered to adminifter,) of all monies which be, (he, or they, and every of them refpedhvely, (hail to that time have received, paid, and disburfed by virtue of this a<ft, or by reafon of their refpedive offices; and in cafe any money fo received (hall remain in their or any of their hands, the fame (hall be paid to the faid committee, or any five or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint to receive the fame; and in cafe any fuch officer, or other perfon, (hall not make and render, or (nail refufe to verify, upon oath, any fuch account, or to make fuch payment as aforefaid, then any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county of Middlefexy or for the city of London, (hall and may, upon complaint to him or them, make enquiry of and concerning fuch default in a fummary way, (as well by confeflion of the parties themfeives, as by the teftimony of one or more credible witnc/> or witnefies upon oath, which oath the faid juftice or jultices is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter;) and if any fuch officer or perfon (hall be convicted of any fuch offence, fuch juftice or juftices (hall, upon fuch convi&ion, commit the party offending to the common gaol of the county of Midd'ei':^ or or the city of London, there to remain, without bail or main-prize, until he or (he (hall have made a true and perfect accourt and payment as aforefaid, or until he or (lie (hall hare compounded and agreed with the faid committee, or any five or more t: them, and have paid fuch compofition-money; which cotnpo-fition the faid committee, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make.

XL Pro-

772-] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 67.	197

XI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted and de- Treafurer to dared, That the treafurer for the time being of the faid corpo- account at a ation (hill not be obliged to account with fuch committee, of general couit. iny of them, but (hall give in his accounts, from rime to time,

vhen required, at a general court, there to be examined, and illowed or difallowed, and (hall pay over all the monies remain-ng in his hands, and transfer all the funds (landing in his name, is treafurer aforefaid, to the treafurer immediately fucc^eciing lim, on demand.

XII.	dtidyfor the encouragement of fuch as Jhall be benefiftors to Perfons giv-he faid charity, he it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That ifing i*l. i»t. my perfon (hall, at one payment, pay into the hands of the at any onc reafurer of the faid corporation for the time being, or fuch per- fu4)^bingr on as (hall be deputed for receiving the fame, the full fum of 2\t xt.per welve pounds twelve (hillings, or fhall fubferibe and pay the to

,early fum of two pounds two (hillings for the fpace of eight havc rears, for the ufe of the faid corporation, every fuch perfon (hall governor'111* >e capable of being eledted a governor of the faid corporation.

XIII.	And it is hereby enadted and declared. That every per- and have equal bn and perfons who, in confequence of fuch payment as afore- powers *irh aid, or in purfuance of any bye-law hereafter to be made, (hall

5e duly chofen and eledted a governor of the faid corporation, hall, from and after fuch eledtion, be, to all intents and purposes, a governor of the faid corporation, as fully and effedtually as f the name or names of fuch perfon and perfons was or were nferted and included in this adt.

XIV.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That indenture to jvery indenture whereby any child or children refpedtively (hall, be one Angle rom and after the twenty-fifth day of Juney one thoufand feven ftamP*Plcce lundred and feventy-two, be bound an apprentice or apprenti- parPc^enit. res, or otherwife placed out by the faid corporation, (hall be V

;ood and valid to all intents and purpofes, although the fame be lot (tamped with any other (tamp than a fingle fixpenny (tamp;

Hid that the age of every fuch child or children (hall be men-

ioned in their indentures, which age (hall be taken to be their ** mcu ODC

rue age, fo far as regards this prefent adt, or any matter or thing

lerein contained, without any further proof thereof; any law,

ruftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwith-

tanding.

XV.	And be i{ further enadted by the authority aforefaid, No fuch ap-

rhat no fuch apprentice or apprentices, fervant or (ervants, fo	be

o be bound or placed out as aforefaid, (hall be imprefled into jmpreffed° &c. lis Majefty’s fervice at fea, or into the fea fervice of his Majesty’s until 18 years icirs or fucceflors, until fuch apprentice or apprentices, fervant °,d-

>r fervants refpedtively, fhall arrive to the age.of eighteen years.

XVI.	And be it further enadted by the authoriry aforefaid, Perfons ferv-That all fuch perfon and perfons as (hall be bound out an ap- ,nS ,uth ap-irentice or apprentices to the fea fervice, and (hnll ferve out their ef;;edtive apprenticcfhips, not being for a lefs time than four mav exercife ears, may fet up and exercife fuch trade or bufinefs as they are trades.

ft and able for, in any town or place within the kingdoms of

o 3	Great

1^8	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	IIL	C.	67.	[1771*

Great Britain or Ireland, without any let, fuit, or moleftation of any perfon or perfons whomfoever, for or by reafon of the ufing of fuch trade or buGnefs: and if any fuch perfon or perfons who (hall have been fo bound as aforefaid, and (hall have ferved out their refpeftive apprenticefhips as aforefaid, (hall be fued, impleaded, or indided in any court whatfoever within the faid kingdoms, or either of* them, for uGng or exercifing any fuch trade or buGnefs as aforefaid, then fuch perfon or pcrlons who (hall have been fo bound as aforefaid, and (hall have ferved out their refpedtive apprenticefhips as aforefaid, making it appear to the fame court where they are refpeiiivcly fo fued, impleaded, or indicted, that they refpedtively have been fo hound as aforefaid, | and have ferved out their refpeSive apprenticelhips as aforefaid, (hall, upon the general iflue pleaded, be found not guilty in any plaint, bill, information, or indictment, exhibited againft them refpedtiveiy ; and fuch perfons refpedtively as, notwiih(t3ndmg this a<ft, (hall profecute their faid fuit by bill, plaint, information, or indictment, and (hall have a verdict pafs againft them fefpectively, or become nonfuit therein, or difeontinue the faid fuit, (hall pay unto fuch perfon or perfons refpeclively who (hail have been fo bound as aforefaid, and (hall have ferved out their refpective apprenticelhips as aforefaid, and (hall be fo fued, impleaded, or indicted, double cofts of fuit; to be recovered as any other cofts at common law may be recovered; and all judges and jurors before whom any fuch fuit, information, or in- , dictmenr (hall be brought, and all other perfons whomsoever, are : to take notice of this prefent jut, and (hall conform themfelves j thereunto, any ftatate, law, ordinance, cuftom, or provifion, to 1 the contrary in any-wife notwithftanding.

For preserving XVII. Provided always. That this act (hall not in any-wife the privdege*	be prejudicial to the privileges	of the univerGties of Cnmhridgz

Cambridge.	anc* Oxford, or either of them,	or extend to give liberty to any

«	’	perfon to fet up the trade of a	vintner, or to fell any wine, cr

other liquors, within the faid	univerGties, or either of them,

, without licence Grft had and obtained from the vice-chancellors of the fame refpe&ively.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforeuid, That two or more juftices of the peace, in their refpefHve counties, and dwelling in or near any of the ports aforefaid, and all mayors, aldermen, bailiffs, and other chief officers and magi-ftrates of any city, borough, or town-corporate, in or near adjoining to fuch port or ports to which any fuch (hip or veil'd aforefaid, having any fuch apprentice or fervant on board, ftuii at any time arrive, (hall have full power and authority, and are hereby authorifed and impowerei to inquire into and examine, hear and determine, all complaints of hard and ill ufage from the feveral and refpe&ive mafters to fuch their apprentice ar.d apprentices, fervant and fervants, fo to be bound and placed as aforefaid, and refpedlively to make fuch orders therein as no* fbey are, and hereafter may be enabled by. law to do ia other cafes between mafters and apprentices, or lervants, in this a<ft.

£IX.

Juftices to determine complaints between mafters and apprentices.

I772-] Anno duodecimo GeoRGII in. c. 67.	199

XIX.	And whereas, under and by virtue of the laft will and tejla-merit $/* William Hicks, /<?/* <7 member of the company of merchants The Society to adventurers of England, refiding in the city of Hamburgh, and of a recover the decree or decretal order of the high court of chancery of Great Bri- money tain, bearing date the twenty-third day of June, one thoufand feven ^^Hkker hundred and feventy, made in a certain caufe, wherein his Majefiy's tettament. attorney general, at the relation of the faid John Thornton ejquire, on the behalf of himfelf and the other members of the faid Marine Society; andalfo the faid other members and informants and plaintiff's, and Charles Johnftone and others, are defendants; the faid fociety is in tit led to eleven full and equal twentieth parts, {the whole into tzventy equal parts to be divided,) of the fum of twenty thoufand pounds, in cafe the eflate and effefls of the faid William Hickes will extend to pay the fame: and whereas, in rejpefl of what the faid fo-eiety are fo intitled unto, there is now fiending in the books of the governor and company of the bank of England, in the name of the ac-comptant general of the faid court of chancery, and to the credit of the faid caufe, in trujl for faid Marine Society the fum offive thoufand five hundred and feventy-one pounds, twelve' /hillings and four-pence, bank three per centum, confolidated annuities, the dividends of which are applied to e/fett the charitable deftgns of the faid fociety, purfuant to the faid will and decree: Now, it is hereby enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the faid fum of five thoufand five hundred and feventy-one pounds, twelve (hillings and four pence, bank three per centum confolidated annuities, and all and every fum and fums of money to which the faid Marine Society is or may be intitled, under, or by virtue of t]ie faid will and decree, or decretal order, together with the intereft, dividends, and produce thereof, (hall be, and is and are hereby fully and absolutely vefled in the faid hereby-crewed corporation; and that the (aid corporation, at any general court or courts, to be held in purfuance of this ad, (hall have, and the fame is hereby veft-ed with, full power and authority, from time to time, to apply and difpofe thereof, and of every or any part thereof, to and for the charitable purpofes of the faid corporation, purfuant to the will of the faid IVilliam Hickes.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That if any adion (hall be Limitation of brought, or fuit commenced, againft any perfon or perfons for a&ioni* any thing done in purfuance of this ad, or in relation to the pre-mi fes, or any of them, every fuch adion or fuit (hall be laid or brought within fix’ months next after, in the county or place where the fad was done, and not elfewhere ; and the defendant or defendants, in fuch adion, may plead the general iflue, and General iflue, give this ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance, and by the authority of this ad: and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch adion or fuit (hall not be brought within the time before limited, or (hall be brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; or if tire plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or fuffer a difeontinuance of his, her, or their ac-0 4	tion

too

Double cods. Publick aft.

Anno duodecimo Georgn III. c. 68.	[1772.

tion or aftions; or if a verdift (hall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs; or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the faid defendant (hall have double cods, and (hall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cods in other cafes by law.

XXL And be it further enafted by the authority aforeiaid, That this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and others, without fpecially pleading the lame*

CAP. LXVIIL

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within that part of the parifh of Saint Sepulchre, which is in the county of Middleiex; and for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching, and regulating tbe fquares, ftreets, lanes, alleys, courts, yards, and open pafiages and places, within the fame ; and for removing annoyances therefrom ; and far making the communication between Charter-houfe Square and Saint John Street, through Charter-houfe Lane, more convenient.

Preamble. A lift of eight veftrymen to be made out by the veftrymen, and returned to a petty feflions, out of whom juftices are to appoint tour overfeers. Veftrymen to afcertain the money to be raifed for the relief of the poor; and within 14. days after to meet again, and to make one general pound-rate for that purpofe. Notice to be given of the rates, and of the time and place of hearing appeals. Perfons diflatisfied with the deter* mination of the juftices, may appeal to the quarter-feflions. Where houies are let in feparate apartments, the landlord to be charged with the rate. The occupier is to pay the rate, and deduft it out ot the rent. No other poor's rate to be made. Landlords not to be a(Te(Ted for increased rents oa that account. Rates may be levied by diftrefs. Majority of veftrymen at publick meetings, to aft. Veftry to make by laws for government of the poor, which are not to be in force till confirmed. Not to be altered afterwards but in veftry, which (hall be afterwards approved at a fubfequent meeting. No rules to be repugnant to law. Veftrymen may employ the poor, and apply the profits in aid of the rates, and contraft tor provisions, &c. or tor their keeping and work. Overfeers of the poor (hall pay orbat Shall become due on fuch contracts. Veftrymen to puniih toe poor wao are idle, or mi(behave themfelves. Children found begging to be taken up, and kept until of age, or till married; and perfons, till discharged by law; and puniihed for miibehaviour. Laws to be in force, where not altered by this aft. Perfons buying or taking in pawn cloaths or materials, to forfeit 4.0 s. to be levied by diftrefs. For want of diftrefa to be committed* Accounts to be entered in books, and to be infpefted without See. Commifliontrs names. Commiflioners, how to be elefted. Qualification of commifiioners. Penalty on afting if not qualified. Commiflkmer to hold ? place of profit. Juftices may aft, unleft interefted; and adminifter oath?. All aftions to be brought in tbe name of the treafurer. Fir ft meeting of oommiflioners; who have power to adjourn; and to call meetings upon any emergency. Coramiffioners to pay their own expences. Majority at publick meetings to aft. Proceedings to be entered in a book, to jbf read in evidence. No aft valid unleft done at a publick meeting. Com-miftioners to appoint officers; and to pay their Hilaries. Officers taking larger fees than allowed by commifiioners, to forfeit 100I. Pavements veiled in the commifiioners, who may caufe the ftreets, &c to be new paved. Old materials may be fold. Materials alfo may be made ufe of. Property of pofts, &c. veiled in commiflioners. To be levied and recovered by diftrefs and (ale. For want of diftrefs offender to be committed. Commit (ioners to hire ground for getting gravel; and buy materials, and hire workmen. Commiflioners may contraft for cleaning, lighting, and pav-png, Perfons carrying away cinders, to forfeit ys* Owners of carts to

P7

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.68.

pay 51. for each offence. Works to be infpe#ed by furveyors. Commif-lioners may compound for breach of contra#. Penalty on altering the form of the ft reels, Se c. not exceeding 51. nor lefs than 40 s. Notice to be given when pavements want repair. Penalty on paviors neglc#ing their duty. It furveyors think fuch pavements not defective, See. co m million-era to view the fame. Where materials may be lodged. Streets, See. to be watered. Incroachments, See. to be removed. Signs, See. how to be fixed. Perfons refuting to treat, value to be afeertained in fuch manner as is alter directed, with relation to Charter houfe Lane. Money awarded tor premifes fettled to like utes. • In cafe of difputes, Sec. monies to be paid into the treafurer's hands. Confideration money how to be paid. Names of ftreets to be affixed up, and houfes numbered. Penalties on defacing numbers. See, not exceeding 40s. nor lefs than ids. Annoyances bow to be removed; and the penalty on perfons not complying. Penalty on not removing casks. See. after notice not lefs than 5s. Penalty if nuifances are continued. Licences may be granted for erecting hoards, Sec. Perfons lifting lime. See. in any fquare, &c. to forfeit 40s. Penalty on driving carriages, Sec. on the foot-pavements, or throwing afhes, See. Foot*ways to be 1 wept, Sec. once a day. Stands of hackney coachmen, Sec. to be regulated. Tiroes of emptying bog houfes, Sec. Where any of the water-pipes break, notice to be given to the pavior, who (hall, for every neeleft in doing hit duty, forfeit sos. Pavements when taken up, to be relaia under the mfpeftion of the furveyor. Pipes replaced at requeft, proprietors to pay expences, Sec. Commiffioners may compound for the relaying fuch pavement. For recovery of monies expended in relaying the pavement. Expences of altering pipes for the purpofes of this a# to be borne by the commiffioners. Paviors, Sec. to give notice of their places of abode. Grates over fewers to be made by the commiffioners. Commiffioners may re#ify the fewers, &c. Rate to continue only till expence paid. New fewer?. Sec, may be made by the commiffioners. Commiffioners of fewers to be fum-moned to meet when any works necefTary to be done by them. Lamps to be fet up. Sec. Lamp irons where to be affixed. Penalty on perfons ex-tinguifhing or damaging lamps, is sos. for every lamp. Perfons accidentally damaging lamps to make fatisfa6tion. On nonpayment to be levied by diftrefs. Commiffioners impowered to appoint watchmen, Sec. and make rules, orders, and regulations for the conftables. Sec. and better watching. Copies of regulations to be delivered to conftables and headbo-roughs. Dillurbers of the peace may be fecured. Penalty on watchmen neglecting their duty. Penalty on conftables. Sec. negle&ing their duty. Commiffioners impowered to widen Cbarter-houfe Lane, Sec. Materials vetted in the truftees. Bodies politick, Sec. may contract for fale. On re-fufal to treat, value to be fettled by a jury. Juries may be impanelled. Juries may be challenged. Penalty on fhcrins, jurymen, and witnefTes, making default. WitnefTes may be lummoned. Jury may aflefs the value and proportionable fums to be paid to every perfon interfiled, which Verdi# to be binding, and recorded in the office of the clerk of the peace. Expences of the Jury how to be borne. Verdi# not binding unlefs money paid within three months. On payment of purchafe-money, premifes to be conveyed. On refufal or incapacity to convey. See. or mortgagees refuf-ing to take their mortgage-money, the fame to be paid into the bank in the name of the accountant general of the court of chancery. Perfons claiming may recover their money by the order of that court in a fumma-ry way, -or otherwife. Receipts to be regiftered. Premifes vetted in the commiffioners. Purchafe-money, before application to chancery, may be placed out at intereft. Perfons intitled to the mefne profits may recover againft the perlon receiving. Commiffioners to make orders on the bank for inverting money in the funds. Commiffioners not anfwerable for monies fo depoiictd. Mortgagees to alfign upon tender of principal and fix months interelt. Tenants to quit on notice given. Monies payable to bodies corporate. See. to be re-invelled in purchafe of other eftates. In what mauner houfes, Sec% may be purchafed. Commiffioners may let or fell any overplus ground, See. Application of that money. Powers of this a£t not to extend to eftates belonging to the Charter-houfc, without con-

201

202

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.6g.	£1772.

fent of the governors. Rates. Commencement of rates. Rates not to continue after the money is paid. Rates to be tigncd by juftices of tb: p ace. Manner of recovery, if any perfon refute payment. How ratrs may be recovered from ptrions quitting their houfes, &c. Comm«(Ronen ma> lue in the name of their treafurer. Emp’y houfes bow to be ratci fudi rates are to be paid. Owners deemed occupiers. Occupiers to pay rhe lates; and may be deduced out of their rtnty. Landlords notto bt chaigeu for incieafed rents* on account of paying the rates. Pubinjt buildings, &c to be rated. Unfiniftied houfes. Sec. to be rated. Places built upon, and not paved, to be viewed. Sec. and notice left with owners, and ma> bt compounded for, or paved by the commiffioners, at the osQ' ers expence. Owners ctvacant ground not chargeable for more than :oo fquare >ards. Entries of rates. Contra&s between landlord and teimt not to be void. Penons paying rates exempted from paving. See. Arrears not to bt excufed. Exemption of Cbarter-houfe Square. Co'.ltOx to pay to the treafurer, and not to retain money in band. Commifiiorm may borrow money on credit of the rates. Annuities to be raffed on tfie credit of the rates. If annuitants die other perfens may purchafe until mortgages paid off. Annuities not liable to taxes. Securities, Sec. may be affigned Securities, See. to be entered in a book. Treafurers to pay money into the bank Treafurers, See. to account on oath. Officers refu-fing to atco' nt to forfeit 10I. For want of goods offenders to be committed. Offenders not to be detained longer than fix months. Collector! to account tour times a year. On death or bankruptcy of officers, legal veprefenta ives to pay the monies remaining in hand to the treafurer, whole receipt (hall be a difeharge. On nonpayment, aftions may be commenced. Tieafurer to pay monies drawn upon him, and keep a reguhr account in a book. Comm (Tuners obtaining a verdift, defendant to pay double cofts Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Informer deemed a competent witnefs. Commiffioners may reward informers. Dilhefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends hath been made. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to tne quarter-feffions. Writings to be without damps. P;o-cecdings not to be quafhed for want of form. Expences of the aft how to be borne. Limitation of aft ions. General iflue. Treble cods. Publickad*

CAP. LXIX.

An act for paving, lighting, cleanfing, watering, and watching the ftretts, and other pnblick places within fuch part of the parifh of Saint Pancns, . in the county of Middlefex, as lies on the weft fide of Tottenham court Road) and for preventing nuifances and obfiruftions therein; and for obliging the truftees for the care of the faid road to pave, repair, and cleanle iuch part ot the faid road, as is therein deferibed.

Preamble. Commiffioners names. On death, Sec. of commiffioners, others to be chofen. (Jollification of commiffioners who now may aft, and of thofe who hereafter may be elefted. Penalty on afting if not qualified. Nb commiffioner to hold a place of profit. Contfmiffioners to appoint officers, Scc. and may remove them and appoint others; and allow them fa-lanes. Penalty on officers receiving fees above their falaries* Firftmeet-iiVg of the rommiflioners. For want of a fufficient number to aft, kc. clerk to call another meeting. Commiffioners to pay their own expences. Pro-cetdings to be entered in a book Books may be read in evidence. No aft valid unlefs done at a pnblick meeting. Property of pavements, kc. verted in commiffioners. Penalty on damaging works, r or want of di-ftrefs, offender to be committed. Old materials, &c. veiled in cominiflon-ers. Payments to be made in ten days. Old materials may be made uie of. Ground may be hired for getting gravel, and carts. &C. purcha:cd for carting thereof. Commiffioners may contract for the paving (beets, xc. Penalty on perfons Carrying cinders or afhes away, not being the (cavenger, Penalty on owners of the cart. Works to be infpefted. CommifL>ritrs may compound for hi each of contraft. Paviors, carters, See. to be appointed. Drpures about wages, how to be fettled. Commiffioners may caufe the ftrects, See. to be new paved, See, Penalty on altering the form of

ffieets,

I

i772-] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 69.

ftreets, See. erefting bulks, placing fhew-boards, Sec. Perfbns digging earth or leaving boles for making vaults, &c. to enclofe the fame* Inhabitants to give notice to furveyors when pavements want any repairs. Penalty on paviors neglecting orders. If furveyors think fuch pavements not defective commiffioners to view the fame. Streets, &c. to be cratered, wells funk, and pumps ereCted. Projections, &c. to be removed. Signs to be fixed on the fronts. See. Penalty on a fecond offence. Buildings projecting may be removed. Where perfons refufe to treat, &c. the damage and recompence to be fettled by a jury. Witneffes to be fummoned and examined upon oath. Verdi# of the jury to be final. Money awarded for preroifes lettled to like ufes. Sheriff to iffue his warrant to impanel a jury. VerdiCt not binding, unlefs fatisfaCtion be made within a month. Juries may be challenged. iol. penalty on fhenffs making default. In cafe of difputes money to be paid into the bank. Contideration-monies, &c. payable out of rates. Names of itreets may be fixed up, and houfes numbered. Penalty on defacing the numbers, &c. Annoyances placed in the carriage-ways to be removed, and holes to be remedied. Penalty on not removing calks, &c. placed in carriage or foot-ways. Peualty if nuifances are replaced and continued. Licences may be granted for ere#-ing hoards, Sec. No lime to be fitted, Scc. in any fquare, ftreet, &c. Penalty on driving carriages, &c. on the foot pavements. Stands of hackney coachmen, Sec. to be regulated. Regulations to be obferved on the burft-ing of pipes. Paviors to give notice of their place of abode. Commiffioners to cleanfe, alter, and empty drains and fewers. Owners of pipes to relay them at their own expcnccs. Commiffioners to pay for cleanfing fewers, &c. Commiffioners to have equal authority with commiffioners of fewers. Commiffioners to pay for altering pipes. Pavement altered at the requeft of proprietors, they are to pay all expences, Commiffioners may compound with faid proprietors. Lamps to be fet up, Sec. Lamp-irons to be affixed againft walls, Sec. Penalty on wilfully damaging lamps, Scc. On non-payment, offender to be committed. Perfons accidentally damaging lamps, to make fatisfa#ion. Commiffioners fhall caufe watch-boufes to be ere#ed, Scc. Footways to be cleanfed once a day. Where materials for footways may be lodged. Penalty on obftru#ing furveyors. Rates may be laid for the purpoles of this act. Commencement of the rates. Wnere any Itreets, Scc. are new paved an additional rate may be laid on inhabitants. Money may be borrowed on the credit of the rates. Application of monies. Securities to be entered in books. All creditors deemed equal in degree. Securities may be transferred. How empty houfea are to be rated, Sec. Landlords, &c. of houfes. Sec. liable to the rates. Occupiers to pay the rates. Occupiers to be allowed tbe rates in their rents. Rates on houfes occupied by ambaffadors, to be paid by the landlord. Publick buildings and dead-walls to be rated. Unfinifhed houfes. See* to pay rates i how, and by whom payable. New ftreets and places unpaved, to be rated. If commiffioners judge any new-built ftreet proper to be repaired, they are to require inhabitants to meet and compound for paving. On negle# compofition may be levied. Owners of vacant ground not to be charged for more than too fquare yards. Rates to be entered in books, which may be infpe#ed gratis. Inhabitants, Sec. refuting to pay rates, how to be recovered. How rates may be recovered from perfons quitting, their houfes, Sec. before payment. Rates may be fued for in the name of tbe treafurer. No contra# for paving, Sec. to be void by this a#. Perfons paying rates exempted from paving. Perfbns paying rates exempted from the aifeffments for repairing the highways. A# 7 Geo. 3. A# 29 Geo. a. Totten ham-court Road to be paved, Sec. Collector to pay money, as received, to the treafurer. 5I. penalty on colle#ors keeping above tool, longer than two days. Treafurer having 5001. to pay it into fuch bankers as commiffioners (hall appoint. Officers to account upon oath. Sec. Penalty on officers refuting to account. Commiffioners impowered to bring actions again it officers, Sec. or if complaint be made to the juftices, they are to enquire into the default, and to levy fuch money, and the penalty by dj It refs. For want of diftrefs, offender to be committed. Col)e#or9 to account four times a year. On death or bankruptcy of officers, legal re-

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 70,71.	[1772.

prefen tatives to pay monies remaining in band to the treaforer; whofe r». ceipt (hall be a difcharge. On nonpayment* actions may be commenced. Treafurer to pay monies drawn upon him, and keep a regular account in a book. Commiflioners obtaining a verdift, defendant to pay double colts. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Informer deemed a competent witnefs. CommiiBoners may reward inform, ers. D’ft refs not to be deemed unlawful tor want of form. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender of amends hath been made. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feftions. Writings to be without ftamps. No proceedings, &c. to be removed by certiorari. Expencet o* this aft ho* to sc paid. Limitation of aftions. General ifluc. Treble cofti. Fublick ad.

Preamble.

CAP. LXX.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money out of the fink-ing fund; and (or applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two; acd for further appropriating the fuppiies granted in this fcilion of panii-ment $ and tor making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lotrery tick-ets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or deftroyed.

CAP. LXX I.

An act for repealing feveral laws therein mentioned again# badgers, engrojfers, forejlalltrs, and regrators, and for indemnifying perfons againjl professions for offences committed againft the faid ails.

WHEREAS it bath been found by experience, that the rtjlrokw laid by feveral Jlatutes upon tbe dealing in corn, meal, four, cattle, and fundry other forts of viHuals, by preventing a fret trait in the faid commodities, have a tendency to difcourage the growth, od to inhanco the price of the fame; which Jlatutes, if put_ in exeeutix, would bring great difirefs upon the inhabitants of many parts of this kingdom, and in particular upon thofe of tbe cities of London o4 Weftminfter; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an aft, made Aft* s» 4 s & m	ant*	™>urt*1 of King Edward the Sixth, inriru-

6 Edw! 6 §	^d. An all for the buying and felling of butter and cheefe; and alio

an aft, made in the fifth and fixth year of King Edward the Aft 3 Phil. & Sixth, intituled, An all againjl regrators, forejlallers, and engrojfcri\ Mary 1	*	and alfo an aft made in the third year of Philip and Mary, inti-

tuled, An all for the keeping of milch line, and for breeding end rearing of calves \ and alfo an aft, made in the fifth year of Aft 5 Eliz. 5 Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An all touching badgers of corn, end drovers of cattle, to be licenfed; and alfo an aft, made in the fif-Aft »5 Car.* } teenth year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An all tofrt-vent the felling of live fat cattle by butchers; and fo much of an ad, made in the fifth year of Queen Anne, intituled, An all fir an-tinuing the laws therein mentioned relating to the poor, and to tit buying andfelling of cattle in Smith field, and for fupprejfng of piracy, as relates to batchers felling fca tic alive or dead within the cities of London and IVeftminJler, or within ten miles thereof; apd all the afts made for the better enforcement of the fame,

being

*nd aft 5 Anns,

repealed.

205

1772-] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 72J being detrimental to the fupply of the labouring and manufacturing poor of this kingdom, ihall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be repealed.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That All info inwall informations, indictments, fuits, or profecutions, already tionf» *c" commenced, for the inflicting any punifhment, or for the reco- ^^™eth?faid very of any line, penalty, or forfeiture, under the faid former afts, to deter-aCts, or any of them, (hall ceafe and determine; and no further mine; but proceedings (hall be had thereupon: and that no information, pr<**e<hng* indictment, fuit, or profecution, (hall be commenced or profe-to ?old* cuted againft any perfon or perfons whatfoever, under or by virtue of the faid aCts, or any of them ; but that all fuch proceedings (hall be void, and of no effect * any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwithltanding.

CAP. LXXII.

An a£l for rendering the payment of the creditors of insolvent debtors more equal and expeditious, and fer regulating the diligence of the law by arrefiment and poindings and for extending the privilege of bills to promijfory notes, and for limiting aftions upon bills and promijfory notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WH E R E A S by the laws now fubfifing in that part of Great Preamble, Britain called Scotland, the perfonal ejiates of fuch debtors as become insolvent are generally carried off by the diligences of arrefi-went and poindings executed by a few creditors, whoy from the near-nefs of their refideme toy and connexion with fuch debtors, get the ear lie ft notice of the infolvency, to the great prejudice of creditors more remote and unconnected, and to the difappointment of that equality which ought to take place in the diftribution of the eftates of insolvent debtors among their creditors: therefore, to remedy fuch injufiice and inequality in time coming, and to render the payment of the creditors of insolvent debtors more equal and expeditious, may it pleafe your mod excellent Majefty that it may be enaCted; and be it enaCt-ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That when any debtor, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall fuffer a poinding on a horning, or on the^i,tors precept of an inferior judge, after the days of the charge are fering poind-elapfed, to be executed againft his perfonal eftate, or any part of on a horn-ir, or (hall be under diligence by horning and caption, and (hall or be imprifoned, or retire to the Abbey% or any other privileged cd,or retire to place, or fly or abfeond for his perfonal fecurity, or defend his theAbbey.&c. perfon by force ; or if any debtor out of Scotland, or who cannot be imprifoned by reafbn of privilege, (hall be under diligence by letters of horning duly denounced and regiftered, and (hall have his or her perfonal eftate, or any part thereof, attached by ar-reftment j it (hall be lawful to the creditor or creditors at whofe inftance the faid diligence proceeds, to apply to the court of fef-

2o6	Anno duodecimo Georgii III. 0.72.	[1772

Coort of fef- fion by a luminary petition for a feqaeftration of die debtor $ fion to grant eftate, which court is hereby authorifed and required, upon fuck dt^gDUiem • ®pphcation, and production of the grounds of debt and diligence *	*	aforefaid, and the execution of a meflenger or other officer of the

law, employed in executing the Cud diligence, and upon his, her, or their making oath to the verity of the debt, upon which the diligence has proceded, or his, her, or their known agent, making oath that he believes the debt for which the diligence has proceeded to be due, to grant warrant for citing the debtor or debtors, if more than one are bound for the debt, and the diligence aforefaid have been ufed againft thetp, by delivering | to him, her, or them, a copy of the petition perfonally, or by leaving it at his, her, or tbeir dwelling-places; or if he, (he, or they are out of Scotland, by affixing copies upon the market crofs of Edinburgh, pier and fhore of Lictb9 to appear in court within the time fpecified in the warrant for citation, not being lefs than fix, nor more than thirty days, from the date of the citation, to (hew caufe why fequeftration fhould not be awarded againft his, her, or their perfonal eftate; and if the debtor or and if they ' debtors (hall not appear within the time fpecified in the citation fliall not ap- by themfelres or counfel, or fhall not either pay the debt upon §ebt 5 (fifcover which the diligence has proceeded, or fhew other reafonablecaufc their*eitate on why the court (hould not proceed ta fequeftration, the coort oath)	fhall forthwith fequeftrate his, her, or their perfonal eftate, and

appoint a fadtor for managing and recovering the lame} and fhall likewife make an order, requiring him, her, or them, to produce their books and papers, and to make a full and fair dif-covery of his, her, or their whole eftate, heritable and moveable, wherever fituated, upon oath, if required by the petitioner or or grant a petitioners, or other creditors appearing; and to grant a difpoli-difpofition for tion of his whole perfonal eftate, wherever fituated, to the factor their crcdi-0^ namc<^ f°r the benefit of his whole creditors; which difpo-tors* * fition (hall not be reduceable upon any of the former ftatutes concerning bankrupts: and if the debtor or debtors (hall refuic the court to to obey filch orders, the court may compel him, her, or them, compel them by imprifonment, until he, (he, or they fhall comply; ,and it by impnfon- |jjc creditor or creditors, having ufed the diligence aforefaid, arc meat, c. defirous to apply for a fequeftration of bis, her, or their deb* tor’s perfonal eftate in time of vacance, fuch creditor or creditors may prefent his, her, or their petition, and produce their Lord ordina- grounds of debt, and diligence, to the lord ordinary officiating ry'9 powers in on the bills for the time, who thereupon is authorifed and retime ofva-	quired to grant warrant for citing the debtor or debtors, and to

cancc#	fequeftrate, if proper, and to appoint a fadtor, and to do every

thing neceflary in execution of this adt, during the vacance; that the court is impowered to do, when the petition is prefent-ted to it while the court is fitting ; and when the application for fequeftration is made to the court, and any thing (hall be left undone at theendofany feflion by the wantot time, the lord ordinary on the bills is authorifed and required to do every thing necetfarv in execution of this adk, during the vacance, that he is impowerei

to

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 72.	20f

to do when the petition for fequeftration is originally prefented to him and the court; or the lord ordinary on the bills, in time of vacance, may grant to debtors not in prifon, cited under the authority of this act, a protedion from perfonal diligence for fuch time as unto the court, or the lord ordinary on the bills,

(hall fecm expedient, for the execution of the ad: and if the debtors cited to appear are in prifon, the court, or the lord ordinary on the bills in time of vacance, at the defire of the petitioner or petitioners, may grant warrant for bringing the per-fons of fuch debtors into court, or before the lord ordinary on the bills, in time of vacance, in the cuftody of a macer of courr, meflenger, or other perfon authorifed for that purpofe; and if that is not required, may grant warrant for the liberation of fuch debtors ;\and may, in either cafe, when fuch debtors appear in court, or before the lord ordinary on the bills in time of vacance, grant to them a perfonal protedion, or not, as their behaviour in doing jufticc to their creditors (hall feem to pierit.

II.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a- Fador pre-forefaid, That, in the nomination of a fador, the court, or the by m». lord ordinary on the bills at the time of the fequeftration, (hall JSro« ?o*^e" prefer the perfon prefented by the majority of the creditors con- preferred * curring in the application for fequeftration, or producing their grounds of debt in the hands of the clerk to the fequeftration 5

and who immediately thereafter (hall caufe an advertifement to be inferted in the London Gazette, and in the publick paper to who (hall give be appointed as is herein-after mentioned, intimating the fe- puhlick inti-queftration, and requiring the whole creditors of the debtor or debtors to meet at the time and place appointed by the court, and require 9 or the lord ordinary on the bills, not fooner than thirty days the creditors after the fequeftration, in order to their continuing the fame 10 meet* fador, or chufing another, upon the fequeftrated eftate; and the perfon chofen by a majority in value of the creditors prefent at fuch meeting, by themfelves, or by their attornies or agents authorifed to ad for them, and who (hall then have produced their claims and vouchers, or grounds of debt, and proved their debts in manner after direded, (hall be, by the court, appointed fador upon the fequeftrated eftate; and thereupon the powers of the fador, named at the time of the fequeftration, if the perfon made choice of is different from him, (hall ceafe and determine, and he (hall be obliged to convey to the new fador the whole of the perfonal eftate which the bankrupt difponed to him, and that (hall then not be recovered and converted into money; and (hall deliver to the new fador every part of the bankrupt’s eftate in his polfefiion, -and all fecurities taken for the fame, or any part thereof, and pay fuch balance as may appear to be due by him when his accounts are fettled.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority afore- Court of fef-faid. That if circumftances lead to fufped that the debtor or ^10^n°r ,orr^ debtors may embezzle, fecrete, or dilapidate his, her, or their

effeds, between the time of prefenting the petition for fVquef- orders, tration and the fequeftrating and appointing a fador, the court,

in

Factors pow-«r».

court.

Advertife-,ment to he published by the taftor for

208	Anno duodecimo Georgii HI. c. 71.	[1771.

in time of feffion, or the lord ordinary officiating on the bills in time of /acance, may, at the fuit of any creditor who petitions for the fequeftration, and upon his, her, or their making oath, or upon the oath of his, her, or their known agent or attorney, that he, (he, or they, have reafon to fufpedt that the debtor or debtors may embezzle, fecretc, or dilapidate his, her, or their effects, make fuch interim orders as (hall be judged mod expedient for preventing the eftate of the debtor or debtors from being embezzled. Teemed, or dilapidated.

IV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the fadkors appointed upon fequeftrated eftates, in manner before diredted, (hall be inverted with all the powers competent by the law of Scotland to fuch factors as are in ufe to be appointed by the court for the management of fequeftrated eftates, or of the

fubjea to the e^ates'0^ perfons abfent or incapable of management; and (ha3 orders of the Ukewife be fubjedt to all the duties incumbent on fuch faflors, and alfo to fuch other rules and orders as the court (hall make, from time to time, for the more effectual and expeditious recovery, or converting into money, the eftates of fuch infolveot debtors.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,That the fadtor appointed or continued after the meeting called in manner before directed, (hall immediately publith an advmife-ment as is herein-after mentioned, requiring all the creditors to

ineinThetfV* 8*vc *n their cla*ms afM* vouchers, or grounds of debt, to the vouchers. clerk of the fequeftration, in order that a date of the debts may be prepared by the fadlor; and certifying, that fuch creditors as (hall not produce their claims, with the vouchers thereof, and make oath before the lord ordinary officiating on thrbills for the time, or before a commiffioner to be named by him, or before the judge ordinary where they refide, if notice is given to the fadtor of the oath being to be made in that manner, and of the time when, and place where, it is to be made, upon ths verity of their debts, within nine calendar months after the date of the fequeftration, (hall not be intitled to any (hare in the firft diltri-bution of the debtor’s eftate among the creditors.

Oath of verity VI. Provided always, and be it enadted and declared by the of creditors 7authority aforefaid. That if any creditor (hall happen to be out abroad, and of the kingdom of Great Britain and ’Ireland, his oath of verity, taken before any magiftrate where he is refident at the time, or an oath of credulity by his fadtar or attorney in Scotland, (hall be fufficient; and alfo that if any creditor is under age, the oath ot credulity of any of his fadtors or curators, or of the factor employed in the management of the minor’s affairs, taken in the manner before diredted, (hall be fufficient.

VII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the ing produced, fadtor, within ten days after the lapfe of nine calendar month the court to from thc ja|C Gf the fequeftration, (hall lodge, with the clerk to TothemdT fequeftration, a ftate of the debtor’s funds then come to his tors to perufe knowledge, 4jftingui(hing what part of them have been convert* the feme j cd into money, and what part of them are not converted; and

the oath of credulity of minor's factors to be Sufficient.

Accounts be-

209

i772'] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 72.

ftlfo a ftate of the debts which have been proved within the nine months, in manner before directed 5 and Jikewife pubitfh an atW vertifement, as is berein-after mentioned, notifying to the. creditors that he has produced a ftate of his accounts to the court and upon the (late of the accounts being fo produced, the court (hall allow twenty days to the creditors to perufe the lame, and to snake objections to them, if they any hav.es and immediately thereafter the court (hall order an equal and rateable diftribu- and order a tion of the eftate recovered by the fa&or* and converted into rateable di-money, to be made amongft the creditors only who have prov- (hibution of ed their debts, apd produced their vouchers or grounds of debt rcc0-in manner before mentioned, and whofe debts are not obje&ed againft; and in cafe any of the debts claimed upon (hall be ob^ je6tcd to* in whole or in part, or lhall not be liquidated at the time of the diftribution, the (hare correfponding to fuch debts.

(halt be forthwith lodged by the fador in the bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank, at fuch reafonable intereft as can be cqt, not snore than one per centum under the legal intereft: and in cafe of the faid banks refufine to give fuch reafonable intereft for the: snoney, the fafior (ball lodge the fame wish any banking company, named by the court, who are willing to give fuch reafonable intereft, and to give fuch fecurity for the money lodged as ihall appear fatisfactory to the court; and the money fo lodged, lhall remain until the objections are determined, and be fubje& to the after difpofal of the court* in making an equal and rateable diftribution of the debtor’s eftate.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the au-if the nine thority aforefaid. That if nine months after the fequeftration months after lhall expire during the time of vacance, the fadtor in that cafe fcqueftration lhall produce the ftate of his accounts to the lord ordinary offi- vacance Uac"* ciating on "the bills for the time, and (hall notify the fame to the counts to be creditors, by advertifement, in manner herein-after mentioned; produced to and thereupon the lord ordinary (hall appoint the ftate of ac- *J}e ,oni °r-counts to be feen and obje&ed to by the creditors againft the<*miiry* firft federunt day of the next feffion, when, or as foon after as may be, the court (hall order an equal and rateable diftribution to be made in the manner before directed.

IX* And bp it fuxther ena&ed, That, within ten days of When the eighteen calendar months, from the date of the fequeftration, fe&or (hall when it is to be expe&ed the fador will have all the perfonal eftate under his management converted into money, except fuch o/accounta. claims of the debtor as may be fufpended by litigation, the factor (hall make up a fecond ftate of accounts, prefent them to the court, or to the lord ordinary officiating on the bills for the time, and advertife the creditors in manner herein-after mentioned ; and the court (hall proceed therein, and order a feednd diftribution among the creditors, in manner before directed.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That fuch Debtor, part of the debtor’s perfonal eftate as has not after the lapfe of not converted eighteen months from the fequeftration been converted into mo- into money, ncy, by reafon of litigation, or fome other impediment, (hall art*r rtm

Vo*., xxx.	p

Slfr

Creditors who have not produced their

5rounds of ebt, inritled only to a rateable proportion.

Penalty if the factor fails in doing his duty is not left than 51, and not exceeding

Creditor^ lb ares not called for to be lodged in the bank.

Anno duodecimo Gtonoii QL c. 7*;	[1772,

fee, after the recovery thereof, diftriboted amoog the creditor*, at fuch time a« the court fhall direA; the foAor bong always bound to give in hit accounts, within the irft ten fedenmt days Of each feffion, of the monies recovered-by him fince the laft accounting, until all the funds are divided.

XI.	And be it further enaAed, That fuch creditors culy who fhall have produced their vouchers or grounds of debt, ari proved the verity thereof, before die day fixed for each diftriba-non as before mentioned, (haB be indued to a (hare hi fuch & ftribution; and fuch creditors aa fhall not have produced al proved the verity of their grounds of debt, (hall only be indtted to a rateable proportion coirefpondent to the balances then due to the other creditors, in any diftribution to be made after tier grounds of debt are produced, and the verity proved ta afro-

XIL -And be it further enaAed fey the authority afixdaid, That the faAor, before receiving his warrant or commiffioa frotn the court, fluB be bound to give (ecurity, to the fatiffic' rion of the court, for bis doing exaft diligence in performing his duty as a fa<9or; and If he (hall fail in doing bis duty in any of the articles before mentioned, he fhall be liable in a parity not under five pounds, and not exceeding thirty pounds of hw> ful money of Great	Britain,to be applied in payment of Ac

creditors; and further, if he (hall be guilty of embezzling a concealing any part of the debtor’s eftate, he (hall be liable in treble the value of what he fo embezzles or conceals, and whki fhall alfo be applied in payment of the creditors; and the fadtor fhall not keep in his hands, at any time, more than oae bin* dred pounds fterling of the debtors money ; and wbat money fhall come into his hands above that (urn, he (half forthwith lodge in the bank of Scotland, or Royal , or with a banking company, in the manner before direAed, upon fuch reafonable in ter eft as can be got for the money, not more than ooepccti-turn under the legal entered, otherwife he (hall be liable for the legal intereft thereof, and theffaAor (hall have fuch allowance for his trouble as the court (hall judge proper, at every diftri-bution, not exceeding in whole five per centum of the (urns recovered ; and the court may remove the faAor, upon auk fhewn; and, upon foch removal or factor’s death, appoint a-iiother in his place, in manner aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further enaAed by the authority afore&ki. That fuch creditors who claim upon debts, whereof the term ot payment is not come at the time of the diftribution, may never-thelefs, upon difeounting the legal intereft to the term of payment, draw their (hares in proportion to what remains after fuch difeount; and the (hares of creditors, not called for at the time of the diftribution, fhall be lodged by the faftor in one of the banks, or with a banking company in manner before direfitd, at fuch intereft as can be got for the fame, not more than one per centum under the legal intereft; and the names of the per-fons to whom fuch (hares are slue fhall, immediately after fuch 2	diflri-

177**3 Anna duodecimo GfeotMstt lit. e. */t:	an

diftributidn, be publiflied by advcrtifmcst as tbs court (hail di-	%

red, the expeace whereof (bell be paid by the bank, or banking company, with whom the money (nail be lodged, and (hall be retained by fuch bank, or banking company, out of the money due when payment comes to be made.

XIV.	And be it further enaded and declared by the authori- In cafe of

ty aforefaid, That, in the making up cafts or fchemes for diftri-	t.b*

buting the debtor’s effects, all debts claimed upon, which are

intitled to a preference by the law of S not altered by this to be lodged ad, dull be preferred accordingly; and if any doubt arifes in the bank, about the preference, and if the dispute is likely to occafion any considerable delay, a (hate equal to the debt claimed in preference (haH be lodged in one of the banks, or with a banking company, at fuch intereft as can be got, not more than one per ttntumunder the legal intereft, in manner before directed, fub-jed to the after difpofal of the court.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That the fador authorifed'Fa&ormay by three-fburtbs of the creditors in Caine, prefetlt at a meeting, iiibmlt to *r-to be catted for that porpofe byadvertafement inthe manner here- bitratkm.

in after mentioned, may fobmft to arbitration, or compound, or fell by audion, any claims competent to the debtor*

XVI.	And be it further enaded. That tfae time and place of No creditor all the meetings to be held in virtue of this ad (hall be adver-<0 have * .

, tifed in the manner berein-after mentioned j and at fuch meet- debt doetnot iog the creditors may either appear by chemfelves, or by any 10 k perfon authorifed to ad for them; and pupils and minors may appear by tbeir tutors and curators, or by any of tbem, or by a perfon properly authorifed to ad for (uch pupils and minors g and no creditor (hall have a vote at iiich meetings whofe debt, does not exceed ten pounds of lawful money of Great Britain j and the minutes of uich meetings, fobferibed by the prefes of the meeting, deded by a majority of the creditors prefen t, or others intitled to ad for them, (hall hear faith.

XVII* And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Arrefter That no arreftment of a debtor's perioral eftate, or any part of obliged tode-it, ufed at any time within thirty days before an application for li**r the ef-n fequeftration of fuch perioral eftate, under the authority of **“* arrefted* this ad, (hall give any preference to the anefting creditor, in the event of a fequeftration taking place; and the arreftce (hall be obliged to deliver the effeds a netted, or pay what he owes to the insolvent debtor to the fador appointed, as if no fuch arreftment had been ufed; and if the arreftce has delivered the effeds, or paid the money arrefted to the arrefter, by virtue of a decreet of .forth-coming, or any other authority whatever, the arrefter (hall be obliged to pay or deliver the feme to the fador appointed by the court.

XVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Poinderoblig. That no poinding of a debtor’s effeds, not completely executed c<* *® thirty days before an application for a fequeftration of the debtor’s ^egood* W perfonal eftate, under the authority of this ad, (hall give any poinded, right or preference to the poindqr, in the event «f a fequeftra-

s 2	tlon

aia

Pallor ifititlcd to recover goods And tfft&i (bid.

debt, convey cd unjuftly.

Anno diiodedmo GSorOii IlL c. 7L [1771:

tion taking place; but the poinder (hall be obliged to deliver to the fador the goods poinded, if not fold or diipofed of, when he is required To to do; and if they are then ibid or difpofed of, he (hall be liable to account to the fador for the apprized viloe of the goods poinded, and which (hall make part of the fund to be diftributed among the creditors*

XIX* And be it enaded by the authority afarefiud, That all payments made by a debtor to his creditors, after an application for a fequeftration of his perfonal eftate, under the authorityaf andpYyment this (hall be void and ineffectual to the receivers, in the of claim of	event of a fequeftration taking place; and the fador (hall be in-

titled to recover the monies fo paid as part of the bankrupt’s eftate * and the monies fo recovered (hall make a part of the fund to be diftributed among the creditors: and that no bargain of Tale of, or agreement about, any goods or effeds, or conveyance of any ground or claim of debt, by afftgnmenr, indorfc* xhent, or otherways, made by a debtor after an application for a fequeftration of his perfonal eftate, under the authority of this ad, for any caufe or confideration whatever, other than a fair and adequate price paid, or to be paid in money, (hall be effectual, in the event of a fequeftration taking place j and the fador (hall be intitled to recover fuch goods and effeds, fo fold ora-greed for, and to recover payment of fuch grounds or claims of debt fo conveyed, by alignment, indorsement, or otherways, for any caufe or confideration, other than a fair adequate price paid, or to be paid, as if fuch falc, agreement, or conveyance had never been made; and the effeds or debts fo recovered (hail make a part of the fund to be diftributed among the creditors. XX* Provided always, and be it enaded and declared, That prived of the ail arrefters and poinders, who (hall be deprived of the benefit benefit of any of their refpedive diligences in manner aforefaid, (hall be intit* fale^toVe- led demand, and to receive the expence laid out by them in ceive essences profecuting fuch diligences: and that all perions who (hall be incurred. deprived, in manner aforefaid, of the benefit of any bargain of fale, or agreement about any goods or effeds, or of any conveyance of claims or grounds of debt, (hall likewife be intitled to demand, and to receive, all the expence they may have, bm fide, incurred by the fale, bargain, or conveyance, being rendered inefledual,

XXI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid,That when any debtor fuffers the diligence to be executed againft him, which intitles the creditor who ufes fuch diligence to petition the court of feffihn for a fequeftration, it (hall be competent to any other of the creditors of the debtor to apply for fequeftration of the debtor’s perfonal eftate; and the court is hereby au-thorifed and required, upon fuch application, and upon pro-dudion of the grounds of debt of fuch petitioner or petitioner?, and fatisfying evidence of the diligence having been ufed, which is preferibed by this ad, before, a fequeftration can be applied for; and upon an oath being made to the verity of the debt, in manner as direded, when an application is made by the credi-

Perfons de-

Couri, upon application, and production of rounds of

I

cbt.

i?72«] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 72.	213

tor who has ufed diligence, to grant warrant for citing the debtor, to grant war-in the fame manner as if the fequeftration had been applied for JuSdebto1^ by the creditor who ufed the faid diligence, and to proceed in 111 r# the fame way and manner, a$ if the application had been made by the creditor who ufed the diligence: provided always, that no fuch application (hall be competent, unlefs it is made within the fpace of thirty days from the time the diligence was executed, which intitled the ufer thereof to apply for a fequeftration.

XXII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That On applica-all debtors who know themfelves to be failing in their credit and tion debt* circumftances, may apply to the court of feftion in time of fef-

fion, or to the lord ordinary officiating on the bills, in time of to fequegra* vacance, fetting forth their cafe, and offering to make a fair tioo. iurrender of their perfonal eftate: and upon fuch application the court, or the lord ordinary on the bills, in time of vacance, (hall forthwith proceed to fequeftration, appointing a fadtor, and to do all other things required by this adt to be done, when fequef-trations proceed upon the petition of creditors, in manner before diredted.

XXIII.	And be it further enadled and declared. That if any Debtors not debtor (hall not, after the fequeftration, make a fair and full complying 4 furrender of all his or her perfonal eftate, and of all his or her

books, and other writings and documents whatfoever, neceflary quired, to’be for difeoyering and recovering his or her perfonal eftate, or (hall puniflied as not comply with what is required of him or her by this adt, or fraudulent fhall behave in any refpedt fraudulently, with regard to his or bMlkruPtt* her creditors, he or (he (hall be puniftted by the court as a fraudulent bankrupt, and be excluded from the benefit of the adtion of Cifpo Bonorum.

XaIV. Provided always. That nothing in this adt contained Nothing con-fhall prevent or affedt any diligence, or other proceedings, a* tained to pre-gainft the real or heritable eftates of debtors; but it (hall be ?en-Al,^Ci?ce competent to every creditor to follow forth the fame in due courfe	c

of law.

XXV.	Provided alfo, and be it enadled, That the furplus of Surplus, after every debtor’s perfonal eftate that may remain after payment of payment of his or her debts, and of the expence incurred in carrying this

adt into execution, (hall b? paid over to the debtor, or tQ his or jjebtor. her affigns or executors.

XXVI.	And it is further enadled and declared, That if any If the debtor debtor (hall die during the fubfiftence of the fequeftration of his die dur* perfonal eftate, the proceedings under this adt, not with (landing ingfubfiftence thereof, (hall be carried on, and followed out, tq their conclu- tiont^proceed-fion; and the fadtor (hall be intitled to fue for, and to recover ingt’to be the debtor’s eftate, in the fame manner he would have been in- carried on. titled to do, if the debtor had continued in life.

XXVII.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That No fee to be no fee (hall be paid by any creditor to the clerks of court, or paid for an ^ any nerfon whatever, for an oath of verity or credulity as to ifCtbe the aebt claimed being due, or for production of the intereft debt does not or grounds of debt of any creditor* unlefs the debt claimed ex- exceed iqI. seeds foe fqtn of ten pounds lawful money of Great Britain.

XXVIII, And

tnakc necef-lary orders*

Creditors who

* 14	-Anno	duodecimo	Gborgii	III.	C.fi,	[1771,

If appeal (hall XXVIII, And it it alfo cnidtd by the authority aforefaid, eainft an in- ^at if any appeal (hall be taken againft any order or interlocu-terlocutor.&c.tor the coutt of feffion, or again# any ad or order of the the court to * lord ordinary upon the bills in timet of vacance, it (hallbelaw-ful and competent to the faid court, in time of feffion, and Ion) ordinary on the bills, in rime of vacance, notwitbftanding fiich appeal, to make inch orders, and dired fuch proceedings, as (hall appear to be expedient for preventing the eftate of the debtor from being embezzled, fccreted, or dilapidated, while dx appeal is pendant,

XXIX, And be it eiuded by the authority aforeiaid, That! any creditor who has ufed the diligence of horning and caprien prevented bv a8a'n^ his or her debtor, (hall be prevented from imprijbninr the court ot his or her debtor, by the debtor’s hiving obtained a perfond feffion from protfdion from the court of fcffioa, or the lord ordinary on the imprisoning bills, in purfuance of this sd{ the mefleoger employed to ip-ftafl inati% Prehen<* the debtor, returning, in bis execution, that be hat adiona, be t*40 prevented from imprifoning the debtor, by the debtor’s deemed equal having obtained fuch perfonal protedion, (hall, in all a&iont to imprifon- and queftions that may strife upon the cofiftrudion sod effefl of |nenU the ad of the parliament of Scotland, pafied in one thoufaod fix hundred and ninety-fix, intituled. An all far deflating stum bankrupts, be held and deemed equal to imprifonmem. Majority of XXX- And be it further enaded and declared by the autho. freditort w rity afore&id, That if two-thirda in value of the creditors pip ttt, in place ^®nt* ty themfelves, or others impowered to ad for them, at pf , ft$or. the meeting advertifed for chafing a fecond fador, and haring

Sroved their debts in manner before direded, (hall judge it to e more for the intereft of the creditors to manage the bankrupt’s perfonal eftate by the afiiftance of ttuftees, than to continue it under the management of a fador appointed by the coon of lefiioD, it (hall be lawful for them to chute a truftee or millets, for that purpofe, at that meeting; or for two-third* of the creditors in va)ue, at any fubfequent meeting called for that pur* pole by advertifment, in manner herein after mentioned, pub-jithed thirty days at lea# prior to the day of meeting, to (holt fuch truftee or truftees, and upon the minutes of the crediton making choice of fuch truftee or truftees being produced to the pourt, with qn acceptance on the part of the truftee or trullm pamed, the court uiall, and they are hereby required to nuke an ad or order, declaring the perfonal eftate of the bankrupt within Sttlland to be veiled in the truftee or truftees defied for the benefit of the whole creditors, and direding the fador to convey to the truftee or truftees all the perfonal eftate of the bankrupt out of Scotland, which has been conveyed to him by the bankrupt, fo for as had not been recovered; and to deliver to the faid truftee or truftees, or to any fador to be appointed by them, in manner hereafter direded, every part of the bankrupt’s perfonal eftate, and all writings concerning the fame, and to pay the balance that (hall appear to be due upon his ac-pquffts, be receiving fuch fum fqr the trouble be has been at as r ■“•	‘	the

*77**] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 72.	215

the court (hall dire&, and from thenceforth the fequeftration fhall ceafe, and the management of the bankrupt’s perfonal e-flate fhall bocommitted to the truftee or truftees.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Truftee* may That the faid truftee or truftees may either a<5t in the manage* chufeafaftor, merit of the bankrupt’s eftate, or may appoint a factor, for

whom they (hall be anfwerable, to adt for them, and may give fuch a reasonable reward to fuch factor for his trouble, pot exceeding five pounds fterling per (tittum, of the money recovered by him, or fuch other allowance as may be fpecified in the minutes of the creditor* wherein the truftee or truftees are cleded.

XXXII.	And be itlikewile ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Majority of That two-thirds of the creditors in value may, at any meeting, creditors may remove the truftee or truftees, and appoint another or others in

their place; and the former truftee or truftees, after receiving a po^t othcpu copy of the minutes appointing the new truftee or truftees, and pf the acceptance of the new truftee or truftees, (ubfcribed by the prefes of the meeting, (hall be bound to account to the new truftee or truftees for their or his management, and to deliver to fuch new truftee or truftees, or to the ra&or to be appointed by them, or for whom they (hall be anfwerable, all cftcds which belonged to the bankrupt in their cuftody, and all papers concerning the fame, with a conveyance to the new truftee or truftees of fuch parts of the bankrupt’s eftate as have pot been recovered; and upon the death of any truftee or truftees, two-thirds of the creditors in value, may at any . meeting, appoint another or others in his or their place.

XXXIII.	Providing always. That the meeting where fuch	for

removal and appointment of truftees are made (hall be called by fuch removal pne or more creditors, by advertifement as is herein after men- tobec*lled by tinned; which advertifement (hall be repeated twice at the leaft,

iorty days before the day of meeting, and contain an intimation of the purpofe for which the meeting is called,

XXXIV.	Abd be it further enabled by the authority afore- Truftee* to faid. That the minutes of (he meeting of creditors, appointing perform tbe truftees, fubfenbed by the prefes pf tbe meeting, and of the ac-ceptance of the truftees fubferibed by tbemfelves, (hall be evi- the minute*. (fence in all courts of jpftice; and -the faid truftee or truftees

(hall be liable to perform all tbe condition* fpecified in the minutes, in which they are elected and appointed, and (hail be bound to account to the creditors for the legal intcreft of all money recovered from the bankrupts, that (hall appear to be ip their hand;, or ip the hands of their factor, at any time, exceeding the fum of ope hundred pounds lawful money of Great Britain, except in fo far as this rule may be relaxed by the creditors in tbeir minptes, in which the truftee or truftees are e-lefled and appointed.	Court to *p.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That, for the purpofe of point one of parrying this a<ft more effectually into execution, the court of theEdinburgh fcffiop mall be, and hereby is, autborifed and required, to ap- ^adver-

? 4	point,	tUeotenu.

NqViIW of exchange, or

216	Anno duodecimo Georgii 111. c. 72.	[1771,

point, from time to time, one publick paper, printed at Edinburgh, wherein may and (hall be ialerted ail fuch advertifemenu as are herein before direded to be publilhed.

After May 1 e,	XXXVI. Jnd whereas it would be advantageous to trait in that

I77*t proraiu pnrt Qf Great Britain called Scotland, that premjfory notes were d-tSar intercft	^ f“mmary execution and other privileges with bills; be

at tiilU. it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the fifteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, the fame diligence and execution (hail be compc-tent, and (hall proceed upon promiflory notes, .whether holograph or not, as is provided to pafs upon bills of exchange, and inland bills, by the law of Scotland, and that promiflory notes (hall bear intereft as bills, and (hall pafs by indorfation; and that indorfees of promiflory notes (hall have the fame privileges as indorfees of bills in all points.

XXXVII.	Jnd whereas the not limiting bilk andpromijforj netti to a moderate endurance in that part of Great Britain called Scot-

pot«! execut- *an<* Pas ^een foun& b txperience to he attended with greet imme-ed after May niencies; for remedy whereof, be it<ena&ed by the authority 3-15,177*, to be forefaid. That no bill of exchange, or inland bill, or promiffo-ry notc* executed after the fifteenth day of May, one thoufand gence^ * * feven hundred and feventy-two, (hall be of force, or effedual tq unleft fuch Produce any diligence or a£Hon in that part of Great Britain aW-diligence (hall	Scotland,	unlefs fuch diligence (hall be raifed and executed, or

be ulfcd before adlion commenced thereon, within the fpace of fix years from the expiration and after the terms at yvhich the fums in the faid bills or notes of fix years, became exigeble.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena&cd, That no bill of exchange, or inland bill, or'pomiflory note, which has been or (hall be granted before the (aid fifteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, (hall be of force, or effectual to produce any diligence or a&ion, unlefs fuch diligence has been or (hall be raifed, or adtion has or (hall be commenced thereon before the expiration of flx years, from and after the faid fifteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two.

B*nJc bills not XXXIX. Providing always. That no notes, commonly call-comprehend- cd Bank Notes or Pojl Bills, ifiued or to be iflbed by any bank or banking company, and which contain an obligation of payment to the bearer, and are circulated as money, (ha]l be comprehended under the aforefaid limitation or prefeription 5 and rhat it (hall and may be lawful and competent, at any time after the expiration of the faid fix years, in either of the cafes before mentioned, to prove the debts contained in the faid bills, and promiflory notes, and that the fame ere refting and owing by the oaths or writs of the debtor.

XL. And it is hereby enadted and declared. That the years of the minority of the creditors, in fuch notes or bills, (hall not be computed in the faid fix years.

XLI. And it is further ena&ed and declared, That all inland bills and prqmiflbry notes (hall he protefted in like manner as

foreign

Bills of exchange. See. granted before May 15, ?77*> to be fubjeft to the above limitation.

ed under the above limitation.

Years of minority not to tje computed.

Prqmilforjr notes and inland bills to

177*1 Anno duodecimo Georoii III. 0.73.	217

foreign bills before the expiration of the three days of grace, o- beprotefted as therwife there (hall be no recourfe againft the drawers or indor- forel|n h^U. fers|of fuch inland bills, or againft the indorfers of fuch promifr*

Tory notes; and it (hall be fufficient to preferve the faid recourfe, if notice is given of the dilhonour within fourteen days after the proteft is taken, without prejudice to the notification of the dif« honour of .foreign Hits, to be made within fuch time as is required by the ulage and cuftom of merchants.

XLII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. After May 15, That from and after the faid fifteenth day of May9 one thoufand «77*» feven hundred and feventy-two, fummary execution, by horn- {7 *xec4tion, ing, or other diligence, mall pafs upon bills, whether foreign or ftall faTrlTup-inland, and whether accepted or protefted for non-acceptance, on billt, Ac, and upon all promiflory notes duly negociated, not only againft the accepters of fuch bills, or grantors of fuch notes, but alfo againft the drawers of fuch bills, and the whole indorfers of the faid bills and notes jointly and feverally, excepting where the indorfation is qualified to be without recourfe, faving and re-ferving to the drawers or indorfers their refpeftive claims of re* courfe againft each other, and all defences againft the fame, according to law.

XL11I. And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, After Mayli5, That from and after the faid fifteenth day of May% one thoufand >77** fumraa-feven hundred and feventy-two, fummary execution, by horn- |7 execution ing, or other diligence, mail be competent to the indorfee of a bill, although the proteft is not in the name of the indorfee tent to the m-craving the diligence; and although the bill is not re-conveyed dorfec. to him by indorfation, if he produces a receipt for the value by of honour, or a miflive letter from the protefting indorfee, rnentioning the dilhonour agreeable to the practice of merchants in returned bills.

XLIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. The aft to That the prefent a ft fhall continue, and be in force for feven	for

years, from the faid fifteenth day of fl4ajy one thoufand feven 7 7 hundred and feventy-two, and to the end of the then next fef-(ion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LXXIII. fin ail for the better regulation of buildings and party to alls within the cities of London and Weftminfter, and the liberties thereof and other the parijbes, precinfts, and places in the weekly bills of mortality, the parifbes of Saint Mary-le-bon and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chclfea, in the county of Middlefex; and for tfre better preventing of mifebiefs by fire within the faid (ities, liberties, parifhes, precinfts, and places, and for amending and reducing the laws relating thereto into one aft; and for other purpofes.

WHEREAS the fcveral afls of parliament now in forte for Pr.a.nble. regulating buildings and party walls, and for preventing tnif	%

2i8	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	ID. C.73.	[1772.

tkitfi happening by fire, fer providing fire-engines, obtum^t Juffuitnt /apply of water at , mfer paying rewards a/Kfling at fires within the of London and Weftminfter, ad tie liberties thereof,and other the , plow within the weekly bills of mortality, the fevered purifies of Saint Mary-Je-bon and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Lake e Cbeffes, in the county yfMiddlefex, and the provifitiu, rtgnktim, and rtfiriaiens, made and fpetified in and by the frveral t&, hove, in many refpt&s, been found iyfitfficieat to cm/wtr the good pv-ptfes intended thereby : and whereas it will tend to the fafety of inhabitants, and prevent great inconveniences to builders and voerbu employed in buildings within the laid cities and	periptt,

preeinfls, and places, if feme of the find acts were repealed, exi tu good and wholefomt laws and provifiems therein contained wen n-enabled and reduced into one aO, with	further	rqnletim,

amendments, and previfions refpeBing buildings, end for lit preventing mifebiefsby fire as aforefiad 2 may it pleafc your Ma-jelty that it may be enaded j and be it eroded by the Kmg’i moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content ol the lord* fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect Itoles to be parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lane, That obfmed in from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand the ereftion feven hundred and feventy-two, in all buildings to be built within the faid cities, liberties, parilhes, precinds, and places, 01 and every of them, the rules, diredions, and reforidions hereinafter prescribed Oral] be duly obferved by all perfons therdo concerned $ and that no houfe or other* building lhall be ended within the limits aforefaid, but fuch as lhall be purAaant to liicfa rules and orders of buildings as are herein-after particularly appointed, any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary notvrithlund-ing; (that is to fay,) that all fronts and rear walls of every houfe or tenement, for habitation, to be built as aforciaid, within the limits aforefaid, lhall be built of brick or Hone, or of brick and ftone together, (except found Square bond timbers, door cafes, and window frames, (butters, (lory pods, and braff* fummer fronts to the ground floor flory, and cornices to the breaft-fummer fronts;) and that all the front walls of every fuch houfe or tenement for habitation lhall be carried up to the foil height of eighteen inches above the gutter, and coped with ftone, tile, or brick, and not otherwife; and that from and aha the faid twenty-fourth day of one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, every houfe or tenement for habitation, which lhall be fo erefled and built, lhall have party walls between houfe and houfe, or other buildings, wholly of brick «r ftone, or of brick and (lope together, (ail neceflary found (quart bond timbers only excepted j) and that fuch party walls between houfe and houfe lhall be built, one half thereof on the (oil or feite of each of the faid houfes; and that every party wall, or frank, or fide wall of every fuch houfe or building, the expence, of building and finilhing of which houfe lhall exceed the fumot pne bunched and twenty pounds, lhall be qf the thicknefc of

no

1

x 772'] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. €.73^	ft 19

two bricks and one half in length, or one foot and nine inches at the leaft in the cellar or lowed ftory, and of two bricks in length, or one foot five inches, and one half of an inch, firom thence upwards to the garret floor, and from the garret floor upwards one brick and an half in length, or thirteen inches 1 and (hall be carried up of fuch lalt mentioned thicknefe to the full height of eighteen inches above the roof of gutters adjoin* ing thereto\ ana to every houfe or tenement for habitation, the expence of building and finifhing of which houfe (hall not ex* ceed the fura of one hundred and twenty pounds, every party wall, and every flank or fide wall, (hall be of the tbicknefs of one brick and an half in length, or thirteen inches in the cellar, , or lowed dory, and from thence upwards, (hall be carried up of the thicknefs of one brick in length, or nine inches, to the full height of eighteen inches above the roof or gutters adjoin* ing thereto $ and that all and every the bricks which (hall bo ufed in every fuch party walls (hall be good, found, hard, and well-burnt bricks, and none other $ and that no timbers (except the girders, binding^ and trimming joids, and the templets under the fame, and all fuch neceflary bond timbers as aforefaid) fhall be laid into any fuch party wall, or flank, or fide wall as aforefaid; and that Do timbers of the roof (hall be laid into any fuch party wall, or flank, or fide wall, (except the purloins or kirbs thereof, and gutter plates,) snd that no girder, bindings or trimming joids, (hall lie more than nine inches within fuch party wall, flank, or fide wall, and that no girder, binding, or trimming joids, in houfes or buildings adjoining to each other,

(hall meet or be laid oppofite to each other, and that the fides thereof (hall be at lead nine inches diflant from each other 5 and that there (hall be five inches at the lead of folid brickwork left at or between the ends of all lentils, wall plates, and bond timbers, tQ be hereafter ufed in any fuch buildings as aforefaid.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the atitho- No bow win-rity aforefaid. That no bow window or other projection (hall dows.ro be be built, made, fet up, or affixed in, to, againft, or before any houfe or other building, fituate in any publick ftreet, lane, or place, fronting to any fuch dreet, lane, or place, (except for Exception for the convenience of a (hop pr (hops only ;) and where any fuch (hops, window, or other projection, (hall* be (o made, fet up, or fixed, for the convenience of a (hop or (hops, the fame (hail not project or extend forwards more than five inches from the upright of the houfe or building to thofront of the (tail-board, in any dreet, lane, or place, which mall not be thirty-two feet-wide, nor more than ten inches from fuch upright to the front of the fiall-board, in any dreet, lane, or place, being more than thirty-two feet wide; and that no fuch projection, in any cafe (hall bo carried higher than the ground dory, or ftory next above the level of the ftreet, lane, or place of the houfe or other building, in, to, againft, or before which the fame (hall be made or plac-fd j nor (hall any {oof qver any projection, by this aCt allowed

Pfonfo.

Gate-ways,

Uc. to be left lor carriages to pals to wharfit

Anno duodecimo Gborgii III. c. 73.'	[1771.

Co be made or fet up, be higher than the fill of the one pair of ftairs window of fuch laft-mentioned houfe or building; and that no timber building, projection; or eredion whatsoever, (otherwife than as aforefaid,) (hall be built or erefted in the front or rear, or on the top of any houfe or building; any cuf-tom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft contains! (hall extend, or be conftnjed to extend, to interfere with, a make void any of the powers heretofore given by any aft of parliament to the commiffioners of fewcrs, lamps, and pavements, for the city of London, and the liberties thereof.

IV.	And whereas in the building of houfes or other building m or adjoining to the river Thames, it may be proper and convmatu ereft or leave arebways, or other gateways, for tarts and tarriqtsn pafs under the faid houfes% or fomepart or parts of fome oftbmti wharfs near or adjoining to the faid river, and to place or fa bmf fummers iffto the walls of fucb part or parts of fitch boufes9fi extend ing over or aerofs fitch archways or gateways; be it therefore ended by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the builder of the party wall or party walls of any houfe or houfes, or other buildings, near or adjoining to the fiid river, within the limits aforefaid, to make or leave archways or gateways for carriages to pafs to the faid wharfs, in fuch pan of the ground and cellar floors, or either of them, of any fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings, and to place and fix a proper bread*fummer or breaft-fummers, over any fuch archedway or gate-way; any thing herein contained, or any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena$ed, That every wall and w*Hs to be erefted or fet up upon any breaft-fummer,

rfs to be ovcr tny fuch arched-way or gate-way, (hall not be lefs than nc and onc an{j an half, or thirteen inches thick ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perton or per-

Walli aerofs gate-ways to wharfs to be one brick ai half thick.

In what cafea

ad builder ___________________________^_______________________   _	_	^________r

!!fe Pnrty fons, who (hall build'againft any fuch party wall or party walls, w * flank, or fide wall or walls, and (hall have paid the full and due proportion of the charges of building fuch wall or walls, according to the direftions herein-after fet forth, to cut into fuch wall or walls, and to lay into the fame, according to the direftions and regulations herein preferibed, girders, binding joifts, and templets, under the fame, according to the (aid direftions and regulations, at fuch diftances, and in fuch manner, as the firft builder might do, and not otherwife; and alfo to make indents of not more than four inches, for inferring of partition walls and jambs of chimnies therein ; and alfo to make an indent into the end of any adjoining front wall, not more or deeper than (bur inches, for the purpofe of joining the walls between houfe and houfe; and to cut into any fuch wall or walls, where there is no funnel, the depth of five inches, and not more or deeper, for the purpofe only of laying (lone fteps into the fame wall or

walls i

k 772.] Anno duddecimo GSorgIi lit. c.73..	ft®1

walls; and of the depth of four inches, and not more or deeper? for laying timbers for flairs or fteps of wood; but (hall not cut into, or wound any fuch wail or walls, in any other part or parts thereof, or in any other manner or for any other purpofe what-foever; and that no cornice or projection of wood, in or upon any other wall of any houfe or other building, already built, of hereafter to be built, in any (treet, lane, or place, within the limits aforeiaid, (hall be maoe or differed, except to frontifpieces of doors, and fuch (hop windows as are hereby authorifcd to be made,

VII.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority Regulation* aforeiaid. That if ahy perfon or perfons, being poflefied of, and for placing antitied unto any ground adjoining to any flank or fide wall of	-

a houfe or building for habitation, about to be built* or building ’JJjjjL on any new foundation or foundations, according to the direc- y tions of this adt, (hall be defirous of building any houfe or tenement for habitation on the ground fo adjoining, and of having chimney jambs, breads, and flues of chimnies, tor fuch his, her, or their intended houfe or building, eredted and fet into any (ueh flank or fide wall; or being poflefied of any houfe or other building, adjoining to any houfe or tenement for habitation, hereafter to be built on any old foundation or foundations, within the limits of this adt, (hall be defirous of having chimney jambs, breads, and flues of chimnies, for fuch adjoining houfe or tenement, eredted and fet into any party wall or walla hereafter to be eredted according to the directions of this ad, and of fuch defire (hall and do give notice in writing to the builder or builders thereof, or any one of them at any time before any fuch flank or fide wall or party wall (hall be begun to be built; then, and in that cafe, fuch builder or builders (hall, and is and are hereby directed and required, from and after fuch notice fo given, to eredt in a proper fubfiantial, and workmanlike manner, fuch and fo many chimney jambs, breads, and flues of chimnies, in all fuch parts of every fuch flank, or fide wall, or party wall unbuilt at the time of fuch notice, as (hall be by the perfon or perfons giving fuch notice required and directed, hot interfering with, or injurious to the jambs and. flues of the chimnies to be built to the adjoining houfe or tenement, nor being in any refpedt contrary to the rules, orders, regulations and reftridtions, in and by thi$ adt prefcribed and directed : and from and after the eredting and fetting up fuch jambs, breads, and flues of chimnies fo required to be built, the per-fon or perfons giving any fuch notice as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors and adminiftrators, (hall, to all intents and pur-pofes, be deemed and taken to have made ufe of every fuch flank, or fide wall, or party wall, and (hall be from thenceforth liable to pay the whole expence of eredting and fetting up all and every fuch jambs, breads, and flues of chimnies eredted and built in purfuance of fuch notice,‘and alio one full moiety of the expence of the whole of eveiy wall or walls in which fuch jambs, breads, and flues (hall Dc fo eredted > to be computed

222	Afino duodecimo CrSORGii III. c. 73.	[1)71.

pitted 2nd afcertaincd as herein-after direded, and to be recover* able and recovered, with foil or common cofis of fuit, in the fame or like manner as any other proportion of any party mil or other wail is herein and hereby made recoverable.

Thickneft of . VIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, chimney That all jambs and backs of chimnies, which, from and after the laid twenty-fourth day of one thoufand {even hundred and feventy-two, (hall be eroded or built within tbe limit* afore laid, dull be at leaft one brick and an half, or thirteen inches thick, in the cellar or lowed dory of the buildings whet, in the fame (hall be ereded, and from thence to the upper ftory of fuch building, one brick or nine inches thick; and that all withs, in the infide of fuch chimnies, (hall be the breadth of t Beimel* to be brick or four inches thick} and that all the funnels of foch pi littered and chimnies (hall be pi aidered or pargetted on the infide on all pan P?'jFtted|1 thereof from the bottom to the top, and (hall al(b be pliidend without, 0,1 P*rgdted without fide to tbe deling of the upper dory; and tint the flues of every chimney on tbe outfide of every fuch party wall as aforefaid, next to any vacant ground, (hall be lime-whited, from the bottom to the roof of tin houfe or budding > Hearth* to be and that every chimney, to be built as aforefaid, fhallbe •"bed with turned or arched under tbe hearth thereof with bride, except on the loweft ftory of the building wherein the feme (hall be ended; and that no timber (ball lie or be placed nearer then five inches to any chimney funnel or fire place; and that every mantle between die jambs of chimnies (hall be arched over with brick, or fet upon an iron bar or iron bars } and that no wood or waiofcot whatever (hall be placed or affixed to the front of any fuch jamb or mantic nearer than five inches from the infide of fuch jamb or mantle; and that no fiove, bailer, copper, or oven, (hall, from and after the find twenty-fourth day or Jau, *r*t0 0116 tboufand (even hundred aod feventy-two, be £et up, fixed, or hung within the limits aforefaid, oiherwife than with iron, brick, or ftone; nor (hall the flue of any fuch fiove, boiler, copper, or oven, be placed nearer than nine inches to any timbtf or wood, for or on any pretence wbatfoever,

IX.	And be it further -ended by tbe authority aforefaid, That from and after the (aid twenty-fourth day of Jem, one thoofond (even found nod and feventy-two, it (hall not be lawful to make or have in any flank or fide wall of any houfe or building agrinft or adjoining to which any other houfe or bailding it to be, or may be ended, or in any party wall of any houfe a building for habitation within the limits aforefaid (except u herein-before exprefied and direded) any door-cafe, window-lentil, breaft-fumtner, ftory poft, or plate whatever, unlefi where two or more bodes or other buildings (hall be laid together, and being fo laid together (hall be ufed and occupied a$ one houfe or building.

Direction* re- X. And be it further enaded by fire authority aforefaid, fpefting front That if the front or rear wall of any houfe or other building * aUvflory	*** habitafion, which* from and after the fiud twenty-fourth day

brick.

Between the jamb* to be arched with brick, er fet on iron.

How floret, boiltrs, and

Ho breaft-fnmmer, door-cafe, window. to be in any party wall.

772.}	Anno duodecimo Gfiondit III. c. 73.	aa$

f ?«*/, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, (hall be pofti, breatt-reCted or built within the limits aforefaid, (hall be built; made, rummer*,

■r carried up, otberwife than with brick or done, or brick and P?r*y tone together, (except as herein excepted;) or if any fuch front ^ft^chira* rail (hall not be built and carried up from the foundation of fuch nie»/bow toufe or other building to the fuU height herein directed and window*, &c. equired; or if any fuch wall (hall not be coped with done, tile, J-°

>r brick; or if any fuch houfe or other building which (ball be	*

reded (hall not have fuch party wall and walls, flank, or fide ’ vails, wholly of brick or done, or of brick and done together, is herein before di reded and required, (except as herein except-xl j) or if any fuch party wall, flank, or fide wall, (hall be in iny part thereof of a lefler thicknefa than is herem-before preen bed, or (hall not be carried up to tbe full height herein di* cCted and required; or^f any bricks, other than good, found, tard, well-burnt bricks, (hall be laid, put into, or lift'd in any ueb party wall, flank, or fide wall; or if any timber, other than prders, binding, and trimming joids, and templets under them, ind other than neceflary found fquare bond timbers; or if any imber of the roof (except the purloins and kirbs thereof, and fitter plates) (hall be laid into any party wall, flank, or fide vail, as aforefaid ; or if any girder, or binding, or trimming * oid, (hall be laid into any party wall, more than nine inches) ir if the ends of any girders, binding, or trimming joids, in any djoining boufes, or other buildings, (hall meet or be laid eppo-ite to each other $ or if the tides of any girders, or binding, of rimming joids, in any adjoining houfe, or other building, lhall lot be of the full didance herein directed, from each other; of f there (hall not be five inches in breadth, at the lead, of folid ■rick-work left between the ends of all and every lentils, wall ■lates, or bond timbers j or if any bow window, or other pro-sCtion, (hall be buitt, made, fet up, or affixed to, againft, of ■efore any houfe or other building fronting to any dreet, lane,

>r place, except for the convenience of a (hop or (hops only ;

>r if any bow window, or other projection for the convenience f a (hop or (hops (hall project or extend forward more than ive inches from the upright of the houfe or building to the front f the Hall-board in any dreet, lane, or place, not being thirty-wo feet wide, or more than ten inches from fuch upright to the ront of the dall-board in any dreet, lane, or place, which (hall e more than thirty-two feet wide, or (hall be higher than the sp of the ground-dory, or dory next above tbe level of the Teet, lane, or place of the houfe or other building, to, or againd, r before which the fame fhall be made or placed ; or if any roof ver any projection by this aCt allowed to be made or fet up hall be higher than the fill of the one pair of flairs window of ich lad-mentioned houfe or building; or if any timber build-tig, erection, or projection whatever, other than by this aCt aimed, (hall be built or ereCted in the front or rear, or on the op of qny houfe or building; or if any perfon or perfons who tall build againd any party waH, or end or fide wall, (hall make

any

224	Anno	duodecimo	GtoRfiii lit. C;7g.	[1771*

idy indent of more than four inches for infesting any partition wall and jambs of chimnies therein, or (hall make in any adjoining front wall an indent more or deeper than font inches,

* for the better adjoining of the front walls between houfe and houfe, or (hall cut into any other part of any fach wall to any greater depth than five inches for the laying of ftone fteps into the fame, or more than four inches for laying ftairs or fteps tf woodj of if any cornice or projection of wood, except to (hops having breaft-fummer fronts, and to frontifpieces of doors, aod fuch bow window* as are hereby authorifed to be made, (hall be put or fuffered in any front or rear wall of any houfe or othe building already built) or hereafter to be built, within the limits aforefaid, or other wall fronting to any ftreet, lane, or place; or if the jamb or back of any chimney to be built within the limits aforefaid (hall not be at leaft ope brick and an half or thirteen inches thick in the cellar or loweft ftory, and brick or nine inches to the upper ftory; or if any with within the infide of any chimney (hall be lefs than four inches thick ; or if any funnel in any luch chimney (hall not be piaiftered or pargerted within and without, as herein before-direded; or if on the flue of every chimney, on the outfide of every party wall next to any vacant ground, (hall not be limewhited from the bottom to the roof of the houfe or building \ or if any chimney hereafter to be built within the limits aforefaid (hall not be turned or arched under the hearth with brick, except in the lowed ftory; or if any timber (hall lie or be placed nearer than five inches to any chimney, funnel, or fire-place; or if any mantle between the jambs of the chimney (hall not be arched over with brick, or fet upon an iron bar or iron bars i or if any wood or wain-fcot (hall be placed or affixed to the front of the jamb or mantle nearer than five inches from the infide of fuch jamb or mantle; or if any ftove, boiler, copper, or oven, (ball be fet up, placed, or hung otherwife than herein-before directed ; or if, for or any account or pretence whatever, any party wall, or end or fide wall whatever, (hall be cut into or wounaed, (except as is herein excepted;) or if any door cafe, window, window frame, lentil, breaft-fummer, ftory poft, plate, or timber, (all neceiTary bond timber as aforefaid excepted) (hall be fixed, fet up, or put into any party wall, or end or fide wall, except where two or more houfes or other buildings (hall be laid together, aod ufd under the pe- and occupied as one houfe or building * then, and in every or nalty of 50L any fuch cafe, the mafter or head builder, mafter bricklayer, or mafter workman, or other perfon caufing fuch building to be ereCted and built, (hall, for every offence or default as aforefaid, forfeit and pay the film of fifty pounds $ one moiety thereof to be paid to the ©verfeer or overfeers of the poor of the parHh, precinCt, or place wherein the offence was committed, for tie ufe of fuch poor only, and the other moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons fuing for the fame ; to be recovered by aflion 0! debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s coorti of record at JViJlminJiir, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law. or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XL And

i?72.] Anno duodecimo Geo Roll III. C. 73/	42g

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Parifhioner*, That the parifhioners and inhabitants of the parifh, precinct,&c- where the or place where any offence agsrinft this ad (hall be comm*Ued®^enn^t,t*cJ (except perfons receiving alms) (hall be admitted and allowed be* witneffes. to be competent witneffes in thetrial or otherwife, in any adion,

bill, plaint, or information, in any of the faid courts of record* or at or upon the hearing and determination of any information before the mayor of London*, or other juftice of the peace, for or concerning any offence or offences againlt this prefent ad, not* withstanding his, her, or their being a parishioner or parifhioners* ' inhabitant or inhabitants, in fuch parifh, precind, or place.

XII.	And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid, Builder, after That the matter or head builder, matter bricklayer, or matter convidion, to workman, or other perfon caufing fuch building 10 be ereded,[|^jaS??£ againft whom any of the fqrfeitures or penalties aforefaid (hall OIf^ln 0f a be recovered, Shall, and .is hereby required, within the fpace of further pe-nine months next after the recovery thereof, to make good all of 30U fuch defeds and irregularities, for which every fuch forfeiture

and penalty was recovered, and render the building of fuch houfe and houfes, or othdr building or buildings, conformable to the directions of this prefent ad: and in cafe all or any of the defeds and irregularities for which fuch forfeiture or forfeitures, penalty or penalties, was or were recovered (hall not be made good, and the building of the faid houfe or houfes, or other buildings. Shall not be rendered conformable to the diredions of this prefent ad, within the faid nine months; then every perfon or perfons againtt whom fuch recovery Shall have been*

Shall forfeit the Sum of fifty pounds ; to be recovered and applied in the fame or like manner as the before-mentioned forfeitures and penalties are herein-before direded to be recovered and applied, and fo toties quoties* for every nine months that fuch defeats and irregularities Shall continue 3 and that fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings, Shall remain built otherwife than conformable to the directions of this prefent ad.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authbrity aforefaid, Workmen do* That if any workmen or fervants to any matter or head builder, ing any thing matter bricklayer, or matter workman, or other perfon or per- co.nlrarn° fons caufing fuch buildings to be erected. Shall wilfully, care- *0j*1 lefsly, or negligently, and without the diredion, privity, or consent of fuch matter or head bricklayer, or matter workman, do

any thing in or about fuch buildings, contrary to the diredions of this ad, every fuch workman or fervant fo offending, fhall, for every offence, upon convidion thereof before the mayor of London, or other juftice of the peace for the faid city of London, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid county of Middleftx or county of Surrey* or the city and liberty of IVeJiminJier, or the liberty of bis Majefly’s Tcwer of London,

(as the cafe Shall be) upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, (which oath the faid mayor and every fuch juftice is hereby impowered and required .to adminifter,) or up-	*

on his own confeflion. Shall forfeit the fum of ten pounds; one Vol* XXIX,	moiety

2a€	Annd	duodecimo	GeoRgii lit. c.73;	[1771

moiety thereof to be paid to the overfeer or overfeers of the poor of the parith, precindt, or place wherein the offence was com.

. tnitted, for the ufe of the poor only, and the other moiety there, of to the informer ; and if any iuch forfeiture of ten pounds (hall not be paid upon and immediately after fuch conyiflioo, then the offender (hall, by warrant, under the hand and lea! of fuch mayor or other juftice, (except as herein-after is excepted,] be committed to the houfe of correction, there to remain wiL out bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three mods, nor lefs than one month, unlefs the faid penalty (hill be foooer paid.

Owners in- XIV. And whereas feveral houfes and other buildings, with* tk to limits aforefaid, are in part erected and built over the grmiesi in^toVhe aft f0^ °f anot"*r* or ot^er proprietor or proprietors, or the fiverdrm but are pre- * or floors of fuch houfes lie intermixed over or under each otherJotkt vented by the a party wall between fuch houfes cannot he built upon the old fours-premifes being eions perpendicular through all theflories, without pulling down jof writ? thepro* houfes, and laying parts of each to the other, or others, of futb bovfo, perty of other *n which cafes difficulties have arifen, or may arife, bmonjtftk owners under faid feveral owners or proprietors, and the rebuilding the fmpre-disability, or mifes, and the faid party walls thereof \ may be thereby prevented cr totalmay ap- delayed, to the great injury or inconvenience of fuch of the cwimst ply to the	are deftrous of rebuilding: for remedy whereof, and in order to prt-

mayor, or to vent the fatal effefts of fire, be it enaCted by the authority afore-the juftice* at faid. That in all and every or any of iuch cafes, when any fcffionfc ^a™r owncr or proprietor of any fuch houfe or other building within the limits aforefaid, intermixed as aforefaid, (hall be defirousof rebuilding his, her, or their faid houfe or other building, and the owner or owners of fucb houfe or other building, which did or (hall thereto adjoin, (hall not be able or willing to join, or by reafon of any legal difability cannot join in fuch rebuilding, then if the party or parties fo defirous of rebuilding his, her, or their houfe or houfes, or other buildings, (hall give notice in writing, to the owner or owners of fuch houfe or hoofes, or other buildings, which did or (hall thereto adjoin, that he, (he, or they, fo intending to rebuild, will apply to the court of mayor and aldermen of the city of London, to be holden in the oarer 1	chamber of the guildhall of the faid city, according to thecuf-

tom of the faid city, when the premiles, or any part thereof' (hall be fituate within the faid city, or the liberties thereof ; to the juftices of the peace for the county of Middle fix % in thea general or quarter feffions of the peace for the (aid county of Middlefex, when the premifes, or any part thereof, (hall be fituate in the faid county of Middlefex; or to the juftices of m ' peace for the county of Surrey, in their general quarter feffioni of the peace for the faid county of Surrey, when the premifc,! or any part thereof, (hall be fituate in the faid county of Sum or to the juftices of the peace for the faid city and liberty of JVeflrmnfter, in their general quarter feflion of the peace for tfc faid city and liberty, when the premifes, or any part thereof, (hall be fituate in the faid city or liberty) or to the juftices« •*	tbs

I772'l Anno duodecimo Georgii lit. C. 73* the pesice lor the faid liberty of the Tower of London, in their, general quarter feflions of the peace for the faid liberty, when the premifes, or any part thereof, (hall be lituate in the faid liberty, which (hall be next holdeti after fourteen days from the delivery of fuch notice, in order to obtain the judgement and determination of the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or of the (aid court of feflions, (as the cafe (nail be,) touching the rebuilding the houfe or houfes, or other buildings, or party walls, to be deferibed in fuch notice, and for afeertaining the feite ot a perpendicular party wall or party walls, to be built according to the directions and reftriftiotls in this aft contained and deferibed, by delivering a true copy of fuch notice to the owner or owners of fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings, which did or (hall adjoin, or by leaving the fame at his, her, or their lad or ufual place of abode, or by delivering a true copy of fuch notice to the tenant in poffeflion of fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings, which did or (hall fo adjoin, or by fixing fuch copy to or upon the door, or other notorious part of fuch lad-men-* tioned houfe or other building \ then, and in every fuch cafe, it fiiall and may be lawful to and for the faid court of mayor and aldermen, and to and for the juftices of the peace for the faid county of Middlesex, in their general or quarter feflions of the peace for the (aia county of Mddlefexy and to &hd for the faid juftices of the peace in their general quarter feflions bf the peace refpeftively, (as the cafe (hall be,) and they are hereby rcfpec-tively authorifed and required, upon application to them by the party or parties fo defirous to rebuild, and upon fuch proof of fuch notice as they (frail deem reasonable* to itfue their warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, to the (heriffs of Lohdon, or to Sbeiiffi to the (herifF of the faid county of Middle[ex, or (heriff of the faid county of Surrey, or (heriff or bailiff of the liberty of his Majef- purp£fes ty’s Tower ofJLondon, (as the cafe (hall be,) requiring therin dr determining him refpeftively, to Impanel and return a competent number of whether pr«-fubftantial and difinterefted perfons, qualified to ferve on juries within the refpeftive diftrifts for which they are fummoned, not 04	t,*c*

lefs than twenty-four, nor more than thirty-fix; and out of fuch perfons fo to be impanelled, fummoned, and returned, a jury of twelve perfons (hall be drawn by fofne perfort or perfons to be by the faid rourt Or feflioh appointed, in fuch manner as juries are directed to be drawn for the trial of ifiues joined in his Majesty’s Courts of record at IVeJlminJhr, by an aft made in the third year 6f the reign of his late majddy King George the Aft j Geo* *#* Second, (intituled, An act for the betted regulation of juries \) which perfons fo to be impanelled, fummoned, and returned as aforefaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the faid court of mayor and aldernlen, or before the faid Courts of feflions for the faid county of Middlefex y or county of Surrey y or city and liberty of iVeJlminJler; or the liberty of his Majesty’s Tower of London, (as the cafe (hall be,) at fuch time and> place as in fuch warrant or warrants precept or precepts (hall be di-xefted and appointed, and there to attend, from day to day un-. ‘ QJZ	'	ul

i2f	Anno	duodecimo Georgii III. c, 73.	[1772:

til difcharged by the court; and all parties Concerned (hall and may have their lawful challenges againft any of the faid jury, Witneflci may but (hall not be at liberty to challenge the array; and the (aid be cited. court of mayor and aldermen, and any of the faid courts of the " faid county of Middlefex or Surrey, city and liberty of Wtftmn-fiery or liberty of the Tower of London, is and are hereby autho-rifed and impowered, by precept or precepts, from time to tins, as occafion (hall require, to call before them refpeftively all and '	every	perfon	and	perfons who (hall be thought proper orn?-

ceflary to be examined as a witnefs or witnefTes before them,® their oath or oaths, concerning the premifes and either of the faid courts, if they (hall think fit, (hall and may likewife autho-rife the faid jury to view the place or places in queftion, in fuch manner as they (hall diredt j and (hall have power to command fuch jury, and all fuch witnefles and parties as (hall be necefcry or proper, to attend until all fuch affairs for which they are fum-moned (hall be concluded ; and the faid jury, upon their oaths, (which oaths, as alfo the oaths to fuch perfon orperfons as (hall be called upon to give evidence to any or either of the faid courts, the faid courts are hereby refpedlively impowered and required to adminifter,) (hall inquire and try, and determine by their verdidt, whether the premifes in every or any of the cafes afore-faid ought to be rebuilt or not; and if the fame ought to be rebuilt,* to award and determine the fcite of a perpendicular party wall or party walls of fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings, fo intended to be rebuilt, as near to the old foundation as may be, and to afcertain the quantity of the foil or ground, (if any] neceflary to be laid to or taken from the houfe of the perfon cr perfons dcfirous to rebuild, permitting fuch perfon or perfons to eredt a perpendicular party wall or. party walls upon or as near as may be to fuch old foundation or foundations, as aforefaki; • and to fix, afcertain, and award what (if any) compenlation or "	recompence	(hould	be made, given, and paid by any or either

of the faid parties in difference to the other or others of them in lieu of the leflening either of the faid houfes, or other build-Court to give ings, by fuch perpendicular party wall or party walls; and the corffn^to^" court maXor aldermen, and the faid feffions refpec-g - tively (hall give judgement according to fuch verdidt, as well for the fcite of fuch intended party wall or walls, as alfo for fuch fum or fums of money (if any) to to be affeffed by the faid jury; and (hall and may (if they (haQ fee fit) award to either of the parties fuch cods as they (hall deem juft and reafonable; which verdidt or verSidh, and the judgement, order, or determination thereupon, (hall be binding and condufive to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, againft all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, claiming any eftate, right, title, truft, ufe, or intereft in, to, or out of the (aid premifes, or any part thereof, either in poffeflion, reverfion, remainder, or ex-pedlancy, as alfo againft the King's mod excellent majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and againft infants and iffue unborn, luna-ticks, idiots; and femes ‘Covert, and perfons under any other

legal

fuch verditt,

and judge, ment to be binding.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73. '	229

legal incapacity or dilability* and all truftees and £eftuique trufta, his, her, and their fucceffors, heirs, executors, and adminiftra-tors, and againft all other perfons whomfoever: and all and Judgements, every the faid verdidts, judgements, orders, and determinations, fcc.beentered and all other proceedings of the faid court of mayor and alder- ?•of rccor * men, and court of feffions, fo to be made, given, and pronounced as aforefaid, (hall be by the town clerk of the<ycity of London, or by the clerk of the peace, (as the cafe (hall be,) entered and hied, as of record of the f?id court where fuch pro-, . — 1 ceedings (hall have been had ; for the entry and filing whereof,	•

and for every order of court, and copy thereof, the faid town clerk, or clerk of the peace, (hall be paid after the (ate of twelve-pence for every one hundred words, and no more; and each of them, the faid town clerk, and clerk of the peace refpedively, is hereby impowered and required to piake and deliver to any pcrfon or perfons requiring the lame, an exemplification* under his hand and leal, of every or any fuch verdidt, judgement, order, and determination, being paid for the fame after the rate of twelve-pence for every one hundred words; and every fuch exemplification (hall ana may be taken and read as evidence in all courts of law and equity whatever: and from and after the obtaining fuch judgement, and payment, or tender, in manner herein-after diredted, of the fum or fums of money (if any) thereby aflefled or awarded, or where no fum of money lhall be fo afleffcd or awarded, from and after the obtaining fuch judge- • ment, the perfon or perifo.ns who (hall have applied for and obtained fucb judgement, his, her, or their heirs, executors, or ad-miniftrators, fervants or workmen, (hall and may pull down his. After judge-her, or their own houfe or other building, and rebuild the fame ment and pay-with a perpendicular party wall or party walls, on the (cite of money fif°f fuch ground, as (hall be afcertained for that purpofe by fuch any) ^ty judgement j and to that end (hall and may, in the prefence of a applying may conllable or head borough, or other officer of the peace, after pull down his the end of fourteen days after fuch judgement, order, or deter- ^uddVhe mination (hall have been obtained, enter upon the fcite.of the fame with a ground fo afcertained for a party wall or walls, and into the perpendicular houfe or other building (if any be) adjoining to the houfe orP«ty.wa!l; party wall intended to be rebuilt, at any time between the hours	a

of fix in the morning and fix in the afternoon, (Sundays except- conllable, ed y) and if the outer door of fuch houfe or other building (hal! may enter the be (huj, and the occupier, or any other perfon therein, (hall adjoining refufe to open the fame, being thereunto required; or if foch	re-

houfe or other building (hall be empty and unoccupied, lhall mov^o^" and may break open fuch outer door, and remove, to fome 0r furniture* other part of the fame premifes, any go?d$, furniture, (helves, or other matter or thing* which (hall obftrudt the building of fuch intended perpendicular party wall or walls, or the pulling down any wall, partition, or other thing neceffary to be pulled down and removed, in order to the building fuch intended party wall or walls ; and from and after fuch entry as aforefaid, and at all ufual times of working, it (hall and may be lawful to

<^3	and

If any perfon binder the workmen, to forfeit 4pi.

Seffioai for Surrey to bt held at Saint Margaret's

Court n**y fine the'(he-.jiff or hi» deputy malting default. -

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.73.	(1772.

and for the builder or builders employed to ereft fuch intended party wall or walls, and bis and tbeir fervants, and all others employed by him or them, to enter into and upon the premife, ana abide therein the ufual times of working, for the (horingvp the faid houfe, or other building, fo broke into or entered upon, and for taking down and removing any party wall or walls, partition, wainfcot, or other thing neceflary to be taken down ad moved for the purpofe aforefaid, and to build fuch intended perpendicular party wall or walls: and if any fuch owner or occupier, or ether perfon or perfons, (hall in any manner hinds, obftrudt, or impede any workman or workmen employed fa any of the purpofes aforefaid, or (hall wilfully damage or injure the faid works, every fuch owner or occupier, or other pefo fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fan of ten pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, as herein is after mentioned.

XV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That upon every application to the general quarter-feffions of the peace for the faid county of Surry, for ex concerning any matter to be by fuch quarter-feffions ordered, directed, dr done by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, the jury (if any) to be impanelled, and all parties required to attend the quarter-feffions for the faid county, fhall be impanelled, direded, and required to attend, at fome general or fpecial adjournment of the faid quarter-feffions, within fix weeks next after fuch application j which faid adjournments fhall be to the court houfe of the town and borough of Southward in the faid county, fituate and being at Saint Margaret*s Hill, within the faid town and borough, or in fome convenient pari thereof, or in fbme other place near, or thereunto adjoining, to be appointed by the

{"uftices in the faid feffions, fo as not to impede or interrupt the >ufinefs at any time hereafter to be done by or before his Ma-jefty's juftices of affize, juftices of Oyer and Terminer, juftices of gaol delivery, or juftices of the peace or the county lccts, or courts of fewers for the city of London, or liberties thereof, and Ivhicb have been ufually done, held, or kept in ttye faid court houfe; and that, from time to time, every further meeting of the faid feffions for any thing to be done upon fuch application, (hall be appoipted at or within the fpace of three week; which adjournment and adjournments the juftices of the peace for the faid county of Surrey, and every of them, are hereby impowered* and required to make and hold, from time to time, as there (hall be occafioh \ any law or ufage to the contrary no!-withftanding,

' XVI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid court of mayor and aldermen, and to and for any or either of the aforefaid courts of feffions, (as the cafe fhall be,) and they are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, to impofeanyrei* fonable fine or fines on fuch (heriff or (heriffs, qr their or hit deputies or deputy\ or tiny of them, making default in the pre-V *'	•	•	'	<	1	'	'	paifej

k772-] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.73. cnifes ; and on any of the perfons who (hall be fummoned and returned on fuch jury, and (hall not appear at the time and place n fuch fummons fpecified, or appearing, (hall refute to be fworn on fuch jury, or to give his or their verdi<ft, or in any manner wilfully negle&ing his or their duty, therein contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a& j and on any of the perfons having notice to attend to give evidence touching the premifes, who (hall not attend or attending, (hall refute to be examined or give evidence; and, from time to time, in default of payment thereof on demand, to levy fuch fine or fines in fuch manner as the before-mentioned penalty of fifty pounds is herein-before directed to be recovered and levied, fo that no fine (hall exceed the fum of ten pounds upon any one perfon for any one offence; and fuch fine or fines, when to received, or levied and recovered, (hall be applied to and for the ufe of the perfon or perfons fo applying to the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or to the faid courts of fefiions, (as the cafe (hall be,) and to and for no other ufe or purpofe whatever.

XVII. And whereas it may happen that party Proprietors built within the limits aforefaid, may be fofar out of repair as. to ren- Pollin8 d°wa der it nettjfary to pull down and rebuild the when both the ad- "notice joining boufes, or other buildings, may not require to be rebuilt; be it in the follow* ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the (aid ing form * twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and leventy-two, all and every the owner or proprietor of any houle or building within the limits aforefaid, who (hall think it ne-cefiary to pull down any partition or party wall between any fuch houfe and the next adjoining houle, (hall (in cafe the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of fuch adjoining houfe will not, or by difability cannot, agree touching the pulling down or rebuilding fuch party wall) give three months notice to the owner or occupier of fufeh adjoining houfe, of fuch his, her, or their intention to pull down fuch partition or party wall} which notice (hall be in the form, or to the effe& fol* lowing:

Apprehending the party wall between your	The form*

inhabited by

and my houfe adjoining thereto, to be fo far out of repair as to render it nettjfary to pull down and rebuild the fame, take notite. That 1 intend to have the faid party wall	agreeable	to

an ait of parliament mode in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Third, and have appointed

of	and

of	my furveyors, to meet at

id	on	my	behalf,

on the	day	»fxt,at	efthe

tlttk, in the	of	the	fame	day ;

and I do hereby require, and call upon you, to appoint two other fur* veyors,or able workmen, on your part, to meet them at time and place aforefaid,, to view the faid party well, 4nd certify the Rate and

con-

t$x	Anno	duodecimo Georgii III. C.73J	[1772.

rendition thereof and whether the fame eught to he pulled down and rebuilt. dated tbit	day ef

Surveyors to And every fuch owner and occupier (hall appoint two furveyors, be appointed or able workmen, to meet at the time and place in fuch notice to view party ^ fa mentioned j and they, together with the two furveyors or waiii,	able workmen, to be named by the party giving fuch notice, and

9	whofe names (hall be exprefled in fuch notice, may view fuch party wall, and certify the ftate and condition thereof, and whether the fame ought to be pulled down and rebuilt; and fuch furveyors, fo to be named as aforefaid, or in cafe the owner or occupier of fuch adjoining houfe or building, having notice as aforefaid, (haU refufe or ncgledt to name fuch two furveyors or able workmen, according to fuch notice, then the two furveyors or workmen, named in fuch notice, together with two other furveyors or able workmen alfo to be named by the parry giving fuch notice as aforefaid, (hall and may, within fix days after their appointment, v ew the partition or party wall intended to be pulled down ; and (ball certify in writing under their handvt to the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or to the faid juftices of the peace, in their next general or quarter fefiions of the peace refpedtively, 7as the cafe may be,) the ftate and condition of fuch party wall, and whether the fame ought to be pulled down Surveyors and rebuilt: and in cafe the major part of the furveyors or work-negleftmg to mcn appointed in manner by this a<ft preferibed, to view fuch t&cate forr" Petition or party wall fa intended to be pulled down, (hall not, one month, within the fpaCe of one month next after fuch appointment, fign Juftices may fuch certificate in writing$ thens and in every fuch cafe, it (hall appoint ano- amj may fa lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty’s lurveyor. ju<\jCCs 0f the peace for the faid city of London, or county of ATuldlefex or Surrey, or city and liberty of lVcflminJler% or liberty of his Majesty’s Tower of London, fas the cafe (hall be,) and fuch one or more juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorifed and required, upon,application made to him or them for that pur-pofef by the party giving fuch notice as aforefaid, to name and appoint one other able furveyor or workman to be added to the furveyors or workmen appointed by virtue and in purfuance of this a&; and all the faid furveyors or workmen, fo appointed, or the major part of them who (hall meet for that purpofe, (fix days notice having been given to, or left at the dwelling-houfe of each and every of them, of fuch intended meeting,) (hall view the partition or party wall fo propofed to be pulled Major part of down ; and in cafe the major part of fuch furveyors or work-faid furveyors men? to be appointed in manner aforefaid, (hall certify in writ-waUs to fie™ un<^er 'heir hands, that fuch wall is decayed and ruinous, ruinous, copy or not fufficiently fecure againft fire, if any (hould happen, of certificate and that the fame ought to be pulled down, then, within three to be delivered days next after fuch certificate made by fuch major part of the j£c°withiit	furveyors or workmen as aforefaid, a copy thereof (hall be

threedaysl delivered to the owner or occupier of, or left at fuch next adjoining hou($£ and fuch laft-mentioned owner or occupier (hall ^	.•	and

177*•]	Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C.73;	*33

and may (if he, (he, or they (hall fo think fit) appeal from, or Owner*, &c. againft fuch certificate, to the next general or quarter-feflions to general l° be holdeu for the city, county, or place, (as the cafe may be,) qUar*er-fef-and the juftices*at the laid general or quarter-feflions to which Sons, fuch appeals (hall be made, lhall fummon before them one or more of fuch furyeyors or workmen, and fuch other perfon or pcrfons as they (hall think fit, and (hall examine the matter up* on oath, which oath or oaths they are hereby impowered to ad-minifter; and upon fuch examination or examinations, the faid juftices are hereby authorifed and required to make fuch order or orders in the premifes as they in their difcrctions (hall think to be juft and reafonable; and the determination of the faid whofe deter* juftices (hall be final and conclufive to all parties, without any appeal from the fame: and for negled or default of appealing, or if on appeal there (hall be no order to the contrary; then, and in every or any fuch cafe, and not otherwife, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the party intending to pull down and rebuild fuch party wall as aforefaid, to caufe fuch partition or party wall to be pulled down, and to have and cxercife the like power of entry into, or upon the adjoining houfe or houfes, and of remov-ing wainfcot, (helves, furniture, and other things, and of (boring up the faid adjoining houfe or houfes, as is.given or allowed to the owners or proprietors of intermixed houfes or buildings in and by this prefent a#, and (hall and may ered and build a new.perpendicular party wall or walls of fuch materials, and of fuch thicknefs and height, and in fuch manne/, and fubjed to fuch reftridions and diredions, as are in and by this ad prefer! bed and direded.

X VIII. And whereas feueral cii beufes within the limits aforefaid ^ partitions have<> intlead of one party wall, one timber partition, or two old tim-	be

her walls or partitions, one belonging to each houfe: and whereas dif pulled down putes may arife, tombing the pulling down fuch walls or partitions, by the owner and the building party walls, agreeable to the rules and directions here- or in contained, in the place and ftead of fuch partition or wall, when-ever it may be expedient to rebuild any fuch houfe or building; be it ]ntw pfrt y enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if the owner or builder walls built in of any houfe or building, to which any fuch partition or old tim- tbcbr ber wall or walls (hall belong, (hall be defirous of pulling down and rebuilding fuch houfe or building, and of fuch his defire (hall give three months notice to the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the next adjoining houfe or building, in the form or to the efted following:

IN three months from the date hereof\ tale notice, that I intend to Form of no-pull down the timber partition or partitions, or timber wall, be-tice* tween your houfe, occupied by	fetuate	in

and my houfe	adjoining thereto, and in the

jlcad thereof to build a brick perpendicular party wall, agreeable to an aCt of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Tl:ird. Dated this	day	of

Then

Anno duodecimo GeoRgii III. c. 73.	[1772;

Then and in that cafe, from and after the expiration of the three months, to be exprefled in fuch notice, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the owner or builder of fuch houle or building fo to be rebuilt, to pull down the (aid partition o^partitions, and to have and exercife the like power of entry into and upon the faid adjoining houfe or building, and of removing wainfcot, (helves, furniture, and other things, and of (horing up the faid adjoining houfe or building, as is given and allowed to. the firft builder in any other cafe in and by this prefent aft, and (hall and may, in the place and dead of fuch partition or partitions, wall or walls, build new perpendicular party wall or walls of fuch materials, of. fuch thicknefs and height, and in fuch manner, and fubjelk to fuch reftridtions and directions, as are here* in-before mentioned.

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That one moiety of the expence of all party wall or walls, flank, or end wall or walls, to be built by any perion or perfons whom-foever, in manner in and by this aCt directed, (hall be paid and reimburfed to the perfon or perfons at whofe charge the fame was or were built and ere&ed, by fuch perfon or perfons, and at fuch times, and in fuch manner, as hercin-after is mentioned ; and, in the mean time, and until the fame (hall be fo paid* for, the foie property of fuch party, flank, or (ide wall or walls* and of the feite or ground whereon' every or any fuch wall or walls doth or do (land, (hall be vetted and be folely in the.per-fon or perfons at whofe expence the fame was or were buik ; that is to fay, as to, for, and in refpeCt of all and every fuch flank •r (ide wall of any houfe or building, whereunto, at the dim of building thereof, no other houfe or building was adjoining; and all and every the perfon or perfons who (hall then after build any houfe or building adjoining thereto, and (hall make ufe of the wall or walls, in the manner, and for any of the purpofes herein-before mentioned, his, her, or their executors, adminittrators, or afiigns, (hall be liable to pay, or (hall be charged with one moiety of the expence of the faid wall or Walls, to be reimburfed as aforefaid to the perfon or perfons who (hall then have the property of fuch wall or walls, as foon as fuch wall or walls (hall have been firtt cut into, or made ufe of as aforefaid; and as to, for, and in refped of, all or any fuch party wall as hath been, or (hall be built a* gainft, or adjoining to any other houfe or building, the owner or proprietor of fuch houle or building next adjoining thereto, his or her executors, adminittrators, and ailigns, (hall be liable to pay, and (hall be charged with one moiety of the expence thereof, to be ettimated after the rate of feven pounds per rod, to be paid to the perfon or perfons at whofe expence the fame (hall have been built, bis, her, or their executors or adminiftra-tors, together with all the charges and expences of (horing the faid adjoining houfe or other building, and the removing any goods, furniture, or other things, and the pulling down any partition , wainfcot, or other thing, in order to the pulling down

*35

1772.] Anno duodecimo GeoRgii IIL c. 73.

and removing any party wall or walls, or partition wall or walls, and other the contingent expences in any of the cafes aforefaid actually incurred; and alfo all fuch cods (if any) as (hall have been awarded by any fuch judgement of the court of mayor and aldermen, or court of feffions, as aforeiaid, when, ana as foon as the fame party wall (hall be built; and within ten days after fuch party wall (hall be fo built, fuch firft builder or builders lhall, in writing, leave at fuch next boufe or building a true account of the number of rods in fuch party wall; and one moiety of the expence thereof (hall be paid by the owner or owners of fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings, who are intitled to the improved rent; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch tenant or occupier to pay fuch firft builder or builders for thb fame, and alfo for the (horing and fupporting the houfe as aforefaid, afcer he or they (hall have built fuch party wall, and to deduct the fame out of the next rent which (hall become due froni him or her to fuch owner or owners, under whom he or (he holds or enjoys the fame refpedtively; and in cafe the fame (hall not be paid within twenty-one days next after demand thereof, then the fame (hall and may be recovered, together with full colls of fuit, of and from the owner or owners, by a&ion of debt, or on the cafe, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weft-minjler, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs who (hall commence any fuch aCtion (hall, three calendar months at the lead before the commencement thereof, give notice in writing to the perfon of perfons againft whom fuch aClion is intended to be brought of his, her, or their intention to bring the fame, or leave the lame at his, her, or their tall or ufual place of abode, and in fuch notice fpecify the fum for which it is to be brought, and (hall alfo ahnex to fuch notice a bill of the juft and true particulars of the expences and charges with which the intended defendant or defendants is or are to be charged; then, and in that cafe, fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, if he, (he, or they ihall recover the full fum to be fpecified in fuch notice, (hall alio recover and be intitled to double cods of fuit, and (hall have and be intitled to the fame, or like remedies for recovery thereof, as pre ufually given for common cods in other cafes of cods at law,

XX.	And whereas houfes and tenements within the limits afore-	an7

jaid are often, either from litigated titles thereto, or the ob/linacy, neg- jJJcnt {halTbe* left, or poverty of the owners or proprietors thereof, or of parties in- presented at terejied therein, in fo ruinous a condition that pajjengers pafjing there- in a ruinous by are in danger of their lives or limbs from the falling thereof, or of&M • £ faffi-hricks or timber therefrom; be it therefore ena&ed by the autho- ^ put up be° rity aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of for£ the Tame 'June, one'thQqfand feven hundred and feventy-two, if any pre- &c.	*

ferment (hall be made by any inqued or grand jury in London, or by any annoyance jury withip the city and liberty of Wejl-minjler, or by the jury fworn at the court leet, held by the (heriff |n his turn for any hundred or place, or by any other jury or in-qtieft, fworn within any other part of the limits aforefaid, that "	2	any

*34

Expence of party walla bow to be recovered.

/

Anno duodecimo Georgii 111. c. 73.	[1772.

Then and in that cafe, from and after the expiration of the three months, to be exprefled in fuch notice, it {hall and may be lawful to and for the owner or builder of fuch houfe or building fo to be rebuilt, to pull down the (aid partition of partitions, and to have and exercife the like power of entry into and upon the faid adjoining houfe or building, and of removing wainfcot, (helves, furniture, and other things, and of (boring up the hid adjoining houfe or building, as is given and allowed to the firt builder in any other cafe in and by this prefent aCt, and (ha2 and may, in the place and (lead of fuch partition or partitions, wall or walls, build new perpendicular party wall or walls of fuch materials, of fuch thicknefs and height, and in fuch manner, and fubjeCt to fuch reftriCtions and directions, as are hot-in-before mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enaCted by the authority afbrefaid. That one moiety of the expence of all party wall or walls, flank, or end wall or walls, to be built by any person or perfonswhom-foever, in manner in and by this aCt directed, (hall be paid and reimburfed to the perfon or perfons at whole charge the (amc was or were built and ereCted, by fuch perfon or perfons, and at fuch times, and in fuch manner, as hercin-after is mentioned; and, in the mean time, and until the fame (hall be fo paid* for, the foie property of fuch party, flank, or (ide wall or walls, and of the feite or ground whereon* every or any fuch wall or walls doth or do (land, (hall be vetted and be folely in theper-fon or perfons at whofe expence the fame was or were buik; that is to fay, as to, for, and in refpeCt of all and every fuch flank •r (ide wall of any houfe or building, whereunto, at the time of building thereof, no other houfe or building was adjoining; and all and every the perfon or perfons who (hall then after build any houfe or building adjoining thereto, and (hall make ufc of the wall or walls, in the manner, and for any of the purpofes herein-before mentioned, his, her, or their executory adminiltrators, or afligns, (hall be liable to pay, or (hall be charged with one moiety of the expence of the faid wall oc walls, to be reimburfed as aforefaid to the perfon or perfons who (hall then have the property of fuch wall or walls, as foon as fuch wall or walls (hall have been firft cut into, or made ufe of as aforefaid; and as to, for, and in refped of, all or any fuch party wall as hath been, or (hall be built a-gainft, or adjoining to any other houfe or building, the owner or proprietor of fuch houle or building next adjoining thereto, his or her executors, adminiltrators, and alligns, (hall be liable to pay, and (hall be charged with one moiety of the expence I thereof, to be eftimated after the rate of feven pounds per rod, to be paid to the perfon or perfons at whofe expence the fame (hall have been built, his, her, or their executors or adminiftra-tors, together with all the charges and expences of (boring the 1 faid adjoining houfe or other building, and the removing any goods, furniture, or other things, and the pulling down any partition, wainfcot, or other thing, in order to the pulling down

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii IIL c. 73.

*35

and removing any party wall or walls, or partition wall or walls, and other the contingent expences in any of the cafes aforefaid actually incurred; and alfo all fuch cofts (it any) as (hall have been awarded by any fiich judgement of the court of mayor and aldermen, or court of feflions, as aforefaid, when, and as foon as the fame party wall (hall be built; and within ten days after fuch party wall (hall be fo built, fuch firft builder or builders fhall, in writing, leave at fuch next houfe or building a true account of the number of rods in fuch party wall; and one moiety of the expence thereof (hall be paid by the owner or owners of fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings, who are intitled to the improved rent; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch tenant or occupier to pay fuch firft builder or builders for this fame, and alfo for the fhoring and fupporting the houfe as aforefaid, after he or they (hall have built fuch party wall, and to deduct the fame out of the next rent which (hall become due from him or her to fuch owner or owners, under whom he or (he holds or enjoys the fame refpcftively; and in cafe the fame (hall not be paid within twenty-one days next after demand thereof, then the fame (hall and may be recovered, together with full cofts of fuit, of and from the owner or owners, by a&ion of debt, or on the cafe, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejl-7ninjler> wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more rhan one imparlance, (hall be allowed: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs who (hall commence any fuch aCtion (hall, three calendar months at the leaft before the commencement thereof, give notice in writing to the perfon or perfons againft whom fuch aCtion is intended to be brought of his, her, or their intention to bring the fame, or leave the fame at his, her, or their laft or ufual place of abode, and in fuch notice fpecify the fum for which it is to be brought, and (hall alfo ahnex to fuch notice a bill of the juft and true particulars of the expences and charges with which the intended defendant or defendants is or are to be charged; then, and in that cafe, fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, if he, (he, or they fhall recover the full fum to be fpecified in fuch notice, (hall alio recover and be intitled to double cofts of fuit, and (hall have and be intitled to the fame, or like remedies for recovery thereof, as are ufually given for common cofts in other cafes of cofts at law.

XX.	And whereas houfes and tenements within the limits afore-	anjr

/aid are often, either from litigated titles theretoz or the obftinacy, neg- ^ent fealTbe* lefty or poverty of the owners or proprietors thereof \ or of parties in- prefented as terejled therein, in fo ruinous a condition that pajjengers paffing there- in a ruinous by are in danger of their lives or limbs from the falling thereof or te, a fuffi-bricis ot timber therefrom; be it therefore enabled by the autho-rity aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of fore the fame. June, one thQufand feven hundred and feventy-two, if any pre- &c. leiltment (hall be made by any inqueft or grand jury in London, or by any annoyance jury within the city and liberty of Weft-minjler, or by the jury fworn at the court leet, held by the (heriff jnhis turn for any hundred or place, or by any other jury or in- , fwbrii within any other part of the limits aforefaid, that

2

any

2 $6	Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.j$.	[1771,

any houfe or tenement within the fame limits, or any part thereof, is or are in a. ruinous condition, it (hall be lawful for the Court of mayor and aldermen, in refpeft of any fuch houfe or tenement within the faid city of London, and the liberties there-of,‘ or for the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor for the time being of fuch pari(h, precindl;, or place, in which fuch hoot or tenement (hall be, (not being in the city of London, or the liberties thereof,) and the faid court, and every fuch churchwir* dens and overfeers of the poor, is and are hereby required, on notice of any fuch prefentment being made, and on a copy thereof being laid before them or him refpeftively, to caufe, with all convenient fpeed then afterwards a proper and fufficient hoard to be put up for the fafety of all paflengers paffing thereby, and to caufe notice in writing to be given to the owner or owners,

'	or other perfon or perfons interefted therein, if he, (he, or they,

can be found; and if not, to caufe fuch notice in writing to be left at the premifes fo presented to be in fuch ruinous condition, to be affixed to, or upon the door or other notorious part of fuch houfe or tenement, to repair the fame, or to take down fuch building, as the cafe (hall require, within the fpace of fourteen If owners days then next enfuing: and if fuch owner or owners, or other ncglett to take perfon or perfons interefted in any fuch houfe or tenement, (hall

hbufca^rter* n0t rcPa*r ot ta^c down* the ^ame within the faid fpace of four-ou est a ter teen <]ayS after any fuch notice as aforefaid (hall be given, left,

or affixed, as aforefaid; theo, oath being made before the hid mayor, or a juftice of the peace for the faid city of Lonicn or county of Middlcfex or Surrey, or city and liberty of or liberty of his Majesty’s Tower of London^ as the cafe (hall be, haveTheVame (w^,c^ oat^ every of them the faid mayor and juftice is hereby taken down, impowered and required to adminifter,) of fuch notice having been fo given, left, or affixed as aforefaid, the faid court of mayor and aldermen, by and out of the ca(h in the chamber of Lx* dony and alfo every fuch churchwarden and overfeer of the poor, by and out of any monies in his hands, is hereby authorifed and required, with all convenient fpeed then afterwards, to order and caufe fuch houfe or tenement fo prefented to be in a ruinous condition, cr fo much thereof as the faid court, or the faid churchwardens or overfeers of the poor, (hall find neceflary for the fafety of paflengers, to be taken down and fecured in fuch manner as fhall from time to time be thought requifite; and to fell and the m-iteiiaisj difpofe of fuch of the materials as the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or the faid churchwardens or overfeers of the poor, and out of the (hall judge neceflary or expedient, and by and out of the mo-money arifing njes to arife by the fale thereof, to reimburfe, repay, and fatisfjf

t^oveneers^ t^em^e^ves* anc^ ^ and every perfon and perfons by them re« arc K fpcdlively employed for the purpofA aforefaid, all the charges of tnemfelve$*for putting up every luch hoard, and of taking down and fccurinj their trouble. all 0r any part of every fuch houfe or tenement to be taken down.

or made fecure for the fafety of paflengers as aforefaid, and (X the* fale of materials as aforefaid, or fo much thereof as the mo-to aiiie by fuch fale will extend to pay, and (hall accojt

notice.

The mayor, &c. may iflue warrant to overfeers of

or fecured j

and may (ell

I772*] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.73;	^9

than as aforefaid ; every fueh forfeiture to be recovered and applied in fuch manner as the feveral forfeitures and penalties of ten pounds are hereinbefore directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

XXIII. And whereas the diflllling of turpentine, and the draw- For prevent-ing off the oil of turpentine and roftn by dijiilling of turpentine, and ing the diftill-the boiling of the faid oil and turpentine togethery for making off var-

ni/by within the limits aforefaid, may prove of dangerous confequente gJuons a^one to the neighbourhood where every fuch practice /hall be ufed: for pre- time, under venting thereof for the future, be it enadled by the authority 100 L penalty* aforefaid, That from and after the laid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons to diftil or boil any turpentine, or to draw any oil of turpentine and rofin by diftilling of turpentine, or to boil any oil and turpentine together, above the quantity of ten gallons at one time of all or any the faid commodities within the limits aforefaid, in any workhoufe or place contiguous to any other building, or in any place nearer to any other building than the diftance of fifty feet at the lead, upon pain that every perfon offending therein (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds; every of which forfeitures (hall and may be recovered, with treble cofts of fuir, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfiery wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; one moiety whereof (hall be to the ufe of the poor of the pari(h, precindt, or place wherein the offence was committed, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfona as (hall inform or fue for the fame. *

XXIV.	Provided always, That nothing in this a St contained Shipwrights, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent (hipwrights, &c. not to be barge-builders, boat-builders, or matt-makers, or other perfons ^eluded* employed in building or repairing (hips, barges, boats, or other

▼eflels, near the river Thames, from boiling or mixing oil and other materials for the purpofe of paying mips, barges, boats, pr marts.

XXV.	And whereas the having a fufficient number of fire engines Fire engines kept in known publiek places, and at convenient dijlances from each 0- to be kept in tber, and ready to be brought forth as occafton may require, and the PttbBc P,acei# /applying fuch engines with plenty of water, and the giving encouragement to engineers and others to bring forth, «/r, and work fuch engines, may tend greatly to le/fen the mfehiefs happening by fire ; be it

enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June^ one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens of each and every pari(h, and to and for the overfeert of the poor of every precindt and place not having any churchwarden within the limits aforefaid, and they are hereby refpcc-tively required, from time to time, for ever, to make, place, and fix, at the charge of fuch refpedtive pari(h, precindt, or place, upon the mains and pipes bclpnging to any water-work

what-

a+o.	Ahno	duodecimo	Georgii	III.	c.73.	[1772:

* whatfopver within the limits stforefaid, fuch and fo many (lop* blocks of wood, with a wood plug, or fuch and fo many firecocks to go into each main or pipe, and jo be placed at tuch didances in each and every ftreet or place where fuch church* wardens or overfeers of the poor refpedively for the time being lhall direct j and that the top of every fuch (top-block or taro-cock (hall be even with .the pavement of each ftreet or place, to the intent fuch plugs or fire-cocks may, upon occafion of any fire, be opened to let out the water without lofs of time in digging down to the pipes: and that ail and every or any fud Church war* churchwardens or overfeers of the poor refpedively (hall hare dens to fix ' power, and are hereby required from time to time, to fix any in^near theN mar^ or wr*tmg on the front of any houfe or houfes over a* place where gainft or neareft to the place where fuch ftop block, plug, or fire cocks lie. fire-cock, doth or (hall lie, or is or (hall be placed, for the bet-Aninftrument ter making known where fuch ftop-blocks, plugs, or fire cocks ktvt* t0 bC ^ 5 and (hall alfo keep an inftrument or key in every fuch houfe, ** *• where every fuch mark (hall be, to open the ftop block, plug, or fire-cock; and (hall keep in fuch houfe a pipe for the water to come thereout, to be made ufe of as occafion lhall require; and all-and every fuch ftop-blocks and fire-cocks to be kept in . repair at the charge of each parifh, precindt, or place where the fame (hall be placed, and fuch plugs to be kept in repair by the owners of the mains and pipes where the fame (hall be fixed : and whenever the owners of any waterTworks (hall afterwards remove, change, or alter the faid mains or pipes; then, and in every fuch cafe, the owner or owners of every fuch main or pipe (hall, at his or their own proper cofts and charges, place and fix the fame, or the like ftop-blocks, plugs, and fire-cocks, upon every fuch new main or pipe, to be placed where the churchwardens of the parifh, or overfeers of the precindor place, not having a church-warden for the time being, (hall di-redI and appoint; and in every fuch cafe the inftruoaent or key and pipe (hall be removed to the houfe opfSofite or neareft to the place to which fuch (top-block, plug, and fire-cock (hall be removed, and every fuch churchwarden or overfeer refpcfiive-ly (hall caufe a like mark or writing to be fixed againft every fuch houfe.

Engines to be XXVI. And be it further enadied by the authority aforelaid, kept by every That each and every parifti within the limits aforefaid (hail, from panda. time to time, and at all times hereafter, have and keep in good order and repair, in fome known and publick place within each parifti, a large engine, and alfo an hand engine, to throw up water for the extingui(htng of fires j and alfo mall provide, keep, and maintain .one leather pipe at leaft, with a focket of the fame iize as the plug or firS-cock, and a ftand-cock and fusion-pipe, to the intent the focket may be put into the pipe, to convey the water clean, and without lofs or help of buckets, into the eo-Church war- gine: and in default of making, placing, fixing, atid continuing de?S J° Pay fuch ftop-blocks or fire-cocks, on the feveral mains and pipes, fauit i°r dC as a^° *n default of haring and keeping in good repair fuch large -	engine,

!77*-l Anno duodecimo Georgii til. C. 73.	24J

ngine, hand engine, and leather pipe or pipes, focket, and band-cock and fuction-pipe, every churchwarden of fuch parifh,. nd every overfeer of any fuch precindt or place not having a hurchwarden, making default in the premifes, and being con-idted thereof before two of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace Dr the faid city of London, or for the county of Middlejex or 'urrey9 or liberty where the fame may happen, (as the cafe (hall >e), (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; one moiety lereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to fome ther proper officer, not fo convidted, of the parifh, precindt, or lace where fuch default (hall be made, for the ufe of the poor f fuch parifh, precindt, or place, in aid of the rates for relief f the poor, and to be accounted for with, and as part of fuch to ^ |cv^^ ates; to be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of the goods by diftrefs. nd chattels of fuch churchwarden and overfeers refpedtiveiy.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Turncock t» That the turncock belonging to the water-work, whofe water have ios. hall be found on, or lhall firll come into the main or pipe where ^ater ny plug lhall be opened, at any fire within the limits aforefaid,

hall be paid ten (hillings by the churchwarden or overfeer of the at a firt. loor of every fuch refpedtive parifh, precindt, or place where r uch fire may happen; and that the engine-keeper which firft Firft engineerings a parifh engine, or other large engine, to help to extin- keeper 301. ;uifh any fire happening within the limits aforefaid, if in good ►rder and complete, with a focket, hofe, feather pipe, ftand-ock, and fudtion- pipe, lhall be paid thirty Ihillings; the keep-r df the fecond parifh engine, or other large engine, which (hall Second en-\c next brought in fuch order, and fo complete, to help to ex- gine-keeper inguifh any Fuch fire, fhall be paid twenty (hillings; and the401*

:eeper of any parifh engine, or other large engine, which fhall

>e the third of fuch engines brought in fuch order, and fo com- and the third

>lete, to any fuch fire, fhall be paid ten (hillings; every fuch ,n£

►ayment to be made by the churchwardens of each parifh, or by COvered by dil

he overfeers of the poor of every fuch precindt or place, not hav- ftrcfc and laie.

ng any churchwarden (as the cafe fhall be) where any fuch fire

hall happen: and in default of payment thereof, fuch reward

(hall be levied and recovered from the faid churchwardens and

>verfeers refpedtiveiy* by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chat-

els of every fuch churchwarden and overfeer, in the fame or

ilce manner as the penalty or forfeiture of ten pounds is herein

aefore diredted to be levied and recovered.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted No reward to

>y the authority aforefaid, That ho fuch reward fhall be paid to be paid to any iny turncock or engine-keeper by the churchwarden of any pa- turncock or ifh, or overfeer of the poor of any precindt or place aforefaid,	the**

vhcre any fire lhall happen, without the approbation and direc- approbation ion of the alderman of the ward, wherein fuch parifh, precindt, of an alder->r place is fituate, or his deputy, of two of the common coun- mani&* oilmen of the fame ward for the time being, if fuch fire (half hap-

>en within the city of London 01; the liberties thereof, or without he approbation and confent of one or more juftice or juftices of Vo 1. XXIX,	R	the

%\z	Aono	duodecimo	Geo&GH III. c. 73.	[1772.

the peace, in and for the faid county of ATidilefex% or county of Surrey, or liberty where the fame may happen (as the cafe Oiall be), refiding within fuch parifh, precindt, or place where fuch fire (hall happen; and if there (hall not be any juftice or juftices of the peace refiding in fuch parifh, precindt, or place, then ot fuch juftice or juftices of the peace refiding in the parifh or place near or next adjoining.

Afar June 14,	XXIX. And whereas many of the parijbes within the Emits aferh

177*, reward* Jaid have been frequently put to confiderabU expenses t occasioned by At payable for negltft of the inhabitants, as well lodgers and inmates, as hemjeletf-neVto be /rJ» *H not tauftng their cbimnies to be duly fwept* by means wheraf frayed by in- alarms af fire are frequently made, to the great terror and danger if habitants and his Majefifs fubjefls, which might and oughts and probably wood occupiers. fo prevented if Juch inhabitants were obliged to defray and bear the charges and expenses attending fuch their negle&sy or feme rea/enabie part thereof: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day ot fune, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, in all cafes where any reward or rewards, or other recompence by this a& made payable, (hall be borne and paid by any churchwarden or overfeer of the poor, for or on account of any fire being in a chimney only, or firft beginning in, and occafioned by the taking fire of any chimney only, the inhabitant or inhabitants, occupier or occupiers, of any room or apartment to which any fuch chim- . ney (hall belong, being a lodger or inmate to or with any tenant, renter, or holder of any houfe or building of which fuch room or apartment (hall be part5 or if fuch chimney (hall not belong to any fuch lodger or inmate, then the tenant, renter, holder, or occupier of the houfe or building wherein any fuch fire as laft-mentioned (hall be, or (hall firft begin, (hall reimburse and repay to the churchwarden or overfeer of the poor all and every I . fuch reward and rewards, or other payments, which (hall have been by him or them made, purfuant to the dire&ions of this adt, or fuch part thereof as the mayor or other juftice of the peace of the city of London, or juftice of the peace for the liberty of his Majesty’s tower of London, or juftice of the peace for the county of Middlefex or county of Surrey, or for the city and liberty of IVeJlminjler, (as the cafe (hall be), upon the application and complaint of any fuch churchwarden or overfeer of the poor, and hearing the party or parties complained againft, (hall, under his hand and leal, think fit to award and dire&: and to the end the (aid mayor or other juftice aforefaid may be the better enabled to award and diredt what may in any fuch cafe be juft and reafonable, the faid mayor for the time being, and every fuch juftice (hall and may, and is hereby authorifcd and im powered to fummon and can before him, after any fuch complaint made, the party and parties complained againft, and all perfons fit and proper to give evidence touching the premifes, of yrhom he (hall have notice pr information; and to examine them and every of theiq upon oath, (which oath the faid mayor, and every fucb juftice* is hereby impowcrcfl apd required to admi-4	niftcr

243

177*0 Anno duodecimo GtoRGt III, C. 73.

nifter without fee or reward); and if the party or parties complained againft, being fummoned, fhall not appear, the faid mayor, and every fuch juftice of the peace, fhall and may pro* ceed to hear and examine the matter of the complaint, and fuch evidence as (hall be produced, and to make fuch award and direction thereupon as fhall be juft, and as if the party or parties making fuch default of appearance had been prefent, and heard in his, her, or their defence $ and if any fum or Turns of money fo awarded and dirc&ed to be reimburfed or repaid to any fuch churchwarden or overfeer of the poor, fhall not be fo reim-burfed or repaid within fourteen days after demand thereof made, it (hall and may be lawful to and for every or any fuch churchwarden or overfeer, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch mayor or other juftice, (which warrant the faid mayor and every fuch juftice is hereby authorised and impowered to make) to levy every fuch reward and rewards, or other recompence which fhall have been fo paid, or fuch part thereof as fhall have been fo awarded and directed, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the party or parties making default of payment, or of any of his, her, or their goods or chattels found in the room or apartment to which fuch chimney belongs where fuch fire was, or firft began, or in any other part of any houfe or building, whereof fuch room or apartment was or (hall be part; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwith-ftandme.

XX X. And forajmuch as feveral of the pari/hes within the city United pari A* of London were, after the great firef which happened in the year of deemed at our Lord Chrifl, one thoufandfix tondred andfixtyfix, united toge• onc P^1®* tber j be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That any two or more of the faid parifhes fo united are intended to be, and fhall, for the purpofes in this aft mentioned, be efteemed and taken as one parifh only,

XXXI.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is further enaCled, Veftries bar-

That in cafe the veftries of any of the faid united parifhes, or ofing more tlun any other parifh within the limits aforefaid, fhall at any time0!1* *ar^e”’ ♦conceive it neceiTary for the faid pariih, in refpeCt of the large-	fame*

nefs thereof, to have more than onc great engine or hand en- regulations as gine; it (hall and may be lawful for them to provide two or thofe provided more great engines or hand engines at the parifh charge, and by lhl1 a^* that the fame engines, and every of them, fhall be under the

like regulations and encouragements, as the other engine or engines directed to be provided by this aCt are under.

XXXII.	Andy in order to raife money to defray the necejfary ?\xt tViginef> charge< of providing and maintaining fitch engine ,/Jop- Hocks, ana fire- &c. to be pro-cocks, and keys, and other implements and materials, and payment of' ^td and the rewards or gratuities diretled by this aft, be it further enaCted

by the authority aforefaid. That the churchwardens, overfeers jat€f# p of the poor, and inhabitants, in veftry, or other pubiick meeting duly aflembled, of the feveral pari(hes, precinCts, and places within the limits aforefaid, (hall and may, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, (as often as there fhall be occa-

Jt 2	fion).

Watermen retained by inlbring offices to extinguish fires, not to be imprefted into the fea or land fcr-vice.

Money infur-td on houfet burnt down, bow to be ap-#itd.

Anno duodeciitio Georgii lit. c. 73/	[177I-

fion), by any rate or rates to be made for relief of the poor of every fuch parifh, precindt, and place refpedHvely, over and a-bove what they (hall judge competent and fufiicient for the relief and maintenance of fuch poor, or by any efpecial rate or rates to be made for the purpofes of this aft, to rate and affefs fuch competent fum and fum9 of money as {hall be needful and requisite for the ends aforefaid, in like manner as by law they may do for the maintenance and relief of the poor of their re-fpedtive parities, precindts, and places; which rates, being allowed and confirmed in the like manner as the rates made for the relief of the poor are or ought to be, (hall be collected and recovered, in the fame manner as the rates made for the relief of the poor by law now may or ought to be collected and recovered, fubjedi to the like appeal as in cafes of rates made for the relief of the poor : and the laid officers (hall be accountable for the fame, in like manner as by law they are accountable for the money by them colledted for the relief of the poor, and (hall be fubjeft and liable to the fame or like pains and commitments for not accounting for the fame, or not paying monies by them collected, and remaining in their hands, as overfeers of the poor are, by the Astute of the forty-third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, made fubjedt and liable to, for not accounting for or not paying monies collected by virtue of any rates for relief of the poor.

XXXIII.	And whereas the feveral offices for infuring houfis a-ga'tnft lofs by fire retain in their feveral Jervices, and give coats and badges, and other rewards, unto watermen, for their ferwte ad affiance inland towards extinguijbing of fire, and who are to be always ready when wanted, and9 are provided with various forts of poles, books, hatchets, and feveral other inftruments and things, at the charge of the faid refpeftive infurance offices, for the extinguijbing of fire j which watermen fo retained are and have been by experience found to venture much further, and to have frill to give, and do grot at fires, happening within the limits aforefaid, greater help then other perfons not ufed to come into danger5 be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the watermen fo retained, and wearing fuch coats and badges for the time being, belonging to every fuch infurance office within the limits aforefaid, not exceeding thirty for each office, (hall be free from being imprefled <or liable to be compelled to go to Tea, or ferve as marines or as joldiers on land, their names and plates of abode being regiftcr-jed and entered with the fecretary or other officer of the admiralty office.

XXXIV.	And in order to deter and hinder ill-minded perfons frm wilfully fetting their houft or boufes or other buildings on fire, witbn view of gaining to themfelves the infurance-money, whereby the Bves and fortunes of many families may be loft or endangered; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpedtive governors or directors of the feveral infurance offices within the limits aforefaid, for infuring boufes or other buildings againft loft by fire, and they are hereby authqrifed and required*, upon the application and requeft of

~	“	any

i772-] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73.	24$

any perfon or perfons interefted in or intitlecl unto any houfe Of houfes, or other buildings within the limits by this adl prescribed, which hereafter (hall or may be burnt down, demolifhed, or damaged by fire, or upon any grounds of fufpicion that che owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, or other perfon or perfons, who (hall have infured fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings, have been guilty of fraud, or of wilful fetting their houfe or houfes or other buildings on fire, to caufe the infurance-money to be laid out and expended, as far as the fame will go, towards rebuilding, retaliating, or repairing fuch houfe or houfes or other buildings fo burnt down, demolifhed, or damaged by fire, unlefs the party or parties claiming fuch infurance-money fhall, within fixty days next after his, her, or their claim fhall be adjufted, give a fufficient fecurity to the governors or directors of the infurance office where fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings are infured, that the fame infurance-money fhall be laid out and expended as aforefaid, or unlefs the faid infurance- ’ money fhall be in that time fettled and difpofed of to and amongft all the contending parties, to the fatisfadlion and approbation of fuch governors or directors of fuch infurance office refpec-tively.

XXXV» And whereas fires often happen by the negligence and care- Negligence in lefinefs of fervants, be it therefore enadted by the authority afore- feints re-faid. That if any menial or other fervant or fervants, through puCni(hfbieby negligence or careleffnefs, fhall fire, or caufe to be fired, anyfinCof 100L dwelling-houfe, or out-houfe or houfes, or other buildings, fi- or impriiou* tuate within the limits aforefaid, fuch fervant or fervants, being m€nt* thereof convilted by the oath of one or more credible witnefs, or witnefles made before two or more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds unto the churchwardens or overfeers of fuch parifh where fuch fire (hall happen, to be diftributed amongft the fufferers by fuch fire in fuch proportions as to the faid churchwardens fhall fcem juft: and in cafe of default or refufal to pay the fame immedi-ately after fuch convidion, the fame being lawfully demanded by the faid churchwardens; that then, and in fuch cafe, fuch fervant or fervants (hall, by warrant under the hands and feal^ of two or more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, be committed to the common gaol or houfe of corre&ion, as the faid juftices fhall think fit, for the fpace of eighteen months, there to be kept to hard labour.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the- authority afore- Conftable* faid. That upon the breaking out of any fire, within the limits and beadles aforefaid, all conftables and beadles, upon notice thereof, fhall ™ *£***' t0 immediately repair to the place where the faid fire fhall happen, p^ceson fire, with their (laves and other badges of their authority, and be and what they aiding and affifting, as well in extinguifhing the faid fires, and are to do. caufing people to work at the engines, as alfo in preventing goods being ftolen, and (hall feize and apprehend all ill-difpofed perfons that they (hall find ftealing or pilfering from the inhabitants ; as alfo that the faid conftables and beadles (hall give their

R 3	utmoft

1

No afiion to lay againlt a pcr.oa where the fire accidentally begin*.

Dtftr^f# not Unlawful for * ant of forfnj fcc.

Plaintiff not to recover if tender of fuf-

ficient a-I»emU be n»4dp,

Afl* 4. A: 6

G'O v tor ft 3 u'at'.ng buiidiog^ See.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73.	[1772*

utmoft afliftancc to help the inhabitants to remove their faid goods.

XXXVII,	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefcid, That no adiion, Suit, or procefs whatever, (hall be had, maintained, or profecuted again If anv perfon in whofehoufe or chamber any fire (hall, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, accidentally begin, nor (hall any recompence be made by fuch perfon for any damage fu/fered or occafioned thereby; any law, ufage, or puftom to the contrary notwithftanding: and in fuch calc, if any adiion (hall be brought, the defendant may plead the general iffue, and give this adl, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial thereof to be had; and in cafe the plaintiff (ball become nonfuited, or difeontinue his adiion or fuit, or if a verdict (hall pafs againft him, the defendant (hall recover treble coils: provided that nothing in this adl contained (hall extend to defeat or make void any contract or agreement made between landlord and tenant.

XXXVIII,	And be it further enadled by the authority afore* faid. That where any diftrefs (hall be made for any fum or funs of money to be recovered by virtue of this act, the diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers, on account of any defedt or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto; nor (hall the party or parties be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers ob initio% on account of any irregularity which (hall be afterwards done by the party or parties making fuch difu efs; but the perlba or perions aggrieved by fuch irregularity may recover full fatis-fadlion for the fpecial damage by adiion on the cafe.

XXXIX,	Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall recover in any adiion, or for anv fuch irregularity, trefpafe, or other proceedings, if tender of fufneient amends (hall be made by or on the behalf of the party or parties who (hall have committed, or caufed to be committed, every or any fuch irregularity, tref-pafs, or wrongful proceeding before fuch adtion brought ; and in cafe no fuch tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants, in any fuch adiion, by leave of the court where fuch adiion (hall depend, at any time before iffue joined, to pay into the court fuch fum of money as he or they (hall fee (it; whereupon fuch proceedings or order and judgment (hall be had, made, or given, in and by fuch court, as in other adtions when the defendant is allowed to pay money into court,

XL. And whereas by two feveral alts of parliament, the one node in the fourth, and the other in the Jixtb year of his prefent Afajtftfs reign, for the better regulating buildings, and preventing mijcbiefs happening hy fire> a penalty of fifty pounds is inf illed upon the bed builder, mailer bricklayer, or workmen, who Jhould neglefl to build every houft thereafter to be built according to the directions of the Jhid alts: and whereas, finu the pajftng of the faid atU> there has beene

ViZ)

I772-] Anno duodecimo Georgii HI. c. 73.	*47

very great increafe of buildings v)itbin the limits aforefaid\ and many af the houfes fo built are not in every refpefi built according to the directions of the faid recited afls, whereby the feveral owners and bead builders thereof have incurred the faid penalties, and feveral perfons ore informed againfly and are now under profecutioh for the fame: and whereasfuch fir ftowners, bead builders, majier bricklayers, of workmen ofJutb houfes are willing and defrous to make the fame comform-able to this afl; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any adtion, bill, plaint, Juit, or information, is and are now depending in ahy of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjlery or before any of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, agatnft any fuch owner, head builder, mailer bricklayer, or workmen, for not having built fuch houfe conformable to the directions of the faid alts, it (hall ftnd may be lawful for the court where the fame (hall be refpeCtively brought, and fuch court is hereby required, authorifed, and empowered, on the application of fuch defendant or defendants, to make a rule for the plaintiff or informer in fuch atfion, bill, plaint, fuir, or information to fet forth the particular defedt or irregularity complained of in the building fuch houfe or houfes; and if fuch defendant or defendants (hall thereupon enter into an agreement " for making good the irregularities and defedls fo complained of, and rendering the building of fuch houfes conformable to the diredion of this ad, within a certain time to be fpecified in fuch agreement, and (hall be defirous that fuch agreement (hould be made a rule of any of his Majesty’s courts of record, that then fuch agreement being fo made, mall and may, upon producing an affidavit of the execution thereof by the witnefles thereunto, or any of them, in the court of which the fame is agreed to be made a rule, and reading and filing the faid affidavit in court, be entered of record in fuch court, and a rule (hall thereupon be made by fuch court, that fuch defendant or defendants (hall, apc here{,y within a certain time to be limited and fpecified in fuch rule* rendered con-make good the defers and irregularities complained of, and ren- formahle to der the building of fuch houfe or houfes conformable to the di-rechon of this adt; and that fuch defendant or defendants (hall moreover pay fuch cods as the faid court (hall diredt and award; and alfo it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace before whom any information or informations as aforefaid is or are now depending, and fuch juftice and juftices of the peace are hereby required, authorifed, and empowered, on the application of any firft owner, head builder, mafter bricklayer, or workmen, againft whom fuch information or informal tions (hall be given and laid, to accept and receive fuch agree* ment to make good the defers and irregularities complained pf, and to render the buildings of fuch houfes conformable to the directions of this act.

XLI. And be it further enabled. That in every fuch cafe it Juftice* to in* (hall and may be lawful for, and fuch court and juftices of theidemnify all peace is and are hereby required, authorifed, and impowered, on fuch firft owner, head builder, mafter bricklayer, or work- coired'by for*

It 4	men,	mer adu.

t+Z	Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C.73.	[1772

men, making appear to them refpedUvely that the defers and irregularities complained of are made good, and the building of 1 fuch houfe or houfes rendered conformable to the direction of this a<5t, according to his or their agreement entered into for that purpofe, to indemnify, free, and difeharge every fuch defendant and defendants of, from, and againft all penalties and forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reafon of not having originally built fuch party walls purfuant to the diredtioos of the faid acts, or for or by reafon of any other defedt or irregularity, whereby fuch houfes are otherwife built than purfuant to fuch directions; any thing in the faid adts contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Frovife.	XLIl.	Provided	always.	That this adt, or any thing herein

Contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to exend, to indemnify any perfon againft whom final judgement (hall have j been given in any adhon of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, for any penalty incurred, by having negledled to make fuch party walls, or in any other refpedt to build fudh houfes purfuant to the diredions of the faid adts of the fourth and fixth years of his prefent Majefty. For avowing XLHI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall think him, her, or them-felves aggrieved by any convi&ion, commitment, diftrefs, or-der, or judgement of anyjuftice orjuftices of the peace made by virtue of this adt, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may appeal to the jpftices of the peace at their next general quarter felons of the peace to be holden in and for the city of London and liberties thereof, the counties of MiddUfex and Surrey, the city and liberty of Wejlminfler, or the liberties of his Majesty*s Tower of Londont (as the cafe (hall be), which (hall be holden next after fuch convi&ion, commitment, diftrefs, order, or judgement, who (hall proceed to hear and determine the caufes and matters cf fuch appeal upon oath, (which oath or oaths they are hereby empowered to adminifter), and award fuch cofts to the parties appealing or appealed againft as they (hall think proper; and the order, judgement, aud determination, of the faid juftices, in their faid refpedtive feflion, (hall be binding, final, and condu-five to all parties, without any appeal from the fame.

Frovifo.	XLIV.	Provided	always,	and be it further enaCted by the au-

* thority aforefaid. That the perfon or perfons fo intending to appeal, (hall, immediately after fuch conviCt on, commitment, di-.ftrefs, order, or judgement, if he (hall be required fo to do, or within two days at the fartheft, enter into a recognizance before fuch juftice orjuftices of the peace, with two fufficient fureties conditioned to try fuch appeal, and to abide the order of, and pay fuch cofts as (hall be awarded by the fipd feflions refpec-tively.

limitation of XLV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, j£Uon». That no action or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this auntil twenty-one days after notice in writing of any intention to bring fuch

jetioq

*49

r 772«] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73.

action or fuit (hall be given to the perfon or perfons againft whom fuch action or fuit (hall be brought or commenced) nor after the expiration of three calendar months next after the faft committed ; and every fuch aftion or fuit, the caufe or occafion whereof (hall arife within the faid city of London, or the liberties thereof, (hall be laid and tried in the faid city of London, and not elfewhere; and every fuch aftion or fuit, the caufe or occafion . whereof (hall arife in any part of the limits aforefaid, out of the faid city of London, and liberties thereof, (hall be laid and tried in the county of Middlefex, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every fuch aftion or fuit, may plead the

general iffue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evi- General ifliie.

ence, at any trial or trials which (hall be had thereupon, and that the matter or thing for, or on which fuch aftion or fuit (hall be brought, was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft: and if the faid matter or thing fhall appear to have been fo done, or if it (hall appear that fuch aftion or fuit was brought, before the expiration of twenty-one days notice to be given as % aforefaid, or that fufBcient fatisfaftion was made or tendered as aforefaid, or if any fuch aftion or fuit (hall not be commenced within the time herein for that purpofe limited, or fhall be laid in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then the jury, in in every fuch aftion or fuit, (hall find for the defendant or defendants therein; and if a verdift (hall be found for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any fuch aftion or fuit, fhall become nonfuited, or (hall difeontinue or fuffer a difcontinuance of any fuch aftion or fuit; or if, upon any demurrer or demurrers, in any fuch aftion or (bit, judgement (hall be given for the defendant or defendants therein; then, and in either of the cafes aforefaid, the defendant or defendants, fhall have treble cods, and (hall have fuch remedy for recover- ^ ing the fame, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, n her, or their cods, in other cafesby law.

XLVI. And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid, Former That fo much of an aft made in the nineteenth ^year of the reign f<> far as re* of his late Majedy King Charles the Second, (intituled. An aft fpeft party for rebuilding the city London), as relates to regulating build- .*a,,VugViat" ings and party walls; and an aft made in the fixth year of the prevent-reign of her late Majedy Queen Anne, (intituled, An act for the jng mifehiefs* better preventing mifehiefs that may happen by fire); alfo an aft by fire, &c. made in the feventh year of the reign of her faid late Majedy, repealed, (intituled. An act for making more effeftual an aft made in the fixth year of her Majejhfs reign, for the better preventing of mifehiefs that may happen by fire) ; alfo fo much of an aft made in the eleventh year of the reign of his )ate Majedy King George the Fird, intituled, An act for the better regulating of buildings, and to prevent mifehiefs that may happen by fire, within the weekly bills of mortality, and other places therein mentioned)y as relates to regulating buildings and party walls; alfo fo much of an aft made in the thirty-thi *	"	*	'' ‘ ~	~

Second,

rd year ot tne reign ot ms late Majelty ttjng ueorge tne (intituled, An act for widening certain firtets% lanes, and

2jO

Anno duodecimo Georgii Ilf. c. 73.	[1771.

pajfages, within the city oj London, and liberties thereof, end for opining certain newJlreets and ways within the fame, and for otter purpofts therein mentioned)y as relates to the regulating of buildings, and party walls, and preventing mifehiefs that may happen by fire; alfo fo much of an aft made in the fourth year of the feign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An eft for the bitter regulating of buddings, and to prevent mifchiefs that may happen by K fire* within the weekly hills of mortality, and other places ther'u mentioned), as relates td the regulating of buildings and part] waifs, and preventing mifehiefs happening by fire; alfo fo much of an aft made in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty's reign, (intituled, An aft to explain, amende and render more ejfeftud the powers of an aft made in the thirty-third year of the reign of bislttt Majejly* intituled, An act for widening certain ftreets, lanes, and paftages within the city of London, and liberties thereof, and for opening certain new ftreets and ways within the fame, and for other purpofes therein mentioned}, as relates to the regulating of buildings and party walls; alfo of another aft made in the faid fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, (intituled, to explain, amende and render more effectual an aft made in the fourth year of his prefent Aiajejlfs reignyJor the better regulating of kilt* ings* and to prevent mifehiefs that may happen by firet within th weekly bills of mortality* and other places therein mentioned), as relates to the regulating of buildings and party walls, and preventing mifehiefs that may happen by fire, (hall be, and the feme are hereby repealed.

Fublick aft. .XLVII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a pubiick ad; ahd (haft be judicially taken notice of as (uch by all judges, ju-ffices, and other perlons whofnfoever* without fpecially pleading the fame., .

'	CAP. LXXIV.

Ah aft U continue ahd enlarge the term and powers of an afiy mil in the twenty-fixih year of the reign of King George the SW, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Lobcombe Cor-ner, in the parifb of Winterflow, to Harnham Bridge, inth county of W ills; arid from the weft corner of Saint Anne’s Street, in the city of New Saruifi, to the parifbes ofhandford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing; and from Landlord aforefind, thru*} Ower and T eft wood, to Ealing aforefaid* in the county of South-» ampton; and for repairing and widening the road from the Rum-fey and Ringwood turnpike road* near the houfe of Francis Fry, to Lindhucft; and from a place talied Hampton Ford, to Lambs Corner, in the faid county of Southampton; and for rcpdrici the footwap within the faid city.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for making a navigable tut or canal from the river Dee, within the liberties of the city of Chefter, to or near Middlcwich and Naotwieby {n the county of Chefter.

CAP.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 76,—83-

C A P. LXXVI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an aft for repairing and widening the road from the city of Norwich to ocole-bridge, in the county ef Norfolk.

CAP. LXXVII.

An off to amend an aft of the Jixtb year of the refgn of his prefent Majejiy% u for repairing and widening the flone bridge, in the town “tf/Shrewlbury ” and for appropriating part of the tolls collected upon certain roads leading to the Jfaid bridge towards finijbing the the fame; and for granting additional terms to the feveral affs for repairing the /aid roads.

CAP. LXXVI1L

An aftfor repairing and widening fevered roads from AMermafton, in the county of Berks, to Bafingftoke, and from Aldermafton aforefaid to the turnpike road from Bafingftoke to Andover, at or near Worting, and to the turnpike road leading to Wincheftcr at Popham Lane, in the county Southampton.

CAP. LXXIX.

An afl for the more effectual off effing and colie fling of the rates for relief of the poor in the parijb of Saint Botolphy Bithopfgate, in the liberties of the city of London.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging tlx powers of an aft* made in the tenth year of bis prefent Majefiy, fot repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Bury Saint Edmunds to the town */* Newmarket, in the counties of Suffolk and Cambridge; and from the foutb end of the Ferry-Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the faid county of Suffolk.

CAP. LXXXI.^

An a& to explain and amend an aft, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for improv* ing the navigation of the river Loyne, otherwife called Lune, and for building a quay or wharf near the town of Lancafter, in the county palatine of Lancafter.

CAP. LXXXIL

An act for repairing and widening feveral roads leading through the county of Lanerk, and for building a bridge over the river Clyde, at or near a place called the Howford, in the faid county.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An aft to continue and render more effefinal an aft paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late Majefiy^ for repairing the road from the North Queen’s Ferry, through the towns ^/’Inverkeith* ipS wd Kinrofs, to the toiyn of Perth \ and alfo the road from the

faid

*52

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. 0.84,—90.	[ 1772.

faid Queen's Ferry to the towns of Dumfermline, Tonybum, and Culrofs \ ana alfo tbe road from the faid Queen’s Fern, through Inverkeithing* to Bruntifland and Kirkcaldie.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An aGt to continue and render more effeliual fevered alii for repairis; the roads from the parijb cf Enfield, in the county of Middled; to the town of Hertford, and other roads in tbe faid alii mentis* id; and alfo for repairing. the road from the end of tbe tact,/ Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the faid count] i Hertford.

CAP. LXXXV.

An alt for repairing and widening tbe road firm the end of tit frt-fent turnpike road from Beficlfldgh to Hungerford, in tbe cm] of Berks, to Leckford, otberwife Soufiey Water, in tbe cent] :f Wilts.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An a8 for enlarging tbe term and powers cf an aff> pcfftd in the Jt-cond year of his prefent Majejly's reign, for repairing\ widewfr and altering feveral roads leading from Taviftock to Plymouth, and other places in the county of Devon; and for repairing erJ widening, tbe road from the guildhall in Taviftock ofmjsd, through Matthew*ftreet and Lower Brook-ftreet, to Cherry-brook, and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from tbe Caliingtoa turnpike road to Morwdlham and New Quay, in tbe faid cw\

CAP. LXXXVII.

An alt for building a bridge crofs tbe river Urc, from Great Ouk-bprn to Aldwork, in tbe county of York.

CAP. LXXXVin.

An alt to continue and render more effeliual two feveral alls for repairing tbe roads leading from the town of Manchefter, in th county of Lancafter, through the town of Alhton under Line, and parijb of Mottram Longdcndale, and from thence to Sates Brook, in the county palatine of Chefter.

CAP. LXXX1X.

An all to continue and render more effeltual feveral alls fsr refe:icing the highways between Dunftable and Hockliffe, in tbe cm) of Bedford ; and from the Jign of the White Horfe to tbe fo of the King’s Arms in Hockliffe aforefaid; and alfo formhii provifion for the more effeliual repairing the road leading from trt Jign of the Waggon and Horfes to the Bull Inn in Dunftable cjorcfdid.

CAP. XC.

An alt for repairing and widening the road from the weft erJ;! Saint Ives Lane, in the town of Saint Ncots, in the cm'] Huntingdon* to the pavement at tbe end of Bell Lane, in tit town of Cambridge.

i772.] Anno duodecimo GEORGli III. c. 91,—98.

CAP. XCI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Warwick road near Solihull, to the guide poft in Kenilworth 5 and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforefaid road on Balfall Common, in the county of Warwick.

CAP. XCII.

An at1 to continue, amend, and render more effeftuaU an aft pajfed in the feventh year of the reign of bis prefent Majcfly, for repairing the roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the county of Kent, to Swift’s Den, in the pari/b of Etchingham, and from Frant to Poffingworth Great Wood, adjoining to the turnpike road there, leading to Black Boys, in the county of Suffcx*

CAP. XCIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Exeter turnpike at Reedy Gate, in the parijh f/'Dunstord, in the county of Devon, to Cherrybrook, in the foreft of Dartmoore, in the faid county.

CAP. XCIV.

An atI for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majefiy, for repairing and widening feveral roads leading to, through, and from the town of Frame, in the county of Somerfet; and feveral other roads in the counties of Somerfet and Wilts.

CAP. XCV.

An act for repairing and amending the road from Beerftreet Gates, in the city of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the county ef Norfolk.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair the road from Burlton, in the county of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymy* nech, in the fame county, and from Knockin to the eaft end of the Llanriader road, 'and from Place Carrick Lane to the turnpike road from Llanymynech to Ofweftry near Coid Ida Mountain, andfrom Ofweftry turnpike road on Knockin Heath, to the eajl end of Knockin Lane.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the confines of the county of Berwick, at or near Banghoufe Walls to Compton’s Lanes, and Eymouth, and from the town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Whitelaw Muir to Compton’s Lancs, in the county of Berwick.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the eajl end of the bridge acrofs the river Ouze in Downham Market, to the Queen’s Head; and from the Chequer Inn, in Downham Market aforefaid, to the eajl end of the Two Mile Clofe, in the parijb of Barton, and towards Wattqn, to a place called The Devil’s Ditch, in the county of Norfolk; W for flopping up the mi leading from Stradfet, through Barton Layes, towards Watton.

CAP. XCIX.

An aH for enlarging the term and powers of two offs, made in tct twenty fixth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of bis late Mi-jejly King George the Second, for repairing and widening O'i Street Road, in the parijbes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlefcx.

CAP. C.

An afl for building a temporary bridge over the river Tyne, ktm1 the town of Newcaftle upon Tyne and Gatefhead, in tbecmtj of Durham.

CAP. CL

An afl to continue the term, and vary the powers, of fo much of a aft, made in the twenty fir/t year of the reign \f his late Mojtjh, for repairing the road from Sutton Coldfield Common, eni feveral other roads therein defiribed, in the county ^Stafford, a relates to the Wolverhampton iiflrift of roads.

CAP. CIL

An act for repealing certain provifions m two alts of parUanent, jo far as the fame relate to repairing the highways in the parijk;/ Saint Mary Matfelon, otberwije Whitechapel, tn the tmtj tj Middlefex j and for raifing money for repcuring the /aid bigbw\u

cap. cm.

An alt for the better prefervation of the great bank of the raw We!-larid, from Spalding High Bridge, through Cowbtt, Peak!, Cropland, and Peakirk, and for making and keeping in repw : road thereon, and from thence to the village of Glenton, in tbtem-ties ^Lincoln and Northampton.

CAP. CIV.

An all to explain and amend an all of the eleventh year of tbt reipsf his prefent Majejly, for amending and widening the read fno Beflelueigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the cmljf Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the count] if Wilts; and from the turnpike road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to The Old Rod Houle up on Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lambourn, in tbej&d county of Berks.

CAP. CV.

An act for amending, widening, and altering the roads leading frt* Crickhowel, in the county of Breckon, to the Crofs Hands, beyond New Inh, in the turnpike road between the city of Hereford and Rofs, and from a place called The Lower Crofs Ways, in the parijh of Saint Maughan-’s, to the town of Grofmouot, in the county of Monmouth 5 and from a jmitb's flop, at Stanton, in the parijh of Llanvihangell, to Chapel a Fine, in the same county; and from the turnpike road9 in the parijb of Welfh « Newton, in the county of Hereford, to Ponttanaft, in the parijb of Cluddock, in the Jaid county.

CAP. CVI.

An aft to continue the termy and alter and enlarge the powers of fo much of two afts9 made in the twenty-fixth and twenty-feventb years of King George the Second, for repairing feveral roads leading into the city of Glafgow, as relates to that part of the road from the city of Giafgow to the town {/'Dumbarton, which leads through the county to the town {/'Dumbarton.

CAP. CVIL

An act for repairing and widening the road from the forty-eighth mile floney in the parijb of Cardington, tn the prefent turnpike road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge ; and for continuing a road from thence to the great northern road near Temsford Bridge, in the county {/'Bedford.

CAP. CVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Sheet Bridge to Portfmouth, andfrom Petersfield to the Alton turnpike road9 near Ropley, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. CIX.

An act for making and keeping in repair a road or paffage for horfes3 on the banks of the river Severn, between Bewdjey Bridge and a place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrookdale,./?r baling and drawing vejfels along the faid river; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

CAP. CX.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two afts9 made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Firjiy and the twenty-firll year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the feveral roads leading from Birmingham, through the town of Wedncfbury, to a place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from theme to the end of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the townjhip of Bilfon; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to King Swinford; and to the further end of Brittel Lane, in the counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Wor-cefter.

