A

TABLE

Containing the Titles of all the

STATUTES

PUBLICS and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno tertio

Georgii III.

Being the Second Session of the Twelfth Parliament of

Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

I. AN act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three,

II. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three.

III. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

---

IV. An act for rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the of appointed by an act made in the last fefiiori of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same session, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two\ and for appointing other of, together with those named in the first-mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised irt Great Britain^ for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three.

V. An act to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and for the making and filing of affidavits of articles of derkship.

VI. An act for explaining and amending an act made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for tbidue making of breads and to regulate the price and ajflze thereof and to punish persons who shall adulterate mealy /Swr, or bread \ so far as the lame relates to that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for rendering the said act more cfledtual in that part of the united kingdom.

VII. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the v better payment of the army and their quarters.

VIII. An act to enable such officers, marines, and soldiers, as have been in the land or sea service, or in the marines, since the twenty-second year of his late Majesty King George the Second, to exercise trades.

IX. An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transpoit bills, and ordnance debentures; and for charging the payment of fudi annuities on the sinking fund j and making good the same to the said fund, in manner therein mentioned.

X. An act for applying the money granted in this iefiion of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and for appointing a time and place for exercising the militia in the said year.

XI. An act for explaining and amending an act made in the thirty-first year of die reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the due making of broody and to regulate the price and ajflze thereof \ and to pumjb persons who shall adulterate mealy floury or bread.

XII. An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and for raising the fam of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the said duties.

XIII. An act for more effectually fanning the payment of the duties upon malt, by preventing frauds in the obtaining of allowances, and the mixing of fresh com or grain with corn or grain making into malt.

XIV. An act for the encouragement of John Harrfony to publish and make known his invention of a machine or watch, lor the discovery of the longitude at fca.

XV. An act to prevent occasionai fineemen from voting at eledtions of members to serve in parliament for cities and boroughs.

XVI. An act to impower the of or governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwichy after defraying the necessary expences thereof, to provide for such seamen worn ouf and

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

md baome decrepit in the ferries of their country, who shall iot be provided for within the said hospital; and to enable them to itecwve fbch peafloM as shall be granted them by the said 11 mimi liffirtnoTi cue governors, in the most easy and convenient manner; and for preventing frauds and abuses attending the

XV7I. An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or acheqoer bills for the service of the year one theudtnd seven hundred and (irty-thtoe; and for further appropriating the fop-plies granted in this ft (lion of parliament 5 and for allowing hid Majesty's fobjefts to importtheirgoods and effects, being the produce of certain places ceded to France and Spain by the late treaty of peace, upon payment of the same duties as they Would have been liable to, if such placed had remained ih his Majesty*s poffeflBon.

XVIII. An act for granting to Ms Majesty a certain fom of money oat of the finklhg fund $ add for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer for the service of the year one tbooftnd seven hundred*and sixty-three.

XIX. An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds of Bradford, Melklham, and Whorlfdown, in the county of Wilts.

XX. An act for permitting the importation, from , of ftal# and dirty butter, not fit for eating, commonly called barter.

XXI. An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more SSbftUa), at? aft rfiade in the nineteenth year of the reign of Bjwh&wy the Seventh, intituled1, " Silt works."

11X11. Act act for the further improvement of his Mijetty*i fSNMUef customs; and for the encouragement of officers mdaiHa Mrom; and for the prevention of the clan define rnn-ning of goods into arty part or hfe Majffty's dominions,

KUIk- AtVaft/fb explain i amefkf, and tender rhore enef&al, aft nSt rtifedo i* the htft session of paHiament, intituled, An a Si jfrpttsdtgieU&tptgy dPePHghting, wt, freefsy and ,

unibin the city and liberty of Weltinmfter, the parifins of Sint Gifts' tft tlft*Ffclflfei Skfrtt George the1 Martyr, Saint George O&MUfltoty, AsMpabf of the petrifls Saint Andrew's Holbqum which lies, in the county of Middlesex, the federal liberties of the RbllS (tied SfcVOy, and fb'rHpirt of the dkichy of Lancaster which Set inthecomtijt of Middlesex, and

in; atfdfor otherpurposes thereii^rkenHoned.

XXIV. An1 aft'tO1 prevent ffaudWint and occasional votes in the eiefKons of fcWighti of the fTiire, and of members for cities and rnwns whifch are'cOtmiiOs of therftselyes, so far as relates to ffir right of voting! by virtue of art arthiiity or relit charge.

XXV. An act to coririnoe and amend two acts made in the rwenty-first and twenty eighth years of his lie Majesty's reign, fer encouraging the makitig of iridtedih the Britishj plantations»America; and for extending the prbvittons of an act of the thirtieth year of his-late Majesty's reign, with respect to bring-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spahish prize goods take fiflce the late declaration of war with Spain.

XXVI. An act to continue and render more effectual tw acts of parliament for repairing the roads from Lemsford Mil through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Cory's Mill, to Hiichir* and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to Hitchin, in the county c Hertford.

XaVIIP An act to continue and render more effectual tw acts of parliament for repairing and widening the road leadin, from the Black Bull Inn in Dunstable, in the county of Bedford to the way turning out of the said road up to Shafford House, ii the county of Hertfordr

XXVIII. An act for continuing an act passed in the eleven tl year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, sft act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of i penny ferling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall bi brewed for sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within tbi town of Aberbrothock, and liberties thereof .

XaIX. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament of the sixth and twelfth years of his Jate Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from Fyfield in the county of Berks, to Saint John's fridge in the county of Gloucester, and from an inn called the Hints Head, in the parish of Kingston Bagpuze in the said county of Berks, to that part of Newbridge which stands in the said county of Berks; and for rendering the said acts more efteftugl.

XXX. An act to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty JCing George the Second, intituled, An act to repair and widen the road leading from Godmanchester in the county of Huntingdon, through Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to the first nibbing house on Newmarket Heath, in the county of Cambridge.

XXXI. An act for repairing and widening the road from a place called Nightingales, in the township of Heath Charnock, to the bridge at the west end of the town of Bolton in the Moors, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

XXXII. An act for repairing the road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the tyrnpike road leading to Stump Cross, in the counties of Cambridge and Suffolk.

XXXIII. An act for repairing, widening, and Keeping in repair, the road from Kirkby Kendall, in the county of Westmoreland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the county of Lancaster.

XXXIV. An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the high road leading from the fourteen mile stone, in the parish of Mothvey, in the county of Carmarthen, through Llandovery, to Llydiad y Gwyn, in the parish of fjandih vawr; ?nd from thence by Cledfulcb, and over Dulefs Bridge, to the town of Landilo vawr; and from the said town along the poll road, by Rhwyradar, through the county borough of Carmarthen, and village of Saint Clears, to Tavern Spite, in the parish of Kiffig, at the borders of the county of Pembroke.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

XXXV. An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the town of Bamfiaple* in the coun of Devon.

XXX.An act for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Cambridge to Ely* and from thence to Sobam; and for building a bridge cross the rinr Chau* at or near a place called Stretbam Ferry* in the county of Cambridge.

XXXVII. An act to continue and render more effectual federal acts of parliament Ipr repairing the road from Highgate GeU-hwfe, in the county of Middlesex* to Barnet Block-house* in the county of Hertford % and the road from the Bear Inn in Hadley* to the Angel m Enfield Chace \ and also Canemod Lane> leading from Highgate to Hamjfilead, in the said county of Middle* fix; and for repairing and widening the road, being part of the great North Road from London, beginning at Barnet Blockhouse* and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley aforesaid.

XXXVIII. An act for amending and widening several roads leading from or near the north end of the town and borough of Totnes, in the county of Devon.

XXXIX. An act for making a navigation from the river Humber* by a canal or cut, at or near Tetney Haven, to the river Ludd* in the parish of Alvingbam* in the county of Lincoln i and for continuing the said navigation in or near the said. river, from thence, to or near the town of Louth* in the said county.

XL. An act for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the county of Middlesex.

XLI. An act for paving, lighting, and cleansing the city of Ceyentry* and its suburbs; for preventing annoyances therein; and for better ordering the publick wells and pumps there.

XLII. An act for continuing the duties, and enlarging the powers, granted by two acts made in the fifth and twenty-fifth years of his l?te ftTajesty's reign, for enlarging the pier ana harbour of Scarborough in the county of York.

XLIII. An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road, between Ofwejl-nr and Wrexham* at or near WkithurfTs House* through Llangollen* to the most proper and commodious joining of the turnpike road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin, at or near Tavarn Dwyrarch $ and from Llangollen aforesaid, through Acre Fair Colliery* to the Finger Post* at the joining of the road leading from Ofwefiry to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh.

XLIV. Anadfor repairing and widening the road, and opening a communication, from the house of Thomas Hughes esquire, adjoining to Halkin Mountain, to Farm; and across the old post road in Counfillt-fcchan* to a house at Nant y Moch* in Bagillt* in the occupation of Thomas Gill, in the county of Flint.

XLV. An act for repairing and widening the road from Law-ff*. in the county of Chester* to Burficm and Newcastle under Lyne* in the county of Stafford* and other roads therein mentioned,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

XLVI. An act to continue the term, and enlarge the power* f feverat aft* of parliament for repairing the road* from Maidenhead Bridge to Reacting; and from the find bridge to Henley Bridge, iff She county of Berks.

XLVII An act to enlarge the term and powers of two aft* faded in the first and twelfth years of the reign of his late ma* jesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from the powder mills on Haunfbw Heath, in the county of Middlefeg, to a place called Bafingfione, near the town of Bagshot, in the parish of Winili/bam, in- the county of Surrey.

XLVIII. An act for the better cleansing and enlightening the streets, lanes, and publick trays, of the city of and the foborbs thereof, and of the liberty of Saha Peter within the said city; and for keeping the same in repair and free from annoyance i and for regulating the hackney oeafttaen and chairmen, carmen- and draymen, within the same.

XLIX. An act for tilShg down the pariflf church of Saint Andrew, iiv the city of Gastferbitry; and for building a new churehma more convenient place.

L. An act for vesting certain- parcels of land in in the-county of Aiidauftk, irt- tfce reftoTaridchurchwanlensof Che* pOriffr- of* Saha George' Nhnover Sfuare, in the said county; and appropriating the same for a burial ground for the said parish#

Lli An act to amend and render more efibftUal <b much of an act pafRd in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act dor amending emdwtdening-the road from the marker hous in Stour-oridge, to Colley Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore toHoWy Rail, arid Colley Gate to Halesowen, arid from the turnpike road oh Dudley Wood' to Rednall Green, in tkepartflrof King's Nortofijr and* from Carter's Lane to the Ball1 Inn at Northfield, he the comities ofWofedller, Stafford, awrf Salop, as relates to the road fodm the turnpike road' on Dudley IVood to Rednai Green, aid from Carter's Lam to thtf Bell Inn at- Northfield.

LII. An act for amending and widening the roads leading" from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in- the county of Cornwallj Xti'Redruth, in the same county.

LIIL An act for maintaining, regulating, and'employing thu poor within the parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the county-of Middlesex j for cleansing; and lighting the squares, ftfeetsr hries, alleys, courts, - yards, aid other open passages aid places, -and -regulating and keeping a-nightly watfch, within such parts' of the said parish as are'not within the liberties of the tower" of London, or city of London; and to enable the parishioners to raise money to-defray the e*penee* of repairing the said parish church.

LIV. An act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the town of Wartham in the county of Dorset; and for determining differences touching houses and buildings burnt down- or de-molished by reason of the late dreadful fire there, and for preventing future danger by fire.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

LV, An act for lighting theftrects and other places, and maintaining a regular and nightly watch, within the town and county of die town of Newcastle upon Tyne; and for regulating the hackney coachmen and chairmen, cartmen, porters, and watermen within the same.

LVI. An act for the better paving of the streets, and for preventing nuiances and other annoyances in the town of Gof-forty in the county of Southampton.

LVII. An act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of an act made in thirty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King GW#/the Second, for repairiagand widening the road from the town of Derby, to the town of Newcaftlt under Ljnty in the county of Stafford; and for repairing and widening the road from Cliffebank to Snape Marsh, in the village of Shelton, in the county of Stafford.

LVlil. An act to continue the term and enlarge the powers of two acts of parliament, for repairing the highways from Whitechapel church, in the county of Middlesex, to Woodfordy in the county of Essex \ and for enlightening and watching part of the Aid highway from Whitcbapel church to Stratford; and for repairing the road through the parishes of Chigwell and Lam-bounty in the county of Essex.

LIX. An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Stafford to Sandon, in the county of Stafford; and several other roads in the counties of Salop and Stafford.

PRIVATE ACTS.

AN alt to enable the right honourable Henry Foxy to take, in Great Britain the oaths of office, as writer of the tallies and counter tallies, and clerk of the pells, in the receipt of the exchequer, in the kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify himflf for the enjoyment of the said offices.

2. An act for naturalizing Jeremiah Meyer.

3. An act for naturalizing John Vander Meulen.

4. An act for naturalizing Adolph Boon, James Des Cotesf Anthony Fronds Haldimandy Samuel Bouefsy and John Werner Faefib.

5. An act for naturalizing David Wolpmany John S/W, Francis PbtBp Fatky David Plantiery William Staffordy and Francis Delia.

6. An act to enable John earl of Sandwichy Robert Nugent etquire, and Richard Rigby esquire, to take in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treasurer, and receiver-general, and pay-master-general of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Irekndy and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

7. An act for extinguishing the right of average in and upon all the ancient inclosures, in the township of Clifton, in the county of York, and in Bootham in the suburbs of the city of' York; and for dividing and inclosing the common and moor of Clifton aforesaid.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pashires, common grounds, and waste grounds, in the manor and parish of Woodford, in the county of Northamptonk

9.An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, heath and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Gnetbam, in the county of Rutland.

10. An act for enlarging the times appointed by an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain moor or common, within the manor of Evenwood, and chapelry of Saint Helen's Auckland, and county of Durham, for certain arbitrators therein named to make their awards; and for certain of therein mentioned, to set out, divide, and ailot, the said moor or common.

11. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and commonable lands, in the manor of Draycott, in the parish of Wilne, in the county of Derby.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open and common fields, common meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Scropton, in the county of Derby.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing several commons and waste grounds, within the manor and township of Lawton, in the county of Lancaster.

14. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the commons and waste grounds, moss rooms, and parcels of moss grounds, within the manor and township of AJlley, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

15. An act for inclosing and dividing several lands and grounds in the parish of Sutton, in Holderness, in the county of York.

16. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields and pasturage ground, in the manor and parish of Wellingore, in the county of Lincoln.

17. An act for explaining and amending a power given by the marriage settlement of Nathanael Neal gentleman, and Elizabeth his wife; and for making the same more effectual, for the benefit of the children of that marriage.

18. An act for vesting part of the settled ellate of John Lada the younger, and Hester his wife, situate at Barham, in the county of Kent, in trustees, to be sold j and for laying out the money, to arise by such sale, in the purchase of other lands> to be settled to the same uses.

19. An act to dissolve the marriage of William Hazelatrd cleric*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fclerk, With Mary Walley his now wife, and to enable him 16 marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

20. An act for enabling Anne Barbara Hill Medlycott, to take and use the surname and arms of Medlycott, purlbant to the will of Thomas Medlycott esquire, deceased.

21. An act for naturalizing Jacob Reejfen.

22. An act for naturalizing Jofiab Child, an infant, of the age of nine years*

22. An act for naturalizing Samuel ChoUet, John Francis Gabriel Btzey and Samuel Grelief.

24. An act for naturalizing Abraham Huber.

25. An act for naturalizing Rodoljf Nicholas Chaillet, and Abraham Du Bois.

26. An act for naturalizing John D* Orville, Michael Wiegand, John Vollrabt Kettler, Cornelius Gerhard Keitler, and James ohedel.

27. An act for vesting certain lands, tenements, rents, and hereditaments, in the parish of Tavistock, in the county of Devon, and elsewhere, in his grace John duke of Bedford; and for settling and alluring, in lieu thereof, a relit charge of greater value* to be issuing out of lands and tenements belonging to the said duke, for the purposes in the bill mentioned.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing several open and com-.mon fields, lands, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Pirton, in the county of Worcester.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing the odHkand common fields, common meadows, and commonable l^nds, within tht parish of Childfiyickam, in the county of Gloucester;

30. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, pastures, and common grounds, in the chapelry and lordship of Mar feet, in Holderness, in the county of York.

31. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, common pastures, and common fields, in the manor of Litton, in the parish of Tidefwtll, in the county of Derby.

32. An act for dividing and allotting certain open fields, meadows, and Hinted pastures, in the township and parish of PU-ham, in the county of Lincoln.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing Stone Common, within the manor and parish of Stone, in the county of Worcester.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and common fields in the township of Merton, in the county of Oxford; and for making a compensation for common of pasture, and tithes arising therein.

35. An act to enable the master, fellows, and scholars, of the college of Clarehall, in the university of Cambridge, to alter and vary the benefadions of doctor Blyth \ and to appropriate the lame for the benefit of the said college, in the augmentation of the vicarages of Everton, with Tetworth and Great Granfdtn, in the counties of Bedford and Huntingdon.

36. An act to enable the master, fellows, and scholars, of Jews' College, in the university of Cambridge, to alter and vary

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the benefidtion of doCtor Edmund Proby, and Sir Thomas Proby; and to appropriate the same for the benefit of the said college* in the augmentation of several small redories and vicarages.

37. An act for vesting certain lands in the counties of Essex ana Cambridge, belonging to the mailer, fellows, and scholars, of the college called Jyus* College, in the university of Cam* fridge, in Sir William Maynard baronet, and his heirs.

38. An act for vesting part of the settled eiiatcs of Samsiel Dajhyjood esquire, in trustees, for raising money to pay debts and incumbrances; and for providing an equivalent or compensation for the same, to the issue inheritable under his mar* riage settlement.

39. An act for vesting several messuages, lands, and tenements, late the estate of James Joye esquire, deceased, situate in the parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the county of Middlesex, in new trustees $ and to enable them to make Building lea-fes thereof.

40. An act for sale of certain messuages, lands, and tenements, in North Cemey, in the county of Gloucester, late the estate of Edward Pickering Rich, pursuant to an agreement 5 and for applying the purchase-money in discharging incumbrances affecting the same; and for the benefit of Thomas Rich, his son and heir, an infant.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the common moor or waste ground, juthin the hamlet of Winjler, in the parish of Toulgreave, infe county of Derby.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing several common fields grounds, ' within the parish of Glentham, in the county of Lincoln.

43. An act for carrying into execution, an agreement entered into between the governor and company of undertakers for raifirig the Thames Water, in Tort Buildings, the trustees for annuities oti lives, William Lock esquire, his grace Edward duke of Norfolk % and partners. Sir Andrew Chadwick knight, and the reverend Samuel Grove clerk, all real creditors of the said governor and company; and for authorizing and directing the court of session in Scotland, to proceed to a sale of such parts Of the estates of Marischal, Panmure, Southejk, and others, pursuant to the said agreement, as were leased to Sir Archibaii Grant baronet, and Alexander Garden esquire.

44. An act to discharge Certain manors and lands, in the county of Bedford, the estates of the moil noble George duke of Marlborough, from certain trusts and agreements created and entered into by the said duke, whereby the said estates were to be settled on lord Charles Speneer, brother to the said duke, and his issue, in ftrid settlement $ and for settling other lands and hereditaments, in the county of Oxford, in lieu thereof; and likewise for varying, and carrying into execution certain other trusts and agreements of the said duke, for the making a settlement 01 certain manors and lands, in the county of Lincoln, upon lord Robert Speneer, now an infant, another brother

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of the said duke, and his ifiiie, in like strict settlement j and lor other purposes.

45. An act to enable his Majesty to grant certain estates, dc-tifcd by the will of Henry late lord Colerane, in the kingdom, of Ireland, deceased* to trustees, in trust for Henrietta Rosa Peregrma Hare, and her heirs, subject to the uses, limitations, ad provisions, mentioned in the said will; and to two annuities payable to Rose DvpUJfis: and also to certain sums payable to hhrt Knight, and to Henry Knight, and Anne the wife of WiU ha Bajfet; and for other purposes in the said act mentioned.

46. An act for authorizing the executors of John Hope to assign to trustees, twenty thousand pounds of the flock or capital therein mentioned, part of the marriage portion of Jtmerbc wife of John Paterson esquire, to be employed in manner and for the purposes therein expressed.

Anno

GEORGII III.

REGIS

Magna Britannia, Fra, & ,

T E R T I O.

At the Parliament begun and holden at -

J*r, the Nineteenth Day of May, Anno Dom. 1761, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great, and

Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the Twenty-fifth Day of November, 1762, being the Second Session of lot Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

r

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno tertio GEORGII III. Regis.

CAP. I.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and

The same as ftr the lafi year (except as follows: )

\ XXXV.f-p H E bills to be placed as oath in the exchequer; and to be v.2Geo.3.c.4.

JL iffuable thereout in common with other monies j and to be current in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money.

Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer. — Interest to continue till payment. Interest to cease, whilst the bills are in the hands of receivers, Sec. — Bills paid to receivers, &c. to be signed and dated. In-

ttreft.to be allowed to the said days.-The bills may be re-issued, both

for principal and interest.--Receivers to keep a book. Bills filled up

by indorsements, or defaced to be exchanged. — ^Bills not exceeding

5000I. each, to be made forth at the exchequer.---Forging exchequer

bills felony - —— How the monies arising by this act shall be applied. — r —

Treasury on 19 Sept. 1764, to take an accouut of all monies raised and

discharged.--Unlatisfied monies to be paid out of the next aid, or out

of the baking fund.--Commissioners to appoint to pay oft principal

fams, which mall from time to time be in course of payment upon exchequer bills. — Money, as brought in, to be paid to the pay matters.

---Bills to be registered in course.--When interest to cease.--rPay-

nafters liable to the controul of the treasury.--Treasury to settle falanes

of clerks, See, and to contract with persons to circulate bills, &c. Contractors not disabled from being members of parliament: may lower or

rai(e the interest with consent of the treasury.-Contraftors how to be

paid.---No fee to be taken.---No interest for less than one peny.--

Changes to be paid ou# of the sinking fund.---To be replaced out of

the first supplies. — Clause of relief for bills lost or destroyed.-Bills

discharged to be cancelled.--Sinking fund appropriated to discharge

national debts incurred before 15 Dec. 17x6.--Deficiency of malt tax

1 Geo. III. how to be supplied.---Arrears of former duties to be ap*

plied m aid of the supplies granted for the year 1763.

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three.

{Thi same as in the laf year.) — Tour shillings in the pound.* — Cora- v.aGeo.3 c.3. missioners of the land tax for the year 176a. to put this a ft in execution.

---Clauses in the malt tax aft relating to exchequer bills extended to this.

---The monies arising by this act (lull be applied to discharge the said

bills, &c.--The treasury on 19 Sept. 1764., to take an account of all

monies raised and discharged. — Unsatisfied monies to be paid out of the

next aid, or out of the sinking fund.-Deficiencies of the malt tax

1 Geo. III. if not arisen on account of the said aid before 19 Sept. 1763* to be supplied out of any of the monies or loans appropriated for the fer-7ice of the year 1763.

7 Vi 2 CAP.

t

244

Preamble.

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.3-6- [1763.

CAP III.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

The same as for the last year. v. 2 Geo. 3. c. 12.

CAP. IV.

An act for rectifying mistakes in the, names of federal of the of appointed by an act made in the of parliament, to put in execution made in the same session, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two-, and for appointing other together with those named in to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three.

CAP. V.

An act to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify them-fehes for offices and employments and to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes, and for the making and filing of affidavits of articles of clerkship.

Further time allowed tp »8 Nov. 1763, under the same circumstan ces, as in the lall year. v. 1 Geo. 3. c. 23.

CAP. VI.

An act for explaining and amending an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof, and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, so fa as the same relates to that

part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for rendering the said act wore effectual in that part of the united kingdom.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in

year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof; and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread; certain powers are granted the several courts, magistrates, and justices of the peace therein mentioned.

if 63.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.6. 24$

tioned, to fit, ascertain, and appoint, the assize and weight of bread which shall be made for sale, or exposed to sale, and tb( price to be paid for the same respectively, within the bounds of their several jurisdictions, from time to time, as they shall think proper: and it is thereby enabled. That in every ajjize of bread which shall be so set and appointed, respect shall, from time to time, be had to the price which the grain, meal, or flour, whereof such bread shall be made, /tall bear in the publick market or markets in or near the publick place or places for which any such ajflze shall be Jo, at any time, Jet \ andy for ascertaining such price of grainy meal, or flour, from time to time, thefrueral courts, magistrates, and justices of the peace therein mentioned, are thereby impowered, from time to time* as there shall be occafeon, within their respective jurisdictions, to cause the respective prices which the several forts of grain, meal, and floury shall, from time to time, bona fide, fell for in such publick markets, to be given in and certified upon oath unto such court, magistrates, or justices of the peace respectively, within their several jurisdictions, by the clerk of the market, or by such person or persons, and in such manner, and on such day of the week, as they shall respectively appoint within their several jurisdictions \ and the price which shall be so certified, shall from time to time, be entered by the respective person or persons who shall certify the same, in a book or books to be provided and kept by him or them for that purpose, in the form and manner as therein directed: and whereas the above method of ascertaining the price of .wheat and rye, and the flour and meal made of those grains cannot take place within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by reason that there are few publick markets for such grains, flour, or meal, within that part of the united kingdom; and where there are publick markets for grain, flour, or meal of any kind, there is no such officer as clerk of the market, who can certify to the magistrates or justices of the peace the respective prices which the several forts of grain, meal, and flour, fell for in such publick markets, whereby the salutary ejfieft, and exe* cution of the said act made for the whole united kingdom, is prevented and totally disappointed within that part thereof called Scotland: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of. the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Magistrates in place of the method prescribed and laid down in the said act and justices to for ascertaining the price of the several kinds of grain, meal, cn3*, Jj? into, r and flour, it shall and may be lawful in that part of Great ^the prices* Britain called Scotland, for the magistrates and justices of the which the ie-peace who are by the said act authorized to set the assize of veral sorts of bread from time to time, and so often as they shall judge proper, within their respective jurisdictions, to enquire into and take Jour fen for proof of the prices, which rhe several forts of grain, meal, and in the publick flour, fit and proper to make the several sorts of bread which markets

shall be allowed to be made by them, shall bona fide fell for in the publick markets in or near the city, borough, or place, for which they are respectively authorized to set the assize of r R 3 breads

and where there are no publick markets, then to take proof of the present or last felling price thereof j \

so as to a (certain the price the same coils the baker;

they giving ]nrevious notice to the deacon of the bakers company, or to a reputable bakers, to attend the taking of such proof'.

The proof to proceed upon the oaths of a witneifes conversant in the prices;

who may be summoned, and compelled to appear, and give evidences

fb as they be not obliged to travel above 5 miles from home.

Evidence to be ingrossed in a book,

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.6.

['fa-

bread; or where there are no publick markets for any particular species of grain, meal, or flour, in or near such city, borough, or place, to enquire into and take proof of the present or Taft felling price of such species of grain, meal, or nour, whether of the growth of the country or brought from distant places; to which felling price or prime cost shall be added such an allowance for the expence and risk of carriage or transportatien, as, from the enquiry and proof, shall, to the said magistrates and justices of the peace appear just and reasonable; so as that the price of such grain, meal, or flour, be, from time to time, ascertained according to what those several species do or may truly cost the bakers before they can manufacture the same into brero.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That previous to the proof to be taken in the several cases aforesaid, notice in writing shall be given to the deacon of the incorporation of bakers, or, where there is no such incorporation to any two reputable bakers within the city, borough, or place, where such proof is to be taken, forty eight hours at lead before taking the same, to the end that the makers of bread within such city, borough, or place, may, if they think proper, attend the taking such proof, and suggest such questions, as may be proper to be put to the witnesses summoned by the magistrates or justices of the peace respectively, or offer such other witnesses or evidence, as may appear proper for proving the prices of the grain, meal, or flour in question.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such proof shall only proceed upon the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, conversant in the prices of the several forts of grain, meal, or flour, which shall be the subject of such enquiry, or by writings legally proved; and that it shall and may be lawful to the said magistrates and justices of the peace within their respective jurisdictions, to summon such person or persons as to them shall appear most proper for that purpose, and to compel them to appear, and give their evidence*and that either by such remedies, and under such penalties, as are provided by the said a<$t, in the case of persons duly fom-mdned to give evidence, touching the rates- and prices of the several forts of grain, meal, and flour, where the return of the prices of such grain, meal, or flour, shall be suspected as not truly and born side made, or by such remedies as are competent by the common law of Scotland, for compelling witnesses to appear and give evidence in any judicial trial, before a competent court.

IV. Provided always, That the person or persons so summoned, be not obliged to travel above five miles from the place of his, her, or their abode.

Vr And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the whole evidence to be taken as above, shall be fairly ingrossed in a book to be kept for that purposey by the town clerks of the several cities and boroughs, where such proofs shall be taken by the magistrates, or by the clerk of the peace where the proof shall be taken by the justices of the peace;

and

Anno tertio GEORGix III. c.6. 247

the evidence ai taken down In fbch book shall be duly and fifned by*by the fevetal witnesses, and by the magistrates or justicesth* the peace who shall take the same fefpedWvely, according ^fe, the practice of the law of Scotland; and that so Ofteri ds such the fames mall be taken, the magistrates or justices of the peace, ...whom the same shall be taken respectively, (haQ, lm- ipeaive price* Mediately after doling the evidence, or ad soon as it cart coh- to be declared, leniently be done, declare the prices of the several kinds of in, meal, or flour, concerning which the enquiry has been ie, according as these shall appear to them to be proved,

>m considering the whole evidence, and which declaration 11 be ingrofleo in the book appointed to be kept as afore->d, immediately after the evidence, and shall be signed by and entered in the magistrates or justices of the peace respectively, before the f*«d book, whom such proof shall be taken; and which book containing a"d fi8n'd by the evidence and declaration aforesaid, shall be of en, tadfftrSS patent, to the inspection of the makers of bread, and all other which is to b* persons, without fee or reward; and shall, to ah intents and free to publick purposes, be'deemed and taken to be, equivalent to the re- inspefllon. turns or certificates of the market prices of all kinds of grain* meal, or flout, appointed to be taken by the said act: and the The assise arid magistrates and justiceS of the peace in that part of Great Britain height o» called Scotland, shall thereupon proceed to set, ascertain, and bread for fa)er appoint, the assize and weight of all sorts of bread, which (half ^dacc^d-be made for sale, or exposed to sale, and the price so bef paid ing thereto, for the lame, within their tespective jurisdictions, When and as osten, from time to time, as they shall think fit, according to the directions, and agreeable to the tables eUafted and referred to by the said act.

VL Provided always, and be it etiafted by the authority afore- The assize laid. That when and so often as any assize of bread shall be set, af- liable ter certained, and appointed, for any city, borough, or place. Within that part of Great Britain called Scotlandf by the magistrates or for^ tj|| a justices of the peace impowered for that purpose, such assize shall new one w not be limited to endure for any certain time, but shall continue made* and stand in force until a new assize of bread be set, afeestained, and appointed, by the said magistrates or justices of the peace, for such city, borough, or place respectively; any thiftg in the aforesaid act of the thirty-first year of the reigh of his late Majesty, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V1L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^po|1 upon an application in writing by any two or more of the inhabi- cation and tants or bakers, within any city, bosough, or county. Where such proof offered alfize of bread shall be set, to the magistrates or justices of the ot a. lijffieient peace who set the last assize, or to the magistrates or justices of ^Ue^rke^the peace of such city, borough, or county, for the time being, any ipede» of setting forth, and offering to prove, by proper evidence, that the the said grain, price of any of the species of grain before-mentioned, has rose ty anT*or fallen since the last assize of bread was set, so as to authorize ^er^since an alteration of such last assize, according to the aforesaid act of the last assize, his late Majesty, and tables therein referred to; in every such case, the magistrates or justices of the peace, to whom such application

Got e

248 Anno tertio Georgii III. c.6. [1763,

shall be made, shall within their respective jurisdictions, be obliged to take evidence of the then current pricts, in the fresh evidence manner before directed; and if, upon advising such proof, they it to be taken shall find such a variation of the prices since the last assize, as °riceC-and?1 Scribedn ad, they shall immediately set and afcer-

new^fRze to tain a new aAize of bread, which shall remain till altered agree-be made - able to the directions herein before given, conformable thereto.

Method of VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tha*

proceeding in in case any person or persons shall oe convicted of any of the of-fences mentioned in the said act, or in this present act, before fenderslnthe any magi (Irate or magistrates, just ice or justices of the peace, in recited or pre- that part of Great Britain called Scotland, such conviction shall Cent aft. proceed and be drawn up in the form commonly used and practised before such magistrates or justices of the peace, in convictions for other offences of the like nature; any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Where the IX. And whereas it may happen, that the magistrates of same magistrates of of the cities or boroughs in that part of Great Britain called Scot--yotv or may neglect to execute the powers committed to them, of

lea°t^ir^Cuty ^ett^nS an<* appointing the assize of bread, within their respective in setting the7 cities and boroughs; be it therefore enacted by the authority a-due assize of foresaid. That in case of such neglect of the magistrates of any luck bread, city or borough, to set an assize of bread, or to alter any former assize set by them by a new assize, when such alteration in the price of wheat or other grain shall occur as is sufficient to authorize an alteration of the last assize of bread according to the said act, it shall and may be lawful fof any two or more of the justices of the peace, of the county within which such city or borough lies, to require the chief magistrate of such city or bo-Jet or alter the rough> by a writing under their hands, to set the assize of bread, ferae; or to alter any former assize of bread, according as the case shall

and on their occur; and in case such chief magistrate, or the other mari-neglect to strates of the said city or borough, mall refuse or neglect, forme ^ithP within*"Pace ten days a^ter requisition, to set such assize, or to 10 days, they alter any assize then in force, when the alteration of the price of then settle wheat or other grain does permit the same, then and in every assize such case any two or more justices of the peace of such county shall have power, and are hereby authorized, after taking proof of the prices of the several kinds of grain, ' meal, or flour, in manner above directed, to set, ascertain and appoint, an assize of bread for such city or borough, which shall remain in full force until altered by the magistrates thereof, or, in case of their neglect, by any two or more of the said justices of peace.

The recited X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ad, where not every clause, matter, and thing, contained in the aforesaid act of ahered by this the thirty-first year of his late Majesty's reign, shall remain and ^'andbrin continue in full force, in that part of the kingdom of Great Bri-force within tain called Scotland, except in so far as t^/Yame is altered by this ScotUud. ad.

justices of the county, &c. may require them to

themselves.

CAP. 

7 63-]

Anno tertio Georgii III. 0.7, 8.

249

CAP. VII.

in act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

The same as in the last year. v. 2 Geo. 3. c. 2.

CAP. VIII.

An act to enable such officers, mariners, and soldiers,j have been in the land or sea-service, 0r7* /£* marines, since the twenty- second year of his late majesty King George the Second, to exercise trades.

W'HEREAS there bath been, and are, divers officers, mariners, Gamble.

soldiers, W marines, who have served his late Majesty,

Hr present Majesty, /# the late wars by sea and land, same of which are men that ujed trades, others that were apprentices to trades, who bad not served out their times, and others, who by their own industry, have made themselves apt and fit for trades: many of which, the wars being now ended, twwjy willingly employ themselves in those trades which they were formerly accustomed to, or which they are apt or able to follow and make use of for the getting their living by their own labour, but are or maybe hindered from exercising those trades in certain i\ties and corporations, and other places within this kingdom, because of certain by-laws and customs of those places, and of the Statute made tn the fifth year of queen Elizabeth, prohibiting the use of certain -trades by any person who hath not served as an apprentice to such'trade for the /pace ofseven years: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the Kingys most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament qjsembled, and by the authority of the same, That all such officers, ^J^r8f0|T, a' mariners, soldiers, and marines, who have been at any time cm- diersf and nia-ployed in the service of his late Majesty, or of his present Ma jdty, nines! who since the twenty-ninth day of November, in the year of our Lord have been at one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and have not since a^y time cm* deserted the said service; and also the wives and children of such 'service

officers, mariners, soldiers, and marines; may set up and exercise (ince 19. Bov. such trades as they are apt and able for, in any town or place 1748, and within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, without any let, suit or molestation, of any person or persons whatsoever, for ^u<Vthe wive*' or by reason of the using of such trade; nor shall such officers, and children mariners, soldiers, or marines, or their wives or children, dur- of such, are ing the time they shall exercise such trades, be removeable from authorized to such re(pe<ftive place or places, to his, her, or their last legal Jrcife tradw* place of settlement, by virtue of any law now in being relative to within any the settlement of the poor, until such person or persons shall be- parrs of Great come actually chargeable to such parish or place; and if any such or., officer or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers, marine out lett; or marines, or the wife or child of any such officer, manner, soldier, or marine, who shall be sued, impleacted, or indicted in bci^Hible^o any court whatsoever, within this kingdom, for using or exer- ?cmoved cifingany such trades as aforesaid, then the said officer or officers, from thence

mariner to their last

250 Anno tertio Georgii III. c.8. [1763.

legal place of mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers, marine or marines, of settlement, any wife or child Gf any such officer, mariner, soldier, orma- oome actually nnc, ma^ng it appear to the same court, where they are so sued, chargeable to impleacted, or indisted, that they have served his late or present the parish 3 Majesty as aforesaid, or that he, (he, or they, is or are the wifeor and if sued, wives, child or children, of such officer or officers, mariner or ma-upon pleading oners, soldier or soldiers, marine or marines, win) shall have so issue^they1 ^erve^ his late or prefeftt Majesty, shall, upon the general issue shall be acquit* pleacted, be found not guilty in any plaint, bill, information or ted, indictment, exhibited against them3 and such persons who not-

withstanding this act, shall prosecute the fold soit, by bill, plaint, information, or indictment, and shall have a verdict pass against him, or become nonsuit therein, or discontinue their said suit, such person or persons shall pay unto such officer or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers, marine or marines, or the wife or child of such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, and be paid respectively, double costs of suit, to be recovered as any other double cofoof c°fts at common iaw may be recovered; and all judges and ju-U1 # rors, before whom any such suit, information, or indictment, shall

be brought, and all other persons whatsoever, are to take notice of this present act, and shall conform themselves thereto j any Statute, law, ordinance, custom, or provision, to the contrary ini any wise notwithstanding.

Where any II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That two justices^shall and may be lawful for any two or more justices of the orVlace^here Peace ^or t*ic county, town, or place, where any Rich officer, they shall so mariner, soldier, or marine, shall set up and exercise any trade set up, shall as aforesaid, to cause such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, summon^them to be summoned before them in the town or place where such denceCasVto °cer> mariner, soldier, or marine, shall set up and exercise such the place of trade as aforesaid, in oyder to make oath of the place of his last their lait legal legal settlement (which oath the said justices are hereby impow-ffettleroent, ered to administer) and such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, they shall are hereby directed to obey such summons, and to make oath ac-

makeoath ac- cordingly 3 and such Justices are hereby required to give an at-cordmgly j tested copy of such affidavit so made before them, to the person making the same, in order that he may produce it when required3 cMvi^tKof which attested copy shall at any time be admitted as evidence as shall be given to such last legal settlement, before any of his Majesty's justices them, of the peace at any general or quarter sessions of the peace,

which shall be admitted as evidence at the quarter sessions |

and if sura- III. Provided always, That in case any such officer, mariner,

I"oned again, soldier, or marine, (nail again be fuftimoned to make oath as te obbgedTo then on fuefh attested copy of the oath by him for-

take a fresh merly taken being produced by him or by any other person on oath, but his behalf, such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, shall not produce the be obliged to take any other or further oath with regard to his tevTaVopv legal settlement, but (nail leave a copy of such attested copy of his thereof. examination, if required.

Privileges of IV. Provided always, That this act shall not in any wise be thV^° Uni* prejudicial to the privileges of the universities of Cambridge and fovea!*rC* Oxford, or either of them 3 or extend to give liberty to any person

to

Dogle

63.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.9.

> fct up the trade of a vintner, or tQ fell any wine or other li-iots within the said universities without licence first had and itamed from the vice-chancellor of the same respectively.

CAP. IX.

fs act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victuallings and transport bills, and ordnance debentures 5 and for charging the payment of such annuities on the sinking fund; and making good the same to the said funds in manner therein mentioned.

Most gracious sovereign,

ilTE, your Majeshft mofi dutiful and loyal subjetls, the commons preamble. of Great Britain, in parliament assembledy have taken into our rious confederation, that notwithstanding the great supplies which ove been granted for carrying on the war, several debts and deficients remain unprovided for, particularly upon account of bills payable in 9urfe of the navy and victualling offices, and for transports, made out n or before the thirty-first day ^December, one thousandsevenhun-M and sixty two, to the amount of three millions seventy five thousand three hundred and ftxteen pounds, and three pence; and upon ae-sunt of debentures payable out of the office of ordnance, which were hied on or before the said thirty-first day ef December, one thousand (rm hundred and sixty-two, amounting to five hundred ninety five thafand four hundred and twenty-three pounds, two shillings, ana five tmu: and your Majesty's faithful commons being fully sensible how highly it concerns the honour of your MayejWs government, and thf pubtici credit of this kingdom, that tkeearuefi pojftble provision Should be mode for discharging those debts, and /applying those deficiencies which have beat controlled and incurred in the prosecution of the late hazardous and expenftve, but no less glorious and fuctefsful wary have refobed, in order to make provision forJatisfying all such bills and debentures, to give andgrant unto your Majesty such Jupply as is herein after mentioned, for paying (in lieu of all other interest) an mterefi er annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, by halfyearly payments, to commence from the tzuenty-fifth day of March, m thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, for and in respect of the [urns payable on the said navy, viCtuallheg, and transport bills, and the, mterefi thereupon, and also for the fttms payable on the said debentures,

Until such annuities ftxdl be redeemed and paid off, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly befetcb your Majofty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with tlx advice and consent of the lords fpititual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the annuities which by this act shall Atimiirie* be granted and made payable, for and in respect of the bills pay- granted by able in course of the navy and victualling offices, and for trans-this a^-ports, and for the debentures payable out of his Majesty's office of ordnance, which were respectively made out or dated on or before the thirty-first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, until the redemption of such annuities by

252 Anno tertio Georgii III. c.9. [J7^3->

parliament in manner hereafter mentioned, shall, front and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and payable out of sixty-three, be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the sinking the monies, which from and after the said twenty-fifth day of fund. March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, shall, from

time to time, arise and be in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, of or for the furpJufles, excesses, or overplus monies, commonly called \he sinking fund (after paying or reserving sufficienr to pay all such sums of money, as have been directed by any former act or a6fr of parliament, to be paid out of the same) bc'^laceJt0 anc* ^at ^ums ^ue(* out the said monies commonly out olthenext called the fimking fundy shall be, from time to time, replaced and aids. made good out of the next aids to be granted in parliament, in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

The bills or n. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That be ddfreraitolt an<* may lawful to and for any person or persons, na-the treasurers tives, or foreigners, bodies politick, or corporate, who shall be of the respec- possessed of, interested in, or entituled unto* any bill or bills, tlvf^ces> on payable in course out of his Majesty's offices of the navy or 55^1763. vi«ualhng, or for transports, or any debenture or debentures payable out of his Majesty's office of ordnance, which were respectively made out or dated in the said respective offices, on or before the thirty-first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, to deliver such bill or bills, debenture or debentures, to the respective treasurers of the said offices, to be marked, cancelled, and certified, in such manner as is herein after mentioned, at any time on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and at such place or places as shall have been appointed, by notice given in the London Gazette, and other publick papers, for that purpose.

and the inter- III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-eft upon the nty aforesaid. That the interest which shall become due on the rin^smd al" twenty-fifth day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred transport and sixty-three, for and in respect of such of the said navy, vic-bills, is to be tualling, and transport bills, as bear an interest, shall be commarked at the puted and marked upon the said bills, at the navy or vi<Shialling Seforede^rS> °ce respectively, before the same are delivered to the treasurer thereof to the* Majesty's navy; and the proper officer and officers of his

treasurer of Majesty'9 navy office, and victualling office respectively, is and the navy j are hereby authorized and required, to compute and mark the interest as aforesaid, upon every such bill, which shall be tendered to him or them for that purpose. and the bills IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, <0 delivered in That it shall and may be lawful to and for the treasurer of his arC kin* A Majesty's navy for the time being, to take in and receive from wncelledbv artd evci7 P^fonor persons, natives or foreigners, bodies po-him j*^ litick or corporate, who is, are, or shall be, possessed of, interested in, or intituled unto, any such navy, victualling or transport bills, all the said bills, which any such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, shall, on or before the said twenty-

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.9.

fifth 4ay Marchy one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, deliver to such treasurer; and the said treasurer, or his pay-master andcaftiier, is and are hereby authorized and required to mark and cancel every such bill; and certify the same, together with the amount of the interest which shall have been computed and marked as aforesaid upon such of the said bills as bear an interest, to the governor and company of the bank of England \ and that it also shall and may be lawful to and for the treasurer of his Majesty's office of ordnance in like manner to take in all such debentures payable out of the said office of ordnance, which, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, shall be delivered to him; and the said last mentioned treasurer, or his deputy, is hereby authorized and required to cancel the same, and certify every such debenture to t{ic said governor and company of the bank of England.

V. And be if further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, who shall deliver any such bill or bills, debenture or debentures, to the said respective treasurers as aforesaid, shall, for the principal sum or sums contained in every such bill or bills, and also for the interest which shall have been computed and marked as aforesaid upon such of the said bills as bear an interest, and also for the principal sum or sums contained in every such debenture or debentures, be respectively intituled to, and have an annuity after the said rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said twenty-fifth day of Morchy one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and to be paid and payable to such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or such as he, (he, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their executors, administrators, fucceuors, or assigns respectively, until the redemption thereof by parliament, in manner herein after mentioned; which said annuity shall be payable half-yearly at two of the most usual days of payment in the year (that is to say) the twenty-ninth day of Septembery and the twenty-fifth day of March; the first payment thereof to become due on the twenty-ninth day of Septembery one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three; and that all persons and corporations intituled to any such annuity or annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, and all persons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeafable estates and interests in the said annuities, according to the tenor and true meaning of this avft, and shall be poftelkd thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be dependable to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impolitions whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the delivering in of every such navy, victualling, or

transport

*53

and certified, together with the interefi, to the bank.

Treasurer of the ordnance office to cancel the debentures in like manner, and certify the same to the bank.

Proprietors of the said bills and debentures intirled to an annuity thereon, after the rate of 4I. per cent, per ann. to commence as March, 1763 5

and to be paid half-yearly; viz. on 10 Sept, and 15 March:

the same to be deemed a personal ellate j

and to be tax-free.

Therefpetfive treasurers of the navy and

254 Anno tertio GEORGII .III c.9. [1763:

ordnance are transport bill, by any pcrlbn or persons, bodies politick or oor-fic^teVfor the P01^* treasurer of his Majesty's navy, or his paymaster and

principal sums shall, and they are hereby authorised and required forth-

in the said with to give a certificate signed by him or them, for the princi-

bill* and de- pal sum or sums contained in every such bill; and also for the

for'theT'* andntcrc^ which shall have been computed and marked as afore-terest due on to be <*ue on t^'e Wd twenty-fifth day of Marchy one % $ March, thousand seven hundred and sixty-tnree, upon such of the said

>763* bills as bear an interest, to such person or persons, bodies poli-

tick or corporate, or his, her, or their assigns; and that upon the delivering in by any person or persons, bodies politick or cor-

Sorate, of every such debenture or debentures, the treasurerof his lajesty's office of ordnance, or his deputy, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to give a certificate signed by the said treasurer or deputy, for the principal (urn or sums contained in every such debenture, to such perron or per-which may be fons, bodies politick or corporate, or his, her, or their assigns; a (signed by and all such certificates shall be assignable by indorsement there-

indorlenient Upon made at any time before the twenty-ninth day of Septem-mj^bcldre one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and no longer;9 Sept. 1761. and all such certificates and assignments thereupon shall not be Principal and charged with any stamp duties whatsoever; and that the interest 1Dt*reit to be so computed and marked on every such bill bearing interest as ther andgC aforesaid, shall be added to the principal sum contained in every made one sum such hill, and the amount of such principal and interest, or the of in the bills amount of the sum contained in every such bill not bearing in-and deben- terect, and in every such debenture respectively certified in man-turcs- ner before directed, shall be the principal sums for which the

person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, delivering such bills or debentures, shall be intituled to an annuity after the said rate of four pounds per centum per annum.

Guardians VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority and trustees aforesaid. That if any infants shall, by the gift, devise, or de-fordinfentsUP cca^e tb© parent or other relation or such infants, or other-fuchbilis or wife, become intituled to any of the said bills or debentures, in debentures as such case the guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees of such they are in- infant or infants, shall or may be, and he, (he, or they is or muled to, in arc hCTtby impowered, for the benefit of such infant or infants, o?the said*an-to deliver up to such respective treasurers all such of the said bills nuity. or debentures to which such infant or infants shall be so intituled; and such infant and infants, guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, delivering up such bills or debentures, shall be intituled to such an annuity as aforesaid; and the said guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, shall be discharged from the same; any thing herein contained, or any law, usage, or custotn to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Executors and VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho-rruitecs of rJty aforesaid. That any person or persons who, as executor to, liver up° in or administrator, trustee, committee of an ideot or lunatick, like manner, or persons of unfound mind, depositary or mortgagee, shall stich bills or be or become possessed of? intereste4 ip> or intituled untq

pny

L*oo<

763 Anno tertio Gf.orgii III. c.9.

iy otf the Aid bills or debentures, shall and may deliver up ich bills or debentures as they shall be so possessed of, interested i, ok intituled unto, such refpcAive treafurars as aforesaid j and s to executors or administrators, the annuities which they tall be intituled to in respect of the Aid bills or debentures so by ico*. delivered up, shall be the same ailets in their hands, as te (said bills or debentures were, or would have been, had they ot fcaeen so delivered up for such annuity as aforefitid; and as to rust^cs', committees, depositaries, and mortgagees, the annuity >hu=h they shall be intituled unto for or in respect of such trull, k mortgaged bills or debentures, which they shall so deliver of to such respective treasurers as aforesaid, shall be (ubjeft and Sable to the same trulls and equity of redemption, as such bills nr debentures were, or would have been, had they not been so delivered up for such annuity as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and company of the bank of England^ and their (ucceflors, or fitch person or persons as they mall appoint for that purpose, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required to take in and receive all and every of thecertificates to be made out in lien of the said bills and debentures as afore-Aid, in pursuance of the directions of this act; and upon the receipt of every such certificate shall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith to give credit in a book or books to be prepared for that purpose, for the principal sums contained in every such certificate so brought to him or them as aforesaid; and the persons, bodies politick or corporate, to whose credit such principal sums shall be entered in the Aid book or books, his, her or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, (have, pr proportion thereof to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpose; and the said governor and company for the time being shall al(b, on or before the twenty-fourth day of Jwe> one thousand seven hundred and Axty-four, tranirnit an attested duplicate fairly written on paper, of the said book or books first herein Wore mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

X. And, for the more easy and fore payment of the annuities cflabiilhed by this act j it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their foccefiors, shall, from time to time, until the said annuities shall be redeemed according to this act, appoint and employ one or more sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London, to be their cKiet or foil cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person within the lame office to be their accomplant-general; and that so much of the monies from time to time, and at any time, arising or be-

ing

255

debentures as they are thereby respectively intituled to $ th.e annuities to be the same assets.

and liable to the same trusts, as the bills, &c.

Bank to take in the certificates.

and give credit in proper books for the sums contained therein,

which may be transferred.

Duplicate of the said book to betranf-mitted into the office of the auditor of the exchequer.

Bank to appoint one or more chief cashiers.

and an ac-

coinptant-ge-

neral.

Treasury to itfae the monies out of the sinking fund or payment of the said annuities, to the said chief carrier

by way of

imprest.

who is to pay

the same accordingly.

Accomptant general to in-5pe& all receipts and payments.

Monies converted into the annuities to be deemed one capital or joint nock, carrying 4I. per cent interect, transferable.

Alignments and transfers to be entered and figred,

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.g. [17^,

ing in the receipt of the exchequer of or for the surplusles, ex-cestes, or overplus monies commonly called The Sinking Fund, as shall be fumcient from time to time to answer the half-yearly payments of the said annuities, and other payments directed by this act be made, shall (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such sums of moneys as, before the passing of this act, shall have been directed by any other act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the said rimd) by order of the commilTtoners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for4he time being, without any further or other warrant, to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, be issued and paid at the said receipt of exchequer, to the said firil or chief camier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucccflors for the time being, by way of imprest, and upon account, for the payment of the said annuities; and that such cashier or cashiers to whom the said monies shall, from time to time, be issued, shall, from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer,'-

XI. And it is hereby also enacted. That the said accomptant-general for the time being, shall, from time to time, inspect and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or caihiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies intended to be converted into annuities by virtue of this act, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be, one capital or joint (lock, on which the said annuities, after the said rate of four pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending 5 and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money which he, (he, or they shall be intituled to as aforesaid, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said (lock, and in the annuity attending the same, at the rate aforesaid; and that the said whole capital or joint (lock, or any share or intereil therein, and the proportional annuity attending the lame, shall be assignable and transferrable as this act dirests, rod not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept in the office of the said accomptant-general for the time being within the city of London, a book or books, wherein all afligmnents or transfers of the said whole capital or joint (lock, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the same, at the rate aforesaid, shall be entered ana registered; which entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers; or, it any such party or parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witoestes; and that the person or persons to

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.9. 257

whom such transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of aligning or transferring the said flock, and the annuities attending the lame, or any part thereof, or any interest and to be free therein, shall be good and available in law; and that no ftatnp °/stamP du-duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers, or anytie*' of them.

XIII. Provided always, That all persons possessed of any Annuities share or interest in the said joint flock of annuities, or any

estate or interest therein, may devise the lame by will in writing* y

attested by. two or more credible witnesses; but that no pay- tobcca-ment shall be made upon any such devise, until so much of the tered' said will as relates to such estate, share or interest, be entered in the said office j and that in default of such transfer or devise, stich share, estate, or interest, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and alfigns.

XIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the

bank of England, and their successors (notwithstanding the re- to co°-demption of all or any of their own funds in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or any of them) shall continue a demption of corporation for the purposes of this act, till all the said annuities the annuities, shall be redeemed by parliament; and the said governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not ineur any durability for or by season of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this adh

XV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid* fee to be That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded maner^ce?. or taken for computing and marking the interest on the said fary to be bills, or for receiving, taking in, or cancelling, the said bills or done, debentures, or any of them, or for granting certificates in lieu

thereof, as aforesaid, or for issuing the monies for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fee, reward, or gratuity, contrary to this act, shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party grieved 5 on^penalty of to be recovered with full costs of suit, by action of debt, bill,° plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at JVeflminJier, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction* or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Treasury m-aforesaid, That the of of the treasury, or any three thorized to or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three &yt awards or more of the of of the treasury for the time being, p°j£d?and to shall have power, and they are hereby authorized to reward all pay incident such persons as shall be any ways employed in the execution of charges, Sec. this act, for their service, pains, and labour, 1 and also to defray

such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the same, out Vol. XXV. S of

i$8 Anno tertio Georgii III. C.$: [x 763.

of she said fuipluflcs, cxccfles, or overphfc monies; and aUb to appoint such allowances as they shall think proper, out of the said surpluslfes, excesses, or overplus monies, for the service, ... pains, and labour, of the calhidr or cashiers of the said governor

in SK and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and the officers of accounting for the said annuities, made payable by this act; the bank, to and also for the service, pains, and trouble, of the accomptant Sc1* governor and company, for performing the

governor and dutynd trust incumbent on him by this act; all which affow-company. ances hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Money issued XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, for the pur- That the several sums of money which shall, from time to time, poses ot this jflfued and applied by virtue of this act, out of the said sinking fond? mon*es composing the said fund, commonly called Tie Sinking to be replaced Fund, for payment of the said annuities, and for rewards, indent of the dent charges, allowances, and in discharge of any other expences

next supplies. hereby authorized to be paid, shall, from time to time, be made good, and replaced by and out of the supplies to be granted in the next session of parliament, after such issues and applications shall be refoeftively made.

Clause of re- XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority demption. aforesaid, That at any time upon six months notice to be printed in

the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London\ and upon repayment, by parliament, of the prinripal film for which the said annuities are established (by payments not being less than five hundred thousand pounds at one time) in such manner as shall be directed by any future act or acts of parliament in that behalf; and also upon full payment of all arrearages of the same annuities; then, and not till then, such and so much of the said annuities as shall be attending on the principal (urns lb paid off, shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any vote or resolution of the house of commons, signified by the speaker in writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforesaid, shall be' deemed and adjudged to be sufficient notice within the words and meaning of this act.

Limitation of

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, actions. That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or General lffiie. thing therein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his and their defence; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discon-tinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judgment shall be

*7^S-3 Anno tertio Georgii III, c.io. ?59

given against him or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then Treble costa, mch defendant or defendants shall have treble coils to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. X.

jfn act for applying the money granted in ibis session of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, t

far one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one f boufandseven hundred and sixty three, and for appointing a time and place for exercising the militia in the said year.

WHEREAS the sum of one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, Preamble* has been granted to his Majesty^ for defraying the charge of pay and clothing for the militia, for one year , from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty three: in order therefore that the charge of pay and clothing for such militia may he duly and properly defrayed and satisfied; be it enacted by the .King's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in every county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia is or shall raised, the receiver or receivers general of the land tax, of such shallberaised, county, riding, or place respectively, shall ifiiie and pay the the receiver-whole sums required, in the manner and for the several uses general of the herein after mentioned; that is to say, for the pay of the said ^months militia for four calendar months in advance, at the rate of fix pay ad. shillings a day for each adjutant, where an adjutant is appoint- yance, accord-©d; and at the rate of one shilling for each serjeant, with the ad-ng to the dition of two shillings and six pence a week for each fer- «ft*bli(hniwt jeant-major, where a serjeant-major is appointed; and at the set^downj rate of sixpence a day for each drummer, with the addition of six pence a day for each drum-mayor, where a drum-major is appointed; and also at the rate of six pence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, of independent company of militia, one penny whereof shall be applied to defraying the hospital expences of each regiment, battalion, or independent company, during the time of the mens being from home, upon account of their annual exercise; and also for half a year's salary with half a for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia^elonging^Yhe^1^ to such county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty pounds a menu/and year; and also for the respective allowances to the clerk of the battalion general meetings, and clerks of the several subdivision meetings, clerks; at the rates following; that is to say, to the cleik of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each meet- the c?erk$ of ing; and to the several clerks of the (ubdivision meetings, at the general the rate of one pound one shilling for each meeting; and also and fubdi-for the doathing of the militia for such county, riding, or place, m€C* after the rate of three pounds ten shillings for each serjeant, and in*

S a $wo

t.6o Anno tertio Georgii III. c.io. [1763*:

and pay for two pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound ^or each fejeant-majorjand each drum-major; and with respect e to the private militia men, where the militia hath been em-

bodied, or having not been embodied, hath not been cloathed within three years, at the rate of one pound ten shillings for each private man.

The above H. provided nevertheless, That in any county, riding, or to^apaid°if P*ace> w^erc pay has not been yet issued for the militia, no pay pay has not shall be issued until his Majesty's lieutenant, or, in his absence, before been any three deputy lieutenants, of any such county, riding, or issued, till the place, shall have certified to the of of his Majesty's depuriwfcaU trea^ury> and to the receiver-general of the land tax, that three have certified fifths of the number of private militia men of such county, rid-to the treafo- ing, or place, have been inrolled, and that three fifths of the ry andre- proportion of their commission*officers have accepted their raUhe mrol- Comm*fli°nss and entered their qualifications as by law required, ment of three fifths of the men and officers.

The money III. And be it enacted, That all such sums of money afore-b ^hel-e^ fincl* except such as shall be due to the several clerks of the ceiver general meetings aforesaid, shall, where the militia has never been em-to the derk of bodied, be paid by the said receiver or receivers-general of the the regiment land tax, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments fexce1 ^th" or ^attafi°ns militia belonging to such county, riding, or allowances^o place, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or war-the clerks of rants or appointment to such office, under the hand and seal of the meetings) his Majesty's lieutenant for such respective county, riding, or unnn ru-rvhir. pjace. an(j where the has been embodied, into the

hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments or battalions, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, under the hand and seal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion respectively, notwithstanding such militia shall have been disembodied; and where the militia shall be formed into an independent company, or independent companies, fufch sums as aforesaid shall be paid by the said receiver or receivers-general of the land tax, into the hands of the respective captain of each independent company of militia, or to such person as such respective captain shall authorize to receive the same, according to the number of persons hereby intituled to receive pay and cloathing, of which such regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions independent company or independent companies, shall have been appointed to consist, ac-the Vaftfeifion. cording to the establishment laid down in an act passed in the last femon of parliament, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being re-, la ting to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great mentis aUb^" Brita*n ca^d England; and such receiver or receivers-general to be made of the land tax (nail also, within fourteen days after the expira-within three tien of the third calendar month from the time of the said first

Sefirtt.a, tef.payment.

upon produo ing the warrant of his appointment \

and for independent companies, to the respective captains, or to their order $

: ording the e ft abh foment laid down in the mititia act of

1763.] Anno tcrdo Georgii III. c.xo. i6t

payment, make a second payment for four calendar months in and a third advance; and shall also, within fourteen days after the expira- withm three tien of the third calendar month from the time of the said fe- the feconcL^ cofid payment, make a third payment for four calendar months in advance, for the pay and contingent expences of the militia, %

and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein before mentioned; receipts of and the receipts of such clerk or clerks, and of such captain 6fthe persons to an independent company or captains of independent compa- l^ajj ni*s, or of such person or persons as such captain or captains befo'paid, shall so authorize to receive such money as aforesaid, shall be a discharge the sufficient discharge to such receiver or receivers-general of the receivers ge-land tax for the several sums of money so by him or them paid. ncraI#

IV. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or The regimen* battalion of militia shall forthwith, after the receipt of such sums ^J.and ba£ of tnoney as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one calendarn

month's pay in^ advance to the adjutant of such raiment or advance one battalion reipedively, and to the captain or commanding officer month's pay of jeach company belonging to such regiment or battalion twoto the a°Ju" months pay in advance for the serjeants, drummers, and the JjJjJd \ months contingent expences of his respective company; out of which pay to each said contingent money each captain shall pay to the command- captain, for irig officer of each regiment or battalion one penny a month ftricants» for each private man and drummer, for the defraying the ex*- andcontm-pences of the hospital; and also to the commanding officer of gent expences the company to which the ferieant-major and drum-major shall of the said belong, two months pay in advance for such serjeant and drum- company; major 5 and so from time to time so long as any money on that account shall remain in his hands: which pay every such cap- p^r

tain or commanding officer is hereby required to distribute to month out of each person belonging to his company, by this act intituled tothc contin-receive the same, as it shall become due; and shall, once inf^}°ncy* every year, give in to the clerk of the regiment or battalion to charges of which such company shall belong, or, if captain of an indepen- the Hospital dent company, to the receiver-general, an account of the leve- and for the ral payments he shall have made in pursuance of this act, ac- ^rujT^ cording to the following form: major 5 to be

paid to the

commanding officer of the company to which they belong*captains to distribute the pay accordingly; and account for the same yearly to the clerk or receiver general, if an in* dependent company, according to the following form

S 3 County

v

Anno tertio GboroiI III. c.jo.

Cr7^S*

*6z

County of Dr.

To calli received of Mr.^ regimental or battalion clerk, or re- i ceiver-general, as th* case /ball be, for two 1 months pay in advance;

Per Contra

Cr.

t for from the /

the of C

\ajor (if 7

Pany) J for -! : he I

o, _i

l the f

} \

Paid serjeant for days pay from of to the following Ditto as serjeant-major (if one in the company)

Paid serjeant for days pay from the of to the following -Paid drummer days at 6 d. from of to the following -Ditto as drum-major (if?

one in the company) J Paid drummer days from the of to the of following Two months contigen-cies for men and

two drummers at 6 d.

nd pay backr month each-----

monies in his And (halt pay back ter the said clerk, or to the receiver-general, hands, except as the case thall be, the surplus (if any) of the money by him the contm- from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands pe^Vhicbis (excePt the money by this act allowed for contingent expences) to be account- which shall once in every year be accounted for by the captaind for, of each company respectively, in manner aforesaid, and the b»-and applied to lance thereof shall be by him paid into the hands of the derk of fife of there-^regiment or battalion to which such company shall belong, gime.iT, See. to be applied to the general use of the said regiment or best-Captains of talion, as the field officers and captains thereof, or the grafter independent past of them, shall direct; and the captain of each independent Stftnbute^he cotnPany ls hereby required to distribute to each person belong-pay to their ing to his company intitule^ thereto, such money as he shall men, and ap- receive by virtue of this act j and the said money allowed for the ply the mo- contingent expences of each independent company of militia, fo7continKent* respectivety applied to the particular use qt such inde-rxpences; pendent company, by the captain thereof.

Clerk tore- V. And be it enacted, That the said regimental or battalion tain money in clerk, may, and shall retain to his own use out of the money so his hands for by him received, such further sums as shall complete the allow-and Xfchar^e a^ce herein before made for his salary; and such regimental or the cloatfong6 battalion clerk shall pay to such person or persons as shall pro-piU?.'duce an order from the commanding officer of such regiment or battalion, such sums of money as shall be due and owing for or on account of the cloathing of the said regiments or battalions, not exceeding the rates herein before mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when ever his Majesty* lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieutenants, of any SpuUesftiall county, riding, or place, shall have fixed the days of exercise for

When foe lord lieutenants Of

iAnno tertio Georgii III* c.io.

the militia* he or they shall, as (bon as may be, certify the same to the receiver-general of such county, riding, or place, (pecify-ing the number of man* and the number of days such men are to be absent horn hqipc on, account of such exercise; and fuqh receiver-general is hereby required, within fourteen days after tha receipt of such certificate, to issue and pay to the clerk of the (eventl regiments or battalions, or to the captains of the independent copqxmies, as the case shall be, at the rate of three shillings and 6* pence per day fqr each lieutenant, and of three shillings pir day for oacheofign j and also at the rate of one shilling per day for each private militia man, with the addition of six pence per day for each corporal of the militia, £o to be called out to ex-Atcife, for the number of days such officers and men shall be absent fromthome on account of such exercise; and the said regimental or battalion clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay to each captain of the said regiments or battalions, the proportion of pay belonging to their refce&ive companies.

who is to pay over the same to the re/J>e£Uve

VII. And be it further emusted, That the captain of each company shall make up an account of all monies received and paid by him on account of such exercise, according to the following form:

Canty of Dr.

To case received of the regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver-general, oj the f iafgJbaU ie.for days pay of men

Per Cmdra Paid

Cr.

263

have fixed the days of exercise, they are to certify the same to the receiver-general, specitying the number ot men, and days they feajl be ahfent from home; receiver-general to issue thereupon pay fdt officers and men to the regimental clerk* See.

captains. Captains to make up their account according to the following form;

militia men*] days

Paid additional pay to corporals days

If.

d.

which account shall be signed by the said captain, and coun- to be signed terfigned by the commanding officer j and such captain shall, by them, and within ten days after the time of such exercise, deliver such account, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the regi- landing of-xqental or battalion derk; or, if captain of an independent ficer, . company, to the receiver-general: and such accounts shall be and delivered, allowed as sufficient vouchers in the passing of the accounts Of Hunce^to the such receiver-general, as the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer. q\ct^ ° C or receiver-general. Accounts allowed sufficient vouchers.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any paring the regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia is or ^re shall be embodied, and called out into actual service, and there- embodied, by the officers and private militia men are or shall be intituled and called out to the same pay, as the officers and private men in his Majesty's into actual Other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or re- pay as ceivers-general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, King's to which such regiment, battalion, or independent company of other forces, militia shall belong, whether to the adjutants, serjeants, private pay and milkia men, or others; and all money allowed as afarefeid for f^mThcre-the contingent expences of such regiment, battalion, or inde- ceivers-gene*

S 4 pendent ral is to cease.

«<>4

*n<J the cjerks - of the subdivision meeting! upon

i jike order from one deputy lieutenant.

Orders to dif-cfyarge receivers general, {tegiineiital and battalion clerks to give Tecurity for paying and accountingfor the monies received by then* i

the bonds to be lodged with the receivers-gene-rklv a Ad put in suit by them on nonperformance of the condition ;

v and they are intituled thereupon to full coifs and charges, and 51 />«'*' cent, of the money recovered; the refid ue to be accounted for to the auditor.

The regimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independent companies.

Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 10.

Sendent company of militia; and also the allowance to the cfo If such regimerit or battalion; shall, during such time of a tual service, arid until such regiment, battalion, or independe Company shall be disembodied and returned home by order < their commanding officer's, cease and riot be paid.

IX. And be it enaested, That the said reteiver or recoteil of the land tax shall pay to the clerk of the general meeting his allowance, at the rate of five pounds five millings for eacBj meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for*- burpose from his Majesty's lieutenant, or from three A lieutenants assembled at some general meeting or meetings shall also pay to each and every the clerks of the fiibdr meetings their several allowances, at the rate of one pound oat shilling for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders from one or more deputy lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants assembled in the several subdivision meetings; which said order or orders shall be to the said receiver or receivervge-neral of the land tax, a fufbdent discharge for the payment of (rich allowances, ai>dbe allowed in his or their account.

X. Provided always, end be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia, shall give security to the receiver or receivers-general of the land tax, of the county, riding or place, to which such regiment or battalion shall belong, by a bond tb his Majestjf in the penalty of one half of the sum required for the whole year's charge of the regiment or battalion} of militigL tp which such clerk- (hah belong, for duly answering and paying such sums as hie shall, from time to time, have received, and for duly accounting for the fames and for performance of the trust hereby in; him reposed $ which kid bond shall be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivdrs-general of the land tax, for the respective county, riding or place, who in case the said regimental or battalion clerk, shall ndt duly perform the conditions comprised in the said bond, shall, and is hereby required forthwith to put the said bond'in suit in the naipe of his Majesty, his heirs, and (riccefibrs; the foil costs arid charges of which salt, in case judgment shall be given ^gainst such regimental or battalion clerk, shall be paid by him to the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, who shall likewise be intituled to, ana receive to his or their own use, at the rate of five pounds per centum out of all such monies as" (hill be by him or them recovered thereon; and shall account for the residue thereof with the proper auditor of his Majesty's revenue; the said receiver or receivers-general of the land tax charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the next accAmt of the land tax to be by him or them passed.

XI. And be it ena<2ed, That the clerk of every regiment or battalion of militia, and the captain of every independent company of militia, in every county, riding, and place within the part of Great Britain a tore said, shall, between the twenty-fifth day of Marche and the twenty-fourth day of June, one thaufend feveri hundred and sixty^ur, deliver to the receiver orrt-

ceivers

y£>3'] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.ro.

eivers-general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, «re to deliver o which such'regiment, battalion, or independent company " «count*of hall bdong, a fair account in writing, of all monies by him and^dCburfe-'eccaved and disbursed for the service of the preceding year, in menu, pursuance of this act, with proper vouchers for the same; and pay over and shall pay back to the said receiver or receivers-general of the the balance land tax, any surplus of such monies that shall then be ip his c^generalV hands ? which said accounts signed by such regimental or bat-who are to*talion clerk, or by such captain of an independent company transmit the respectively, shall be transmitted by the said receiver or receivers- a5cou"1t^"5. general of the land tax, into the office of the proper auditor of ltort his Majesty's revenue.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties. Recovery of all costs and charges of suit, and all sums of money for which Penal*c, »^any person br persons is or are by this act made answerable,

may, and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, wager at law, or protection, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee or gra- No fee pay*,

tuky whatsoever, shall be given or paid for or upon account ofblc any any warrant or sum of money which shall be raued in relation money to, or in pursuance of, this act.*issued in pur!7

fuance of this act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, any officers on

person being on half-pay, and serving in the militia, shall and"h^f.P*X, fcnr*

may, and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the sub-

fiftence money by this act directed to be paid to lieutenants or receive' the

ensigns; and the receiving and taking such subsistence-money subsistence

by any such lieutenant or ensign, shall not be deemed a recdv- money paya-

mg or taking pay, so as in any manner to prevent such personon

hdf-pay receiving his half-pay; and such person shall take the

following oath before some justice of thie peace, who is hereby theyvtaking

Impowered to administer the same; the following

r oath before

I A. B. do /wear, That I had not, between the any place

or employment of profit civil or military under his Majesty, besides 1 my allowance of half-pay as a reduced in late

regiment of save and except my subsistence as a lieutenant or

ensign, as the case may be, for serving in the militia of the county

f''

and th? taking the said oath shall be sufficient to intitle such person to receive his half-pay, without taking any other oath; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas by an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one oft of parliament., the several laws in being, relating to theraifing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; it is enacted. That his Jdajesty's lieutenant of every county, riding, and place, together with any two or more deputy

lieutenants.

o66

Lord lieutenant to ap-

point, on or before 30 April, the times and places of exercise 5

and on his default, three deputy lieute* nants may ap*

point the same*

V

Anno tertio G&okqu IIL c.ti. [1763.

lieutenants, and on the death 01 removal, or, in the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, shall meet annually on the last Tuesday. in May, or on the last Tuesday in October, as they shall think, most convenient for the due execution of this act, and at a general meeting shall appoint the time and place, or times and places, for the training amt exercising of the militia: and whereas, the appointing the time and place, or times and places, for training and exercising the militia at such general meetings so fixed as aforesaid, may be found inconvenient in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's lieutenant of every county, riding and place, on or before the thirtieth day or April next, to appoint the time and place, or times and paces, for training and exercising* the militia in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three y and in case any such lieutenant shall not appoint the time and place, or tames and places, set training and exercising the militia on or before the said thirtieth day of April, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three a* more deputy lieutenants of any such county, riding, or place, to appoint the time and place, or times and places, for the training and exercising the militia in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three*

Preamble

CAP. XI.

4n alt for explaining and amending an a8 made in the thirty* first year of the reign ef his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the due making of.bread; and to regulate the price and assize* thereof 3 and to tranifh persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread.

WHEREAS the Statute made in the thirty-frfi year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof; and to punish persons who shall adultents meal, flour, or bread; is deficient in several of theproviftens thereby made, when an assize of bread is not set purjuaut to the directions of the said act: For remedy wherein, and in order that makers of bread for sale, and the tellers thereof, may in all places, although the assize of bread shall at any time not be set, be under due regulations; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and ednferit of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, although no assize of bread shall be set in pursuance of the said act, no loaf or loaves of bread, called or deemed assize to be made at loaf or loaves in the tables of the alfize and price of bread in the same time the said act enacted and referred to, and the weight of which Sace famC varies according to the variation in the price of grain, shall be v wad#

After:

er 1 M^y, i, no af-ilzea and prized bread

1763J A*0 tcr6° Georgii III. c. i r.

rtf

made for bit, fold, or carried out for bit, or be offered or e* posed to or for {ale, or be allowed to be sold in any place, where any loaf or loaves of the bread called or deemed prized loaf or loaves in the said tables of the assize and price of bread, in and by the said acte enacted and referred to, and the price of which varies according to the variation in the price of grain, shall at the same timebe made for sale, or be allowed to be sold; that viz* is to fey, no assize loaves of the price of three pence, and prized loaves called half quartern haves, nor assize loaves of the pricei of six pence, arid prized loaves called quartern loaves, nqr loaves of the price of twelve pence, and prized loaves called half peck loaves, nor assize loaves of the price of eighteen pence* and prized loaves called peck loaves, shall, at the same time, irk any place be made for, sale, fold, or Carried out for sale, prbft offered or exposed to or for sale, or allowed to be sold; that no* wiry pefcfona may not in any wise be imposed on, and prejudiced by buying assize loaves refereed to in the said tables, a* or for prized loaves referred to.in the said tables, or by buying finch prized loaves as or for such assize loaves $ ana

person who shall offend in the premises, and be convidl__________

any such offencein manner hereafter specified, (hull, for every fedrpffence, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding forty shillings* lQU par less than ten (killings, as the justice ov justices before whom any such offender or offenders shall be coovidted, shall, front time to time, adjudge.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That front and after the said first <Uy of May, one thousand sevenJustice*, at any hundred and sixty-three, although no assize of. bread shall ber£cnera, '<l"ar* fst pursuant to the directions of the said act, the juftiqeS of the; peace of every county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, appoint which and place, shall and may, at any general or quarter session of of the fort^of the peace which shall be held withm their respective counties, alfizcorprized tfivisions, cities, towns, liberties, or jurisdictions, or at any oavc, > petty session which shall be held by any such justices within their respective jurisdictions, from time to time, afcprtajn and appoint (as often as they shall think proper) for all or any part of their respective jurisdictions, which of the forts of assize or prized and what loaves shall be allowed from time to time to be made and fold within their respective jurifididtions; and also what other sorts of bread, and of what fort and forts of grain, shall be allowed shall fe made to be made and fold within their respective jurisdictions, or for falei they within any part thereof; and every order which shall be so from caofing an cn* time to time made in or touching the premisses by any such l5ade

justices, shall be entered in a book to be providedand kept for ^ich is'to^ that purpose by such justices, and which book shall and may be free for inlpec-inspected by the makers of bread for sale, within the respective tioa j jurifduftion of any such justices, at all seasonable times in the <by time, and without paying any fee or reward in respect thereof y and after the making every such order by any such ju- anj t copy ftiecs, the justices who shall make the same shall; with all qon- thereof to bs venient speed, cause a copy of every such order to be affixed or put up in some market or other public town within the division

or

2t>8

Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 11.

r^vi

set up in Come or part of the county, riding, liberty, rape, wapentake, atyj or.town, or place, in which such order is to be observed and take

,* rilom nr plfn aunni fnrK niftiriic within thnir rAfnnAiv* inriL

place,

or published

rPl

ithi

Eept between the white and wh eaten

and houshold assize bread j TO.

place: or else every such justices, within their respective juris-didions, shall cause a copy of every such order to be, with all convenient speed after the making thereof respectively, inserted in some public news paper which shall be published in the county, in the country riding; division, liberty, rape, wapentake, city, town, or place, newspapers. Qr fomc part thereof, in which every such order respedivdy is to be observed and take place.

The only forts'III* Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-of afllze bread foresaid. That no justices, within their respective jurisdiction, m*dc ... shall at any time allow the making for sale, or felling, any forts (halTbe allow- azc bread made of the flour or meal of wheat, other than ed. and befldes wheaten and houshold bread, and loaves of white

btead of the price of two pence or under.

Alike propor- - IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That don, as to from and after the said first day of May^ one thousand seven bTfept be-° hundred and sixty-three, although the assize of bread shall not be set pursuant to the said act, every maker of bread for sale shall observe and keep the same or like proportion between white and wheaten bread, and wheaten and houshold assize bread, as wheaten^weight, as is mentioned or intended, enacted and refilled to in die said assize tables; that is to say, every white loaf of the price of two pence, or under, shall always weigh three parts in four of the weight of the wheaten loaf of the like price, Is near as may be; and every wheaten assize loaf of bread, of whatsoever price the same shall be, shall always weigh three parts in four of the weight of every houshold assize loaf of bread of the like price as near as may be; and that apery houshold afliza loaf of bread, of whatever price the same shall be, shall always weigh one third part more than every wheaten af-; size loaf of the like price as near as may be; and every person

who shall make for sale, fell, offer, or expose to or for fade, or have in his or her custody for sale, any loaf of white, wheaten. Or houshold bread, in which the said proportions or regulations shall not be observed and kept, as near as may be, mall, on onpenafty of being convicted of any such offence in manner herein after-forfeiting, not mentioned, forfeit and pay, for every such offence, a sum not cxeee ing+os. cxcecding f0Pty shillings, as the justice or justices before whom any such offender or offenders mall be convicted, shall, from time to time, adjudge.

A proportion V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so^P^h from and after the said first day of Afay, one thousand seven the pede*loaf hundred and sixty-three, although the assize of bread shall not and naif peck) be set pursuant to the said act, every peck, half peck, quarter of and its other a peck, and half quarter of a peck loaf, made for sale, of the meal or flour of wheat, and called wheaten bread, shall always be sold in proportion to each other refoedively, as to price; and that every peck, half peck, quarter of a peck, and half quarter of a peck loaf, made for sale, of the meal or flour of wheat,

Aibdiviflons, both in the wheaten, and ill houshold bread j

and the hous- and called btujbtld bread, shall always he fold in proportion to

each

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.ii.269

each other, and for one fourth less in price than the loaf made hold is to be

forfale with the meal or flour of wheat, called wheaten bread, of°£c

the same denomination 5 and every person who shall in any

wife offend in the premisses, shall for every loaf of either the 9

said wheaten or houshold bread which shall be sold by him or

her, or offered or exposed to or for sale, or found in his or her

custodyfor sale, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this

aft, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor less^Density of

than ten shillings, as the justice or justices before whom any J^e^ng^

such offender or offenders shall be convicted, shall, from time nor less than

to time, adjudge. xos.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The weight from and after the said first day of May, one thousand seventh* hundred and sixty-three, although the assize of bread shall not ^rc lt^ be set pursuant to the said recited act, the several loaves herein weigh,in eve-after mentioned of every fort of bread which shall be made for ry fort of sale, shall always weigh in averdupois weight as follows; that is to say, every peck loaf, seventeen pounds fix ounces; every for ^je c half peck loaf, eight pounds eleven ounces; every quarter of a viz,peck loaf, four pounds five ounces, and one halt ounce; and every half quarter of a peck loaf, two pounds two ounces and three quarters of one ounce: and every person who shall make for sale, or offer or expose to or for sale, or have in his or her possession for sale, any peck, half peck, quarter of a peck, or half quarter of a peek loaf, in any wise deficient of the due weight the same ought to be as aforesaid, shall, on being con- on forfeiture vifted of any such offence in manner herein after mentioned, not exceeding forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding five shillings, nor less than ^el* one shilling, for cveij ounce of every loaf of such bread, which every ounce shall at any time be found wanting, or deficient of or in the wanting in the due weight the same ought to be 'as aforesaid 5 and for every weight*such loaf of bread which shall be found wanting leis than one ounce of the due weight the same ought to be as aforesaid, a nor exceeding sum not exceeding two shillings and six pence, nor less than*-*d. nor six pence, as any justice or justices before whom any such loaf|?J? ^a^cr of bread, which shall not be of the due weight the lame ought, oz# to be as aforesaid, shall adjudge; so as all such bread which the same to be shall be complained of, as wanting at any time of the due weighed be-weight the same ought to be in any city, town corporate, bo- fcrea justice, rough, liberty, or franchise, or the jurisdiction thereof, or hounTafter within the weekly bills of mortality, shall, from time to time, being baked, be brought before same justice or justices, having jurisdiction fold, or expo-in the premisses, and shall be weighed before such justice or fed to sale, &c. justices within twenty-four hours after the same shall have been baked, fold, or exposed to or for sale, or found in any person's corporate, ire. custody for sale; and so as all such bread which shall be com- or within'the plained of as wanting at any time in the due weight the same bill* of mor-ought to be as aforesaid, m any hundred, riding, division, rape,Qther wapentake, or other place out of any city, town corporate, bo- places, within rough, liberty, or franchise, or the jurisdiction thereof, or out j day* 1 of the weekly bills of mortality* shall from time to time, be 6 brought

a70 Anno tertio Georgii III. an, [1765,

brought before same justice or justices of such hundred, riding, divifian, liberty, rape or wapentake, or other place, and (haS be weighed before such justice or justices within three days after the same shall have been baked, offered, or e^pofad to or for nnkfifuchde- side, or found in any person's custody for sale; unlefe it (had fidency shall be made out to the satisfaction of any such justice or justices

tS*coMinted any such bread shall be brought, by or on the be-

^yaccoun jjjjf the party or parties against whom any such complaint

or information shall be made, that such deficiency in weight wholly arose fromibme unavoidable accident in baking or otherwise, or was occasioned by or through some contrivance or con* fcderacy.

Bread of an m- VIL And be it further ena cted by the authority aforesaid, That

fierior quality after the said first day af May, one thousand seven hundred and ^wheaten, sixty-three, although an afliie of bread/hall not be fetpurfuant ata higher*to fa*d a^» no person shall fell, or offer, or expose to or for price than the sale, or have in his or her custody any bread of an inferior qua-houshold i lity to wheaten bread, .with intent to fell the same at an higher price thin houshold bread shall at the same time fell for in the place where any bread of such inferior quality shall be sold, or ^offered to or for sale, or befound for sale in any person's custo-©n forfeiture, > uP°n P^n that every one who shall offend in the premisses, not exceedingUiall, for every such offence, on being thereof convicted in »os. manner herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay not exceeding

the sum of twenty shillings, as the justice or justices before whom any such offender or offenders shall be convicted, shall, from time to time, adjudge.

A large R#- VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nan (W) to That from and after the said first aay of May, one thousand he imprinted seven hundred and sixty-three, although the assize of bread on all wheat- shall not be set pursuant to the said act, all persons who shall forfiSe m -make for sale, fell, offer or expose to or for sale, or have in his or her custody for sale, any of the said wheaten or houthokl bread, shall, from time to time, cause to be imprinted on every respective loaf thereof, as followeth; that is to fey, on evciy loaf of the said wheaten bread, a large Roman (W), and on and a large eveiy loaf of the said houshold bread, a large Roman (H): (H)011 And if any person after the said first day of May, one thousand brad*0*1 seven hundred and sixty-three, shall make for sale, fell, offer*or expose to or for sale, or have in his or her custody for sale* any loaf of the said wheaten or houshold bread, which shall not be marked as hereby is directed, so as the same may, on the view thereof, be ascertained under what denomination or fort of bread every such loaf was and ought to be weighed (except as to such loaves which shall be rasped after the bespeaking or purchasing thereof, by the particular desire of the person who shall order the same to be so rasped for his or her own use) he or she who shall so offend in the premisses, and shall be thereof on penalty of convicted in manner herein after mentioned, shall, for evety forfeiting not loaf of such bread not marked as hereby is directed, which shall exceeding 40s* be found in his or her custody, forfeit and pay a. sum not exceeding

v

1763.]' Anno tertio<?EORGll III. C.ir. B71

ing forty shillings, nor less than ten shillings, a9 the justice or nor left than justices before whom any such offender or offenders shall be con- 10*vidted, shall from time to time adjudge; unless it shall be made anieft such out to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, by or on the P"*'? behalf of the party or parties against whom any such complaint or J-j Lxouated information shall be made, that the not marking or not duly for. marking thereof- wholly arose from same unavoidable accident m baking, or otherwise, or wasoccafioned by or through some contrivance or confederacy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Bread made of That from and after the said first day of May, one thousand fe- any.other ven hundred and fatty-three, although the assize of bread shall not be set pursuant to the directions of the said act, ' every loaf impeded with of every fort of bread made of the meal or flour of any other such letters as sort of grain than wheat, which shall be made for sale, or be |hejustice» fold, carried out, offered, or exposed, in any wise, to or for " oraer 1 sale, shall be marked with same significant and distinct letter or letters, not more than two thereon respectively, as the justices of any county, riding, division, liberty, city, town, or place, at any general or quarter session of the peace which shall be holden within their respective counties, ridings, divisions, liberties, cities, towns, or places, within their respective jurisdictions, or at any petty session which shall be held by any such justices within their respective jurisdictions, shall from time to time, for their respective counties, ridings, divhions, liberties, rapes, wapentakes, cities, towns, or places, or any part thereof, or- they eaufing der or direct; and every which order shall, with all convenient "ntrX speed after the making thereof, be entered in some book to be 0 JJich for that purpose provided and kept by such justices, and where- i, to be free for utato any maker of bread for sale redding within any such county, inspection) division, liberty, rape, wapentake, city, town, or place, shall be at liberty to resort at seasonable times in the day-time, and to peruse every such order without bring subject or liable to pay any fee or reward in respect thereof j and such justices as afore- an(1 a co, laid shall, with all convenient speed after the making any such thereof to be order as aforesaid, cause a copy thereof to be affixed or put up fee up in some in some market or other public town within the division or m*rket'of part of the county, ridiifg, liberty or place, in which such or- pub"c* der as aforesaid is to be observed or take place, or in some pub- p*lick place in every city, town, or place, where such order is to be observed or take place; or otherwise such justices, within orpublUbedin their respective jurisdictions, shall cause a copy of every such the country their respective order, with all convenient speed after the making newt paper* thereof, to be inserted in some publick news paper which shall be usually published in the county, riding, division, liberty, rape, wapentake, city, town, or place, or some part thereof, in which such order as aforesaid is to be observed or take place; and if the justices, as aforesaid shall at any time, in any place, where the neglect or omit to make any order, from time to time, with justices ne-what letter or letters such bread which shall be made for sale, gle&tomake of the meal or flour of any other sort of grain than wheat,uch order,

shall

2j % Anno tertio Georgii III. c. i t. [1763.

the maker is shall be marked, then the maker of all fudi bread for sale shall, f° 7^kfCVCry m cveiT P^ace where no such order shall be made or be in force, iyith i diftintt ^au^e every loaf of such bread he or she. shall make, or cause capital letters} to be made, for sale, dr shall fell, or offer or expose to or for sale, to be respectively marked with any two distinct capital letters as he or me shall think fit; and every person who, after the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, shall make for sale, fell, offer, or expose to or for sale, or have in his or her custody, for sale, any loaf of any such fort of bread which shall be made with the mod or flour of any other sort of grain than wheat, which shall not be marked as herein before is directed, so as that the same may, on view thereof, be ascertained under what denomination every such loaf was made (except such loaves thereof which shall be rasped after the bespeakingor purchasing thereof, by the particular desire of onpenalty of the person who shall order the same to be rasped for his or her cxwedh? n°s own u^e) for every time he, the, or they, shall so offend, nor less tfari*'n premisses, and be thereof convicted in manner herein 5 s. for every after directed, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding forty shillings, such unmark- nor less than five shillings, for every loaf of such bread which ed loaf. shall not as herein before is first directed, as the

justice or justices before whom any such offender shall be convicted shall, from time to time, adjudge.

X. And to the end the good design of this Statute may be more effectually accompliftied; be it further enacted by the Justices, authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices within the limits of their respective jurisdictions, although the assize of bread shall not be there set according to the said herein before in part re-and peace of- c*te<*act > an(* a^° for any Peace officer or officers authorized by ficers (autho- warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of any rizedbywar- such justice or justices (and which warrant any such justice or nnt of a ju- justices is and are hereby empowered to grant within their re* may enter the fpe^ive jurisdictions) to enter into any house, (hop, stall, bake-houses of house, warehouse, or outhouse or other place, of or belonging bakers, and to any baker or feller of bread, and to search, view, weigh, fejjnjh for, ex- examine, and try, all or any bread vyfcich shall be there found; mm* an anc[ to vjeN^ weigh, and try, all bread made for sale, which at any time shall be offered or exposed to or for sale, or found in any one's custody for sale, in ar; y wife howsoever, within the respective jurisdiction of any such justice or justices: and if any loaf or loaves of bread of any denomination, shall, on any search, view, weighing, trial, or examination thereof, by any justice or justices, or on any complaint made to, or information given before, any justice or justices, and proved by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, be found to be deficient in the due weight the same ought to be, or not to be marked according to the directions and intent of this act, or to be deficient in the due baking or working thereof, or to be wanting in the goodnefe of the fluff whereof or wherewith an£

amine, and weigh all bread made for, or expo fed to sale, &c.

and bread

found defective in the weight, or nor duly irnrked, or wanting in due baking.

J763O Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 11. 273

such loaf shall have been made or to have been made with any or goodness, mixture of meal or flour of any other sort of grain than of the grain SalJStly pfixt* the same shall import to be made with, or to be made with any % Cm y9larger or other proportion of any other or different fort or forts of grain, or the meal or flour thereof, than what ought to be put therein, or to be made with any mixture or ingredient which by the said in part recited act ought not to be put therein j or to be made with any thing as or for or in lieu of flour which shall not really be the genuine flour the same shall import to be and ought to be, or that any such bread shall be made with any leaven not allowed by the said in part recited act to be used in making bread; then, and in every or any of the said cases, every justice and justices, peace officer and officers as aforesaid, is and are hereby respectively, within the limits of their several jurisdictions, impowered and required by the authority of nw be felfeed, this act, to seize every loaf of such bread, and to dispose there- 8lven to of to poor persons, as such justice or justices in his or their dif- c poor' cretion shall, from time to time, within their respective jurisdictions, think fit; unless it shall be made out to the satisfac- uulefs such tien of any such justice or justices, by or on the behalf of the .

party or parties against whom any such complaint or inform iyCaJ; comued " mation as aforesaid shall be made, that the default found or for. complained of wholly arose from some unavoidable accident, or was occasioned by or through some contrivance or confederacy; and every maker and feller of bread respectively as aforesaid, whose bread shall at any time be found before any justice or justices wanting in the goodness of the stuff, whereof or wherewith the same mould have been made, or to be made with any mixture of meal or flour of any other sort of grain than of the grain the same shall import to be made with, or to be made with any larger or other proportion of any other or different fort or forts of grain, or the meal or flour thereof, than what ought to be put therein, or to be made with any mixture, or ingredient not allowed by the said in part recited act to be put therein, or to be made with any thing as for or in lieu of flour, which shall not really be the genuine flour the same shall import to be and ought to be, or to be made with any leaven, not allowed by the said in part recited act to be used in making and feller Cr such bread, mall, for every such offence, on being convicted shall also tbr-thereof in manner herein after mentioned, also forfeit and pay tcitnotex-a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than twenty shillings, ceding 5I nor as the justice or justices before whom any such offender or of- everyth fenders shall be convicted, shall, from time to time, adjudge, offence? unless the default found or complained of, shall be made out"to unless th-de-the satisfaction of any such justice or justices by or on the be- fault shall he half of the party or parties against whom such complaint or in- aTcoum-d for. formation as aforesaid shall be made, to have wholly arose from 3 some unavoidable accident, or to have been occanoned by or through some contrivance or confederacy.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That from and after the said first day of May> one thousand fe-Vol. XXV. T ven

274

Penalty of of-posing any legal search, view, weighing, trying, or seizing of bread, is not to exceed 40 s. nor be less than 20 s.

No miller, meaiman, or baker, may act as a justice in the execution of this act, on penalty of 501.

Baker making it appear, that any offence for which he shall have paid the .penalty, was occasioned by the negledf or default of his servant:

justice to issue is warrant out for bringing the offender before him;

and on conviction.

Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 111 £1763.

ven hundred and sixty three, although the assise of bread shall not be let according td the said in part recited act, if any person or persons shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, refill, or in any wise oppose any search, view, weighing, trying, or seizing or, any loaf or loaves of bread, authorized by this act to be made or tried, he, Ihe, or they, who shall so offend in the premises, shall, for every such offence, on being convicted thereof in manner herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay such sum of mo* ney not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than twenty shillings, as the justice or justices before whom any such offender or offenders shall be convicted, shall, from time to time, adjudge.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person who shall follow, or be concerned in the business of a miller, meaiman, or baker, shall be capable of acting, or shall be allowed to act as a justice of the peace under this act, or in putting in execution any of the powers in or by this act granted$ and if any miller, mealman* or baker, shall presume so to do, he or they so offending in the pre-misses, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to any person or persons who will inform or sue for the same; to be recovored in any of his Majesty's courts of record at JVe/iminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, or by way of summary complaint, before the court of session in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XIII. Provided always, and be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person who shall carry on or follow the trade of a baker, shall at any time after the said first day of May % one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, make complaint to any justice or justices of the peace within his or their jurisdiction, and make appear to him or them by the oath of any credible witness, that any offence which any such person who shall so carry on, or follow the said trade of a baker, shall have been charged with, and shall have incurred and paid any penalty under this act, shall have been occasioned by or through the wilful neglect or default of any journeyman or other servant employed by or under any such person, who shall so follow or carry on the said trade of a baker; then, and in any such case, every such justice and justices may, and is and are hereby required to issue out his or their warrant under his or their respective hand and seal, or hands and seals, for bringing any such journeyman or servant before any such justice or justices, or any justice of the county, city, riding, division, or place, where the offender can be found; and on any such journeyman or servant being thereupon apprehended, and brought before any such justice or justices, he or they, within their respective junfdidions, is and are hereby authorized and required to examine into the matter of such complaint; and on proof thereof being made upon oath to the satisfaction of any such justice Or justices who shall hear such.said complaint, such justice and justices is

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.11; 475

and are hereby directed and authorized by any order under hie or their respective hand or hands, to adjudge and order what order a Aim to reasonable sum of money shall be paid by every such journey- be paid by man or servant to his mailer or mistress, as or by way of rccom-pence to him or her for the money he or she shall have paid, by faction*reason of the wilful neglect or default of any such journeyman or servant; and if any such journeyman or servant shall neglect or and on non-refuse on his conviction, to make immediate payment of the payment sum of money which any such justice or justices shall order to be ^creo^ paid, by reaion of such said wilful neglect or default, then any such justiceand justices within their respective jurisdictions, is and are hereby authorized and required by warrant under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, to cause every such journey- i8 to commit man or servant to be apprehended and committed to the house such servant tp of correction, or some other prison of the county, riding, divi- labour, fion, city, town, liberty, or place, in which any such journey-^ceSug man or servant shall be apprehended, and there to be kept to one month $ hard labour, for any time not exceeding one calendar month from the time of such commitment, as such justice or justices shall order, unless payment shall be made of the money ordered unless pay-to be paid after such commitment, and before the expiration of racnt J* &* the said calendar month. cr madC*

XIV. And for the better and more easy recovery of the several penalties and forfeitures to be incurred by disobedienee to this act and the powers herein contained, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Justice* to beaf and for the justices of the peace, or any one of them, within "jd determine their respective counties, ridings, divisions, cities, towns cor-porate, boroughs, liberties, or jurisdictions, to hear and deter- , ^ a luminary mine, in a (ummary way, all offences committed against the way. true intent and meaning of this act; and, for that purpose, to summon before them, or any of them, within their respective jurisdictions, any party or parties accused of being an offender or offenders against the true intent and meaning of this act; and in case the party accused shall not appear on such summons, or offer some reasonable excuse for his default, then upon oath of any credible witness of any offence committed contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, any such justice or justices shall issue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending the offender or offenders within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justices; and upon the appearance of the party or parties accused, or, in case he, (he, or they, shall not appear, on notice being given to, or left for, him, her, or them, at his, her, or their luual place of abode, or if he, (he, or they, cannot be apprehended, on a warrant granted against him, her, or them, as herein before is directed; then, and in any such case, any such justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and required to proceed to make enquiry touching the matters complained of, and to examine any witness or witnesses who shall be offered on either side, on oath as aforesaid, and which oath every such justice and justices is and are hereby authorized, impowered, and

T 2 re^

27 6 Anno tertio GEORGII IILc.il. [*763-

required to administer; and after hearing of the parties who shall appear, and the witnesses who shall be offered on either side, such justice or justices shall convict or acquit the party or and the penal- Part^cs accused: and if the penalty or money forfeited on any ties to be paid such conviction shall not be paid within the space of twenty-four within 24 hours after any such conviction, every such justice or justices shall

hours after thereupon issue a warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, or or^obe^evied t*ic^r hands and seals respectively, directed to any peace officer by distress and or officers within their respectivejurisdiCtions, and thereby relate. quire him or them to make distress of the goods or chattels of

the offender or offenders within such their respective jurifactions, to satisfy such penalty or money forfeited, and the costs Warrant of Pr°fecution and diftreis: and if any offender shall convey

distress may away his or her goods out of the jurisdiction of any such justice be backed. or justices before whom he or she was convicted, or so much thereof that the penalty or money forfeited cannot be levied, then some justice within whose jurisdiction the offender shall have removed his or her goods, shall back the warrant granted by any justice or justices as aforesaid, and thereupon the penalty forfeited shall be levied on the offender's goods and chattels, Distress to be by distress and sale thereof; and if within five days from the difold within 5 stress beinjg taken, the penalty or money forfeited and costs as a-day* i foresaid, (nail not be paid, the goods leized or taken shall be

appraised and fold, tendering the overplus (if any) after deduc-and all charges ting the penalty or forfeiture, and the costs and charges of the to be deducted prosecution, distress and sale, to the owner or owners thereof; thereout. which charges shall be ascertained by the justice or justices before

whom any such offender or offenders shall have been so convicted, or by the justice who backed the warrant (if either of them shall continue alive) and if not, by some other justice of the county, For want of riding, division, city, or place, in which the offender shall have sufficient di- been convicted, on application for that purpose to be made to (hc^s» the of- any such justice; and for want of such distress, then every such committedC ju^ce wi*hin whose respective jurisdiction any such offender or offenders shall reside or be, shall, on the application of any prosecutor or prosecutors, and proof on oath made of the conviction, and nonpayment of the penalty and charges, by warrant under his hand and seal, commit every such offender or offenders to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, where such offender or offenders shall be found, there to remain for the space of one calendar month from the time of such commitment, unless after such commitment payment shall be made of the penalty or money forfeited, and the costs and charges ascertained as aforesaid, before the expiration of the said one calendar month.

Form follow- XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ing to be ob- That the justice or justices before whom any person shall be served in con- convicted in that part of Great Britain called England, in man-Englimd n ner Pre^cr'bed by this act, shall cause every such respective con-

viCtion to be drawn up in the form or to the effect following}

that is to say,

(*

v

277

1763.] Anno tertio GEORGII III. C.u:

(To wit) BE it remembered. That on this day of

X) in the year of the reign of

A. B. is convicted before Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of or for the'or for the

city, liberty, or town of (as the case

shall happen to be) for and do

adjudge (him, her, or them, as the case shall be) to pay and forfeit for the same, the sum of

Given under the day and year aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Form ; n scot* That in case any person or persons shall be convicted of any of- land to be as.fence against this act, before any justice or justices of the peace for other of-in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, every such convic- ^nauire. tien shall proceed and be drawn up in the form commonly used

and practised before such justices of the peace, on convictions for other offences of the like nature.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No conviction. That no certiorari, letters of advocation, or of suspension, shall j'ernove.' be granted to remove any conviction, or other proceedings had y certl°* thereon in pursuance of this act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the persons ag-authority aforesaid, That if any person convicted of any offence grieved by the punishable by this act, shall think him, her, or themselves, ag- judgment of grieved by the judgment of any justice or justices before whomi^caUoThe^ he, (he, or they, mall have been convisted, such perfoti shall Quarter fcf-have liberty, from time to time, to appeal to the justices at the 2ons$

next general or general quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such judgment shall have been given; and that the ex^ ccution of the said judgment shall, in such case, be suspended j the person so convicted entering into a recognizance at the time entering into of such conviction, with two sufficient sureties, in double the a recogni-sum which such person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit upon condition to prosecute such appeal with effect, and prosecute the to be forthcoming, to abide the judgment and determination appeal, of the justices at their said next general or general quarter feflion5 which recognizance the justice or justices, before whom such conviction (nail be had, is and are hereby impowered and required to take; and the justices in the said general or general justicesatthe quarter session are hereby authorized and required to hear and quarter fef-finally determine the matter of every such appeal, and to award nons to hear, such costs as to them shall appear" just and reasonable to be paid by either party; and if, upon hearing the said appeal, the judg- fochTp^aV ment of the justice or justices before whom the appellant or ap- and award*pellants shall have been convisted, shall be affirmed, such ap- colts, pellant or appellants shall immediately pay down the sum he,

(he, or they, shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with fu9h costs 4s the justices in their said general or general quarter

T 3 session

278'

On the appeal being affirmed, the appellant may be committed till payment of the cofb.

or composition be made.

If the appellant make good his appeal, reasonable costs to be awarded him.

Where there 2& not sufficient time between the conviction and sessions, appeal may be made to the ad quarter session.

Limitation of actions brought against justices, and peace officers.

Act4 Geo.II. extended to justices acting under this act.

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.i 1. [176?.

session shall award to be paid to the prosecutor or informer for defraying the expences sustained by reason of any such appeal; and in default of the appellant's paying the same, any justices or justice having jurisdiction in the place into which any such appellant or appellants shall escape, or where he, (he, or they, 1 shall reside, shall and may, by warrant under their hands and seals, or his hand and leal, commit every such appellant and appellants to the common gaol of the county, riding, division, liberty, city, {own, or place, where he, (he, or they, shall be apprehended, there to remain until he, (he, or they, shall pay the penalty or money forfeited and costs as aforesaid, or shall compouna in respect thereof with the informer, and pay the composition-money agreed on to the informer; but if the ap-

Eellant or appellants in any such appeal shall make good his, er, or their appeal, and be discharged of the said conviction, reasonable costs mall be awarded to the appellant or appellants, against such informer or informers, who (in case of such conviction having been affirmed) would have been intitled to the penalty to have been recovered as aforesaid; and which costs shall and may be recovered by the appellant or appellants against any such informer or informers, in like manner as costs given at any general or general quarter session of the peace are recoverable.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such conviction shall happen to be made within six days before any general or general quarter fef-fionof the peace, which shall be held for the county, riding, division, city, town corporate, borough, or place, where such conviction (nail have been made; then the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by any such conviction, shall and may, on entering into a recognizance in manner and for the purposes before directed, be at liberty to appeal, either to then next, or the next following general or general quarter session of the peace which shall be held for any such county, riding, division, city, town corporate, borough, liberty, or place, where any such conviction shall have been made.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every action or suit which shall be brought or commenced against any justice or justices, or any peace officer or officers, in that part of Great Britain called England, for any matter or thing done or committed by virtue of, or under this act, shall be cojnmenced within six calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the /county, city, or place, where the matter in dispute mall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the Statute made in the twenty-fourth year of King George the Second, intituled, An act for rendering the justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their office \ and for indemnifying conjiables, and other s7 acting in obedience to their warrants; so Far as the said act relates to the rendering the ju-fticcs more safe in the execution of their office, fhalhextend, and be construed to extend, to the justice or justices of the peace acting

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.n. 279

ing under the authority or in pursuance of this act; and that no actk>n or suit shall be had or commenced against, nor shall any Notice to be writ be sued out, or copy of any writ be served upon, any peace given to peace officer or officers, for any thing done in the execution ot'this bef*|t

until seven days after a notice in writing shall have been be^ued^mta-given to, or left for, N him or them, at his or their usual place of gainst them j abode, by the attorney for the party intending to commence such action; which notice shall contain the name and place of abode of the person intending to bring such action, and also of his attorney, and likewise the eause of action or complaint: and any peace officer or officers shall be at liberty, and may, by vir- and if tender tue of this act, at any time within seven days after any such no- of amends be tice shall have been given to, or left for, him, tender, or eause to be tendered, any sum or sums of money, as amends for thetn*injury complained of, to the party complaining, or to the attorney named in any such notice; and, if the same is not accepted of, the defendant or defendants in any such action or actions may plead such tender in bar of such action or actions, together with the general issue, or any other plea, with leave of the court in which the action shall be commenced: and if, up- jind ©iy issue joined on such tender, the jury, shall find the amends been

tendered to have been sufficient, they shall find a verdict for the fuflkient, &c. defendant or defendants: and in every such case, or if the plain- a verdict'to be tiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his action 5 or if judg- found for mem shall be given for the defendant or defendants upon de- with murrer; or if any action or suit shall be brought after the time fimited by this act for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid; then, and in every such case, the jury shall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and the defendant or defendants shall be intitled to his or their cods: but if the jury shall find that no such tender Plaintiff re-was made, or that the amends tendered were not sufficient, or covering, in-(hall find a verdict against the defendant or defendants, on any tltled to da* plea or pleas by him or them pleaded; then they shall give a an verdict for the plaintiff, and such damages, as they shall think proper j and the plaintiff shall thereupon recover his or her costs, against every such defendant and defendants.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation ot "That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any other other actions. Person or persons than a justice or justices, or peace officer, for thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defen-^nts in any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and General issue. &ive this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance ^*1 by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have ^cen done, or if a verdict shall be found for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue Viisatfion, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared;

if judgment shall be given upon a verdict or demurrer a- % ainst the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants in >cve<y such action shall and may recover double costs, and have Double costs.

T 4 the

Go

28q

Limitations aj>d remedies for gendering justices, peace officers, and other persons, (afe in their duty, extended to Scotland,

Limitation of prosecutions for offences againit this act.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be re-covered and applied.

Rights of the cwo univerfi-: ; es reserved.

Anno tertio Georgii III. c. xi. [17$$.

the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law for recovery of his or their costs.

XXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the above limitations and remedies for rendering justices of peace, peace officers, and all other persons, safe in the execution of their several offices under this act, shall extend to and be available to all such justices of peace, peace officers, and other persons, in that part of Great Britain called Scatlcni \ and shall be pleaded by them, and sustained by the court or courts before which they, or any of them, may happen to be sued, according to the forms of the law of Scotland.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be convicted of any offence under this act, unless the prosecution in order for such conviction shall be commenced within three days after the offence committed; and that no person, who shall be prosecuted to con* viction for any offence done or committed against this act, shall be subject or liable to be prosecuted for the lame offence under any other law.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act infsided, shall, when recovered or paid, go and be distributed in manner foJ-sowing; that is to say, one moiety thereof, where any offender or offenders shall be convicted, either by his, her, or their own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall go and be paid to the person or persons who shall inform against and prosecute to conviction any such offender or offenders; and the other moiety thereof as the justice or justices, before whom any offender or offenders against this gd shall be convicted, shall from time to time, think lit and order, for the better carrying into execution the purposes of this act, and defraying the charges attending the carrying the same into execution.

XXV. Provided likewise, and it is hereby enacted. That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice the ancient right or custom of the two universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or either of them, or of their or either of their clerks of the market, or the practice within the several jurisdictions of the said universities, or either of them, used, to ascertain and appoint the weight of all sorts of bread to be sold or exposed to faje within their several juritik-tiens; but that they, and every of them, shall and, may, severally and respectively, from time to time, as there shall be occasion, ascertain and appoint within their several and respedire jurisdictions, the weight of all sorts of bread to be sold or expoted to falc by any baker or other person whatfpeyer, within the limits of their several jurisdictions; and shall and may pqnifh the breach thereof as fully and freely, in all respects, as they used to do, and as if this act had never been m?d$; any thing

berm

763.3 Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 11. 281

ierein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith-landing.

CAP. XII.

An a£J for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry \ and for raising the sum of three mnllions five hundred thousand poundsby way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the jfaid duties.

Most gracious Sovereign, r f.''

\Kf E your Majesty's mofi dxtiftdrand loyal subjects, the commons of preamble.^V V Great Britain, in parliament assembledy towards raising by r

thr most easy means the neceffory supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expenses, have freely and voluntarily refofved to give and grant ttn- to your Majesty 1 the several rates, duties and impositions, herein after nusntionedj and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be ensafted ', and be jit enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, toy and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Additional a*d by the authority of the same, That from and after the thirty- duties grant-fkjft day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, ed, to take and above all subsidies of tonnage arid poundage, and all ather subsidies, additional duties, and impositions, whatsoever, jsMaroi c3ue or payable for all wines and vinegar imported into Great Britain, by any zA or acts of parliament now in force, there 1

tshall be raised, levied, collected, and paid ninto his Majesty, his Heirs, and successors (before landing thereof) the additional im- ., 1

politioos, rates, or auties following, without any discount or jdedudtion inwards, or drawback on re-exportation afterwards3 that is to say.

For every ton of French wine and French vinegar, which shall be imported into this kingdom, the sum of eight pounds 3 and gar imported, so after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity, 8l. per ton $

And also for every ton of all other wines and vinegar import- ^her^nes ed into this kingdom, the sum of four pounds 3 and lb after that and vinegar rate for any greater or lesser quantity. imported, 41.

The same to be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, to be colieaedr in fijeh manner and form, and by such ways, means, and me- levied, and thods, and under such penalties and forfeitures (except as to ^effedinthe difeounts and drawbacks aforesaid) as are mentioned and ex- SfclofjJac.n* pressed in the act of parliament made and passed in the first year of the reign of his late Majesty King James the Second, intituled,

An act for granting his Majesty an imposition upon all wines and vinegar imported between the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand six hundred and eighty-five, and th: twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand six hundred and ninety-three 3 or in any other adfc or acts orinanyptbtr of parliament by which the said impositions, rates, and duties,^tie»S upon all wines and vinegar imported, were continued and made thereby grant-

perpetual 3 ed perpetual.

Damaged and

unmerchantable wines exempted from theie additional duties. Act i» Geo. I.

282 Anno tertio Georgii III. c.12. [17*3.

perpetual; and all powers, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, ar- tides, and clauses therein contained, not any ways altered by

this act, shall continue in foil force and effect during the continuance of the said impofitiotis, rates, and duties hereby granted, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, colliding, securing, answering, and paying the said iriipositions, rates, and duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as foUy and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the said clauses, matters, and things, had been again repeated and re-enacted in the body of this prefect* ad; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That? nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to\ extend, to lay any further duties upon wines damaged. Corrupt, or unmerchantable, and for which the merchants or importers thereof shall refofe to pay or secure the dutiefc ; and which by an act passed in the twdfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the improvement of hisMnjefiy's revenues of as-Jloms, excijif end inland duties, ace, on fetch refofal directed to

be received into the custody of proper officers of the customs, to be publickly fold, in order t6 be distilled intobrandy, or to be made into vinegar.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said impositions, rates, and duties by this act granted, Audi, from time to time be*under the management and diredkm of

dl^honos t*le telpedtiverommissionersof his Majesty's customs, and their the commit officers-for the time being, and shall be paid into the hands of iioners of the the receiver genital of the customs in England, for the time be-customs 5 ing ; mi. suchreceiver-general shall weekly, to wit, on Wed-^e/weeki* every week* if it be: not an holy day, and if it be,

by thereceiv- then on the next day after that is not an holy aay, answer and er-general into pay all the monies arising by the said additional impositions, the exche- rates, and duties (the necefkry^bwrges of raising, colieding, quer, and answering( the same, only excepted) into the receipt of his

apart from all Majesty's exchequer, distinct and apart from all other monies other monies; which such receiver-general shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and (uccessors, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books in which all the monies hereby appointed to be paid weekly into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or sucessors, upon any account whatsoever.

V. And whereas by the eighth rule annexed to the book of to^the'book of rates referred to in the ad of tonnage and poundage passed in

the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, every merchant bringing in any sort of wines into this kingdom by 6 way

The laid da-ties to be under the ma-

-and to be entered accordingly in proper books to be provided there for the purpose.

Rule annexed

rates.

t7^.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c. n. 283

way of merchandize, and making due entries thereof, is allowed twelve pounds per centum for leakage: And whereas it is of late years become a practice for several merchants to lodge Spanish,

Portugal, and other wines, at the islands of Guernsey and Jer- fey, and after they have filled up the calks there, to import fuel* wines into this kindom, and demand the before mentioned allowance for leakage, notwithstanding the calks are quite full, to the lessening of his Majesty's revenue, and the prejudice of t other merchants who import wines directly from the place of^°^U^ their growth: For remedy whereof, and in order to put all mer- leakage, but chants upon a more equal footing, be it enacted by the autho- upon wine* rity aforesaid. That no merchant shall, in respect of the duties 5nJPorJeddi-hnposed by this act, be allowed twelve pounds per centum, '

have any allowance for leakage upon any wine imported into this p]acc Jf their kingdom, unless futh wine be imported directly from the country growth, &c.'or place of the growth of the said wine, or the usual port or Madeira place of its first shipping, except Madeira Wines imported into^fro^SuT" this kingdom from any of his Majesty's plantations in America s British plant*-any thing in the said recited rule to the contrary notwithstand- tiens in Ame. ing. rica excepted.,

vl. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, From and af* That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand feverl*£ 'an^addi-i hundred and sixty-three, there shall be raised, collected, levied, tional duty to and paid unto and for the use df his Majesty, his heirs, and be laid on all. successors, for and upon all cyder and perry which shall at any cyder and r time or times be imported or brought into the kingdom ofP011^5 Great Britain, (over and above all other customs, subsidies, and duties by any act or acts of parliament or law whatsoever imposed upon or payable for the same) the additional rate or new duty of excise herein after expressed; that is to say,

For every ton of cyder or perry imported into Great Bri-*: ^*P tain from beyond the fcas, and lb proportionably for a greater or 2 import* lesser quantity, to be paid by the importer before landing, ed,<>«. pa-over and above all other duties payable for the same, two tons pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for and upon all cyder and perry made within the and uponU, kingdom of Great Britain, (over and above all other duties, cy*er and charges, and impositions, by any former act or acts of parliament thereupon respectively let, rated, or imposed) the new Britain, duty of excise herein after mentioned and expressed; that is to say.

For all cyder and perry which shall be made in Great Bri- heaJ^to'be^ tain, upon every hogshead, to be paid by the maker thereof, paid by the and so proportionably for a greater or less quantity, (over andaak«r*

Duties upon cyder and

ftie of and officers of excite there -9 and those in

284 Anno tertio Georgii III. c.12. fi76^.

above all other duties now payable for cyder or perry) the font of four shillings.

VIII. And for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, raising, levying, and securing the said rates and duties by this a# imposed, and preventing frauds therein; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said rates and duties by this act granted, as are charged upon cyder or perry made in perry made in, or imported into England, IValeSy or the town England, to be Of "Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the receipt and manage-ceibtancf ma- ment t^ie of and officers of his Majesty's revenues nagement of" excjfe in England for the time being; and such of the said rates^ancj dutjes as are imposed by this act upon cyder or perry made

in, or imported into Scotland* shall be under the receipt and management of the of and officers of excise in Scotland

__________ for the time being; and the said respective of of ex-

Scotland^ un- cife, or the major part of them, have hereby power, by com-der like offi- million under their respective hands and seals, to constitute and cers there. appoint under them such officers as shall be necessary in that crsToappobt behalf; and all monies arising by and in respect of the said du-a-Efficient ties upon cyder and perry (the necessary charges of raising and number of accounting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be

'.paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, diftinCUy and t2 be paid^nto aPart from dl other branches of the publick revenue, the exchequer apart frdhi all other monies.

Makers'of IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, cyder or per- - That fropn and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand fe-ry (not being yen hundred and sixty-three, all and every perSon and persons,ot h?»ng a compounder or compounders, who shall intend to names!and the ma^e any cyder or perry, shall, ten days at lead before he, (he, util}*, pwfles, or they mall begin to make cyder or perry, make a true and par-or ofiier uten* ticular entty in writing, at the office of excise next to the place (e* where such cyder or perry shall be intended to be made, of the

places'to be^rcfpe6tive name or names of such maker or makers, and of e-- - very mill or press, or other utensil, belonging to him, her, or

them, for the making of cyder or perry, and also of every store-house, ware-house, cellar* or other place, wherein he, uc.urc lacy or they> »ntend to make, lay, or keen any cyder or perryj

begin to work. and if any such maker of cyder or perry mall, contrary to the Penalty of #ire<ftions of this act, make use of any mill, press, qr other u-using any un- tenfil, or store-house, ware-house, celiar, or other place, either or m?ll 6cc for the making, laying, or keeping any cyder or perry, without having made such entry as aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall respectively forfeit and low the sum of twenty-five pounds for every such offence.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, cife, upon re- That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand fe-queif made, ven hundred and sixty-three, all and every the officers of excise frrca°ce*'$!n at a^ times in the day-time, be permitted upon their ro-

the day-time, quest, to enter the mill-houie, store-house, ware-house, celiar, to all places and all other places whatsoever, belonging to, or used by, any made*use of Person or persons whatsoever, either for the making, laying, or

keeping

made use of at the next office of excise, 10 days before they

ji.

Officers of ex-

763.] Anno tertio Georgii ItL c. 12. 284

: eeping of cyder or perry, of which notice shall or ought tof°ra^I^or \ave been given as aforesaid, who, at any time or times, from ind after the said fifth day of Ju/y, one thousand seven hundred y*ind sixty-three, shall make any cyder or perry, and to gauge to gauge, and take an account of all the cyder or perry which shall be "ntems to*there found, and shall thereof make return or report in writing the commis-to the respective of of excise in Great Britain, or such fioners, other person or persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, leaving a true copy of such report in writing, leaving a copy under his or their hand, with or for such maker of cyder or xhedut?«to peny; and such report or return of the said officer or officers, be paid ac-Shall be a charge upon such maker or makers of cyder or perry; cording there-and the amount of the duties thereby charged, shall be paid by to» within 6 such maker or makers respectively, within the space of six weeks, J^ch aiding to be computed from the time of making such charge. charge 5

XI. Provided always, That such and the like allowances and the usual

shall be made to the several persons chargeable with the duties allowances to in this act, as have been usually made to persons chargeable fpC^3thereofi" with the duties upon cyder and perry.by former laws. P ,

XII. And, for preventing such frauds as might be committed by felling, or otherwise disposing, of cyder or perry, made after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-

three, under pretence of its having been made before the com- Persons in-mencement ot this act, and thereby evading the payment of the feH^or remove duty intended by this act to be charged thereupon; be it enact- any cydeTor* ed by the authority aforesaid, That every person having in his, perry in their her, or their possession any cyder or perry made before the said possession, fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and intending to fell, or otherwise dispose of, or remove out of f^to fend a his, her, or their own possession, any quantity of such cyder signed parti-or perry, shall, ten days at the least before the said fifth day of cular thereof July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, give a true ^che npXt and particular account thereof in writing, signed by him, her, excise, ° or them, at the office of excise next to the place where he, (he, jo days be-1 or they shall then inhabit, that the officer of excise may attend fore the said to take an account thereof; and after such account shall be de- 5 JulO that livered in, it shall be lawful for the officer and officers of excise may°attendt to enter into the several places belonging to such person or per- and take au fons, where such cyder or perry shall be laid or kept, and to account take an exact account thereof by gauging or otherwise; and it there°f*

shall be lawful for him, upon a request in writing from the person who has given in such-account, from time to time to grant fionallyforthe certificates for the removal of a like quantity of cyder or perry, removal of a and no more, without charging the duty granted by this act, 'quantity, distinguishing, in such certificates, that the cyder or perry was Sarging the made before the commencement of the duty granted by this duty. See. a ft.

XIII. And, for the preventing of frauds in the removal of cyder or perry, and for securing the duty granted by this act,

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and No cyder or after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and perry, exceed-

in? 6 galions, to be removed. See. without a certificate.

on forfeiture thereof, with the package. Officers of excise may seize the same. Time to be limited, for which the certificate is to be in force.

Persons making cyder or perry to be con fumed in their own private families only may be admitted to compound for the auties, they giving in a list of the number in family, and paying at the rate ot 5 s. per head, per annum.

CompoGtion to be renewed annually, and

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.ia. f 176^.

sixty-three, no cyder or perry exceeding the quantity of fix galions, shall be removed or carried from any part of this kingdom, by land or by water, without a certificate (which the officers of excise are hereby required to give without fee or reward, udoq request of the person desiring to remove such cyder or perry) to accompany the same, signed by one or more of the officers of excise, signifying and certifying the quantity of such cyder and perry, and the number of casks or package containing the same, and the name of the person from whom the same is removed, and the place to which, and the name and place of abode of the person to whom, such cyder or perry is to be sent; and distinguishing therein, whether the same is to be removed from the mill where the same was made, into the premisses of any compounder, or of any person exempted by this act from paying duty, or compounding, or of any other person chargeable with the said duty; and if removed out of the stock or store-house of any compounder or other person, then distinguishing from whose stock or store-house the same is intended to be removed, or whether the same was cyder or perry made before the commencement of the duty granted by this act; and if the same shall have been charged with the said duty, or any other duty, then with what duty the Fame has been so charged; or if condemned, then that the same had been condemned as forfeited; upon pain of forfeiting the cyder or perry, together with the casks, vessels, or other package containing the same, which shall be found removing or carrying from one place to another, without such certificate, and which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; in which certificate the officer or officers of excise who grant the same, (hallexprefs and limit the time for which the same shall continue in force.

XIV. And whereas many of his Majesty's subjetfts do make cyder or perry, part of which is intended not to be sold, but to be consumed in their own private families only: For the better accommodation of such persons, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any such person shall be desirous of compounding for the duties on cyder and perry to be consumed in their own private families only, it shall be lawful for the said respective of of excise, for the time being, or the major part of them respectively, or such person or persons as they, or the major part of them, shall respectively appoint for that purpose; and in default of such appointment, then for the collector and supervisor for the district and division within which such person doth or shall inhabit, upon receiving from the person who shall so desire to make such composition, an e*act lift signed by him or her, of the several persons whereof his or her family consist, (specifying their christian and fur-names therein) to compound and agree with such person or persons for the duty of four shillings granted by this act on cyder and perry, to be consumed in their own private families only, at the rate of five shillings per annum, for the number of persons which shall be mentioned in such lift; which compofi-

00a

287

ion shall last for one year, and.be renewed annually, and the the money noney arising thereby, shall be paid down at the respective times f making the competitions; and that the houses, ouj-houses, House*, See. of bore-houses, celiars, or other places, of such particular persons compounders naking such composition and agreement as aforesaid, and pay- exempted ng such composition-money, and duly complying with their payments thereupon, shall not be liable to the i'urvey or search or f of any officer or officers of excise, for or by reason of his or heir making cyder or perry as aforesaid; and in case the family mcrease )f the person making the composition shall be increased, at my time during the year compounded for, then every person be given ini whose family shall be so increased, shall deliver in an additional lift containing the names of the several persons added to the family, who shall then also pay down a proportionable composition for the persons so added, videlicet, five pence for each ca- and 5 d. per lendar month that shall be unexpired of the year, for which his P«r or her composition was made, for each and every person so jJJjjg for tba added, and in like manner fresh lifts shall be delivered, and com- additional positions made accordingly every year; and in case any person number, du-having compounded, shall neglect to deliver such lifts, or to the pay the composition-money from year to year, by the space of t'ermof ten days after the expiration of each respeChve year, the per- the year, son so neglecting shall be charged by the officer of excise with Compounders the duty of four shillings for every hogshead of cyder or perry, negiefting to which shall be found in his or her custody; which charge the officer or officers of excise are hereby required to make, and their compo-such persons shall become subjedfc to the survey of the said offi- fition-money, cersj and if any person who shall compound in pursuance of thet0. chaxg&. power hereby given, shall deliver in a list which does not con- become tain the true number with the names of the several persons of liable to fur-which his or her family then really consisted of j or if any per- vey. son shall neglect to deliver in a list of the number and names of Persons deli-any increase that may happen in his or her family, according to the directions of this act, or to pay the proportionable com- 3

position as aforesaid, the party so offending shall, for every such -. offence respectively, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds. forfeit sol.

XV. Provided always, That no compounder shall be ob-liged to insert in such lift, the names of his or her children not^be under the age of eight years, or to reckon them as part of his or inserted in the her family. lift*.

XV I. And as it may frequently happen that such person* who shall make compositions for the duties on cyder and perry to be consumed in their own private families, may have larger quantities of cyder or perry than is necessary to be expended for the use of their respective families; to the end therefore that he, compounders (he, or they, may be impowered to fell, or otherways dispose of, may fell, dil-or remove any quantity of cyder or perry, and that his Majesty's pole of, or re-duties may be secured for the same, when and so often as any move, any cy-such compounder or compounders shall be desirous of felling, or ^thimZf-otherways disposing of, any cyder or perry, or of removing of fc\Cnt for the same, and shall have given to the officer of excise of the di- their own use.

vision

288

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.11. £ i76^

vision or place where his, her, or their ware-house or ftort-house, cellar or other place, for making, laying, or keeping, noScf to the cyc^cr or Perry> shall be situate, two days notice in writing of proper officer, his, her, or their intention to fell, or otherways dispose of, or remove any quantity of cyder or perry, specifying in such notice the particular quantity of cyder or perry he, me, or they intend to fell, or otherways dispose of or remove, and also the description of the particular ware-house, store-house, celiar, or place where such quantity of cyder or perry shall then be laid or kept, and of the place to which the same is intended to be removed orfent j the officer of excise, having received such no-who is to at- tice* 1S hereby authorized and required to attend at the said tend, and take store-house, ware-house, celiar, or other place, and then and an account there to enter the same, and to gauge and take an account of ^reofVand t^e particular quantity of cyder or perry so intended to be sold duties^ C or otherwise disposed of or removed, and to charge thereon the and reportthe said duty after the rate of four shillings for every hogftiead, and same to the thereof to make a return or report in writing to the commission-exci.fe officc$ ers of excise, or such other person or persons as they shall ap-py with the" point to receive the same, leaving a true copy of such report in compounder, writing, under his or their hand, with or for such compounder Such cyder or compounders; and such report or return of the said officer or or °cers be a charge upon such compounder or corn-

wards ^mov- pounders; and after the duties are so charged, the said eyed without a der or perry shall not be removed, on any pretence, without certificate. such certificate as aforesaid to accompany the same, to prevent Compounders tjje fejzure thereof; and if any compounder or compounders anylfraudty°t for t^e duty on cyder or perry, to be consumed in his, her, or*their own private family or families only, shall fraudulently fell, exchange, barter, or deliver out any cyder or perry to any person or persons contrary to the true meaning of this act, or shall fell or otherwise dispose of or remove any such cyder or perry, without having first given such notice as aforesaid, or before the.. duty granted by this act is charged thereon, he, (he, or they

forfeit ao.fhaf] respectively forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence.

XVII. And whereas many makers of cyder or perry are not possessed of mills, or other proper utensils for making cyder or perry, but either hire or borrow the same of others for that purpose; and though the permitting makers of cyder or perry who have such mills and other utensils, and are compounders, to let out or lend their mills and utensils, may appear reasonable, yet considerable frauds may be practised thereby to the prejudice of his Majesty's revenue and the fair trader, unless such permission is granted under proper restrictions; to the end therefore that such persons rnay be accommodated, and that his Majesty's duty may be secured, be it enacted by the authority afore-No com- said. That no maker or makers of cyder or perry, being a pounder may compounder or compounders for the duty granted by this act ^or t^ie cyder or Pcri7 to be consumed in his, her, or their other utensils, family or families, shall, during the time he, (he, or they for making, shall

1763.J Anno tertio Georgii IIL c. 12. 289

jjhail compound for the said duty* let out or lend his, her, cyder or per-or their mill or mills, or other utensil or utensils, to any other^herfon or persons for the purpose of making cyder or perry, or permit or suffer the same, or ahy of them, to be used for the purpose aforesaid, unless he, (he, or they, shall have given, or caused to have been given, to the officer of excise of the division or place where his, her, or their mill or mills, or other uteri-lils, shall be situate, notice in writing by the space of three days without giv--next before the time he, (he, or they, mall permit such mill or ing 3 days premills, or other utensils, to be used by or on the behalf of any vious nonce other person or persons for the making of cyder or perry, fighi- Officer to°at-r fying thereby that he, (he, or they, have lent or let out his, her, tend, ami or their mill or mills, or other utensil or utensils, and to whom by charge the name, and whose apples or pears are therein to be ground, duties 5 pressed, and made into cyder or perry, and requiring such officer of excise to attend at the mill or other place so to be made use of, to take an account of the cyder or perry which shall be there made, and to charge the duty granted by this act thereupon; unless it shall appear that the cyder or perry so made is unkf$ the <*-really and born side the property of any other compounder for the duty on cyder or perry to be confomed in his or her private of another* family only, or to be the property of any person hot liable as compounder, herein after mentioned to pay the said duty, or to compound, or of some within the meaning of this act; and such cyder or perry shall hot be removed, on any pretence, without such certificate as ° e aforesaid to accompany the same, to prevent the seizure thereof: and no part of And if any maker or makers of cyder or perry, during the time it to be re-: he, (lie, or they, shall compound for the duty granted by this*-act for cyder or perry to be confuted in his, her, or their private £atea.ccr*family or families shall let out or lend his, her, or their mill or mills, or other utensil or utensils, to any other person or persons for the purpose of making cyder or pernr, or shall permit or suffer the same, or any of them, to be used for that purpose, without giving such notice in writing, as aforesaid, he, (he, or they,

shall respectively forfeit and lose for every such offence the sum of x0. j.*of ten pounds.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That R*r.r°n* u^ng

every person who uses his or her own mill, press, or other uten- or

111 for the making of cyder or perry for his or her own use, or procuring cy-procures cyder or perry to be made for him or her at the mill or deror perry press, or in the utensil of another person, shall be deemed to be be made at a maker of cyder or perry within the intent and meaning of this

person, deem-

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declar- ed makers, ed, That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not Compounders extend to oblige any person or persons who do or shall pay the to'com-composition established by law for the duties on malt, during pound, or pay such time as he, (he, or they, shall compound for the said du- duties, for cy-ties on malt, and no longer, to compound for or pay the du- .of Pr*r>* ties on cyder or perry granted by this act, for the cyder or per- ^dcwifumed ty he, (he, or they shall make, to be consumed in his, her, or in tj, ejr owu

Vol. XXV. U their Umilies j

unless they shall foil; or otherwaysdispose of, any part thereof; in which case they are to comply with the directions given with respectto Occupiers of tenement* not rated above 40 s. per ann. to the land tax, and not making more than 4nogf-heads ofeyder and perry in the whole in a

their private family or families only: but if such compounder or compounders for the duties on malt shall be desirous of felling, or otherways disposing of or removing any cyder or perry, he, (he, or they, shall be obliged to comply with the several directions herein before appointed to be observed by compounders for the duty on cyder and perry granted by this act, under the like penalties and forfeitures, and the like powers and authorities, as are hereby enacted for regulating the same, compounders in like circumstances.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to oblige the occupiers of such tenements as are not rated to the land tax, at above forty shillings per annum, and pay accordingly, and who shall not make more than four hogftieads of cyder and perry together in the whole, in anyone year, to pay the duty granted by this act upon cyder and perry, or to compound for the same.

year, exempted from duties, or compounding.

XXI. Provided always, and.be it further enacted by the au-

dc^nd^e?" t^or*t)r aforesaid. That the said duty of four shillings per hogs-drawn back* upon cyder or perry charged by this act, shall and may on'exporta- be drawn back on the exportation of such cyder or perry, by the tien j lame means and methods, and under the same rules and direc-

tiens, as the other duties, or any of them, now payable for cy-ftiHahon11 ^er or Pen7* may drawn back on exportation thereof; thereoHnto an<* a^°> that the said duty on cyder and perry granted by this low wines and aft, shall be drawn back or allowed upon the diftiilation of cy-spirits $ der or perry into low wines and spirits, by the same means and methods, and under the same rules and directions, as the other duties, or any of them, now payable for cyder or perry, may ikme1bcinthe (*rawn ^ac^ or a^owcc* uP°n the diftiilation thereof; and in made into^i- ca^c any c>'der or Perry which has been charged with, and hath negar, and paid, the said duty of four shillings granted by this act, shall charged with hereafter, by being unfit for sale as cyder or perry, be charged the duties as with tjle duties on vinegar, it shall be lawful for three or more uc*of the of of excise for the time being, or two justices

of the peace, within their several jurisdictions, on proof th2t such cyder or perry hath been charged with, and paid, the said duty granted by this act, and that the same cyder or peny hath been also charged with the duties on vinegar, to discharge or allow' the duty granted by this act, which they arc hereby required to do.

ccl. penalty XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, of oppoftngan That if from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand officer in the seven hundred and sixty-three, any person or persons whatfe-ii ^eVer a^au^» oppose, molest, or hinder, any officer

° c* or officers of excise in the due seizing or securine of any cyder or perry which, by any officer or officers of excise, shall or may # be seized by virtue or in pursuance of this act, or in the execution of any of the powers and authorities by this act given and rofrercuiugvgranted; or shall, by force or violence, relcue, or cause to be

itfeuedi

L

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. C.12I

rescued, any cyder or perry, after the same shall have been feiz-ed by such officer or officers as aforesaid, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do; or, after such seizure, shall stave, break, or otherwise destroy or damage any casks, vessels, or package, wherein the same shall be contained; all and every the party or parties so offending, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XXIII. Provided always^ and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no information shall be brought, laid, or prosecuted, against any maker of cyder or perry, for any false or mif-entry, or for any offence made or committed from and after the fifth day of July* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, unless such information be laid and entered before such persons appointed to determine the same, within three months next after such offence committed; and that notice thereof be given to such person or persons (against whom such information shall be laid) in writing, or left at their dwelling-houses, within one week after the laying and entering such information, to the end a timely profecutionmay be had and made in defending the same; any thing in this act, or any other law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if either party think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by any judgment or order to be given or made by any justices of the peace, in pursuance of this present act, touching or concerning the duties hereby granted, or any penalty and forfeiture relating to the same; it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or persons, so finding him, her, or themselves, aggrieved" by such judgment or order, to appeal from the same to the justices assembled at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for the county, Shire, or stewartry, where such judgment or order shall have been made; which said justices of the peace, or the major part of them, are hereby impowered to hear and finally determine the same; and no writ of certiorari shall be allowed or brought to set aside any determination of the said justices.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* That the party or parties so appealing shall give notice in writing, by the space of six days next before such sessions shall be held as aforesaid, to the party or parties of the other side, of his, her, or their intention to bring such appeal; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices, or thp major part of them, in their quarter sessions, to award costs to either party as they shall, in their discretion, think fit, to be levied by warrant of the justices of the peace of such county, Shire, or stewartry, or any two or more of them, on the goods and chattels of the party or parties against whom the same shall be awarded.

XXVI. Provided always, That in case there be not the space of six days between the first judgment or order of the two justices, and the quarter sessions then next following, that then

U 2 the

291

or (laving any cyder or j>er-ry after'(ei-zure made thereof.

Informations for offences

f ainit this act y the makers of cyder or perry, to be laid within 3 months after committed; and notice thereof to bo given them.

Persons aggrieved by the judgment of any justices of the peace, touching the-duties or penalties, may appeal to the quarter sessions j and the determination of the said court is to be final.

Appellants to give notice to the other parties,

and court to award costs.

For want of

sufficient time intervening, appeal may

292

be made to the second

Suarter fef-ons.

A re-hearing to be had of the merits of the case upon appeals;

and defects of form in the original proceedings may be rectified by the court.

All powers, rules, methods, penalties, and dau ies in aft is Car. II. or in any other act relating to the revenue of excise,

where not altered by this act, to be put in execution with respect to the duties on cyder and perry.

How the penalties and forfeitures relating thereto are to be recovered, mitigated, and applied.

Anno tertio Geo*gh IIL c. 12*

the appeal may be made at the second quarter sessions after such judgment or order made.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon each and everysuch appeal and appeals, the juftkes assembled at such quarter sessions respectively, shall and may proceed to re-hear, re-examine, and re-consider the truth and merits of the fact and facts in qneftion between the parties to such original judgment and judgments respectively, and to re-examine the witnesses thereto upon oath; and that thereupon the said justices b assembled shall and may finally determine of and concerning the truth and merits of the fact, and facts in question; and if at such quarter sessions any defedk or defects of form shall be found in such proceedings, before the particular justices who gave such original Judgment or judgments, that then and in every such case, such defied! or defedis of form shall and may be redtified by the order or orders of such justices so assembled in such quarter sessions.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That. all and every the powers, authorities, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, ^ act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights firvice and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provide^ settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, ana puailhing, frauds relating thereto, (not otherwise altered by this act) shall he cx-ercifed, practised, applied, used, imposed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, and adjudging, ascertaining and recovering, the duties on cyder and perry, and penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detedting, and punilbing, frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by such pan of this act as relates to cyder and perry, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways^ means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be feed for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or intormation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his

*93

heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or foe for die same.

XXX. And whereas the duty by this act imposed on cyder

and perry, is required to be paid by the makers thereof: and whereas in the case of importation of cyder or perry from the Duty on cyder islands of Jerfiy, Guernjiy, Sari, or Alderney, the makers of brought'Lni cyder or perry imported from thence cannot be charged with jcrfev.Guem-the said duty; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, fey, Sark, or That the said duty of four shillings per hogshead shall be paid to

by the importer from the said iftends, or either of them, be- Ihe^mporter fore the landing thereof, to the collector or other officer of before land- excise, at the port to which such cyder pr perry shall be brought; ing,

and upon neglect or refofal to pay the said duty, such cyder or on penalty of

perry shall be forfeited, aijd (fall and may be seized by any vi

officer of excise. / an or eii e .

XXXI. And be it further eroded and declared by the autho- Tbfc monies

rity aforesaid. That in the office of the auditor of the receipt of -fpel§ive du-the exchequer books shall be provided and kept, in which all ties granted" the monies arising by the additional impositions, rates, and du- by this act to ties, upon wines and vinegar by this act granted, and the du- be entered in ties by this act granted upon cyder and peny, and respectively f^E^audi*paid into the said receipt, shall be separately entered, distinct for's office^fe-and apart from each other and from all other monies paid or pay* parately from able to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, upon any account each other. Whatsoever; and the said monies so arising from the said addi- ^i^monTes tional impositions, rates, and duties upon wines and ^vinegar, ancj tobe a*and the said duties upon cyder and perry, and paid into the said fond for the receipt of exchequer, shall be the fund lor ttye purposes herein following pur-after mentioned. P°fes- .

XXXII. And be it further enacted and declared by the autho- The said du-^ rity aforesaid. That the annuities which by this act are herein for foe* after directed to attend the principal sum of three millions and payment of five hundred thousand pounds, shall be charged and chargeable the annuities upon, and payable out of, the said additional impositions, rates, chargeable on and duties by this act granted upon wines and vinegar, and the }^*ncip dudes granted by this act upon cyder and perry, composing the 3, roo, ooool. fund hereby established for the payment thereof; and the said borrowed on additional impositions, rates, and duties upon wines and vine- the credit of gar, and the said duties upon cyder and perry, are hereby ap- thl8 propriated for that purpose accordingly.

XXXIII. And whereas the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, have resolved. That towards the supply granted to his Majesty in this present session of parliament, the sum of three millions and five hundred thousand pounds be rai-fed in manner following; that is to say, The sum of two millions and eight hundred thousand pounds by annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum9 transferable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament; and the sum of seven hundred thousand pounds, by two lotteries, to be drawn at different times, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, each lottery to consist of thirty-five thousand tic*

234

Subscribers

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.12. [1763

kets, and every blank to be of the value of five pounds; the blanks and prizes to be attended with the like transferable and redeemable annuities: and whereas pursuant to and upon the several terms and conditions expressed in the said refolurion, several persons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose, subscribed together, the whole of the said sum of three millions and five hundred thousand pounds, and made deposits with the cashieror cashiers of the governor andcompa-ny of the bank of England\ of twelve pounds and ten shillings, per centum, in part of the sums subscribed towards the said sum of two millions and eight hundred thousand pounds, and of ten pounds per centum, in part of the sum subscribed towards raising the sum of three hundred and fifty thousand pounds, upon each of the said lotteries 5 be it therefore enadtea by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all ^ant persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to a resolution who, on or before the fifteenth day of March, one thousand °VnsC have ^even hundred md sixty-three, shall have subscribed towards made* deposits la*d sums, and made in respect thereof such deposits as-of 121. ios. foresaid, to advance and pay, ' and they or their executors, ad-per cent, of ministrators, successors, and assigns, are hereby required to bribed1?)fUb advance and PaY unto the cashier or cashiers of the said gover-themC, towards nor and company of the bank of England, which cashier or the purchase cashiers is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of annuities of such contributions, without any other warrant to be had on on1 the sum of that behalf, the several remainders of the sums by them re-and°of°io 1. fpedlively subscribed towards the said sum of three millions and per cent, in five hundred thousand pounds, at or before therefpedrive rimes the sum of or days, and in the proportions herein after limited andappoint-on°each of t?e ec* on behalf» that ls to &> % n ^fpeft of their proportion-lotteries, °areC able share the fiud sum of two millions and eight hundred to make their thousand pounds, the further sum of twelve pounds and ten further pay. shillings per centum, being part of the sum so remaining, or or ^>e^ore t^ie tent^ daY May^ one thousand seven hundred and t heir propor- sixty-three; the further sum of twelve pounds and ten shillings tional share of^r centum, other part thereof, on or before the sixteenth day of of », 890, 0001. June then next following; the further sum of twelve pounds nl. 10 s. per an(j ten Shillings per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty-first day of July then next following; the further sum of twelve pounds and ten shillingsper centum, other part thereof, on or before the thirtieth day of August then next following; the further sum of twelve pounds and ten shillings per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty-feyenth day of September then next following; the further sum of twelve pounds and ten shillings 12I. 10 s. per per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty-first day cent, by 30 Gf October then next following; and the remaining sum of twelve pounds and ten shillings per centum, on or before the twenty-fourth day of November then next following; and in respect of their proportionable share of the monies to be contributed on the first lottery, the remaining sum of ninety pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-first day of April, one thousand seven 6 .. hundred

cent, by 10 May,

11I. ios. per cent, by 16 June,

nl ios. per cent, by 11

J»iy.

August, it I. ios. per cent, by 27 Sept.

12 1.10 s. per cent, by 21 October, and the re -

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 12.

hundred and sixty-three, for completing the payments in re-ifbetft of the said lottery; and in respect of their proportionable mare of the monies to be contributed on the second lottery, the remaining sum of ninety pounds per centum^ on or before the eleventh day of Oliober then next following, for completing the payments in respect of such second lottery, per cent, by ai April, and of the second lottery, 901. per cent, by 11

*95

miming ia 1. 10 «. per cent by4 November, 1765; and in respect of the monies in the first lottery, 901. Oft. 1763.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore* Annuitants said. That the several subscribers or contributors, their execu- hititled to 4 U tors, administrators, successors, and assigns, in respect of the tere^on the said sum of two millions and eight hundredkthousand pounds, said sum of shall be intitled to an annuity after the rate of four pounds per a, «oo5ooool. centum per annum, for and upon every one hundred pounds by and to a ticket them rcfpe^tively subscribed, advanced, and paid towards the in each lotte-said sum, redeemable by parliament; and shall also for every

eighty pounds so subscribed towards the said sum of two milli- ed, 'upon^ay-ons and eight hundred thousand pounds, be intitled to a ticket mentof 101. in each of the said lotteries, upon payment of the sum of ten for such ticket, pounds for every such ticket; and that the sum of seven hun- TyCI°u dred thousand pounds so raised by the said lotteries, shall carry {^ttcries^o ° an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum % carry an unredeemable by parliament; and that all the said annuities shall nuity 0*41. commence and be computed from the fifth day of Aprils one P*r cc.n*-thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and shall be paid by take p\ace on half-yearly payments, in even and equal portions, on the tenth 5 April, 1763. day of October and the fifth day of April in every year. and to be paid

half-yearly, viz. on 10 Oft. and 5 April.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, n^bj^he

That all such subscribers or contributors, their executors, ad- whole^of tiicir ministrators, successors, and assigns, paying in the whole of subscriptions the sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said sum towards the of two millions and eight hundred thousand pounds, on or be-^sum 0.^ fore the eighteenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred 18°n

and sixty-three; or paying in the whole of the sums subscribed oft. towards the first lottery, on or before the twentieth day of or toward* the April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three 5 or paying first lottery on in the whole of the sums subscribed towards the second lottery, Aprorto*0 on or before the tenth day of October then next following j shall wards the fe-be intitled to an allowance of so much money as the interest of cond lottery the respective sums so paid in shall amount to, after the rate ofon

three pounds per centum per annum, from the day on which such aSowed^ bite-payments shall have been actually made, to the twenty-fourth^for the day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, lame, at the in respect of the monies so paid for completing their contribu- rate ofjl. per tiens to the said sum of two millions and eight hundred thou- the time sand pounds; and to the twenty-first day of April, one thou- of such pay-sand seven hundred and sixty-three, in respect of the monies so ment, to4 paid for completing their contributions for the first lottery $ and Nuv.in respect to the eleventh day of October^ one thousand seven hundred so^of and sixty-three, in respect of the monies so paid for completing »f8oo, ooool. their contributions for the second lottery \ which allowances and to »i

U 4 # shall AP^ 1"

2 $6 Anno tertio Georgii III. c.1'2.

fpeft of tbc tft shall be paid by the said cashiers out of the monies To contri-lottrry, and United respectively, as soon as such subscribers or contributors, the second°n their exccutor^ administrators, successors, or assigns, fhaD hare lottery. completed such respective payments; and that all the subscribers

And those or contributors towards the said lotteries, their executors, ad-

PayinS the ministrators, successors, or assigns, paying in the whole of the their subscript- ^ms fabscribed towards each or either of the said lotteries, tien towards shall also have tickets for the lottery, in respect whereof every

each of the such payment shall be completed, delivered to them to the

said lotteries, amount of the sums so respectively paid, at the rate of ten delivered0^5 P°unc^s for each ticket, as soon as such tickets can conveniently them to the a- be made out. mount of their subscriptions.

Annuities XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities irTh/hank aforesaid shall be transferable at the bank of England.

Cashier of the XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

bank to give fewl, That the cathier or cashiers of the governor and company receipts for of the bank of England, who shall have received or shall receive

the monies any part of the said contributions towards the said sum of two

paid in > millions and eight hundred thousand pounds, shall give a re-

ceipt or receipts in writing to every such contributor for all such p liable at ^ums> that the receipts to be given shall be afljgnable, by in-any tfm/be- dorfement thereupon made, at any time before the fifth day of fore 5 Dec, December, one thousand seven hundred and (ixty-three, and no 17^3- longer.

GUhier to AXXVIII. Provided always, That such cashier or cafhkrs give security*shall give security to the good liking of any three or more of the of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the tune being, for duly answeringand paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer for the publick use, all the monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive from time to time, of and for the said sum of three millions and five hundred thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the lame, and for and to pay the performance of the trust hereby in them reposed; and shall monies into from time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or they the exche- shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days

quer. afterwards at the farthest, and shall account for the same in the

exchequer, according to the due course thereof, deducting thereout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act; for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

Tteafti to XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-apply'ftMB ° fa^> That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the monies to the of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time Services voted being, to issue and apply, from time to time, all such sums of by the com- money as shall be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's ex-

mons. chequer by the said cashier or cashiers, to such services as shall

then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

XL. And

iy6s.] Anno terfib GftbRGii III, c.n. 297

XL. And Be it farther enacted by the authority kforeftid, Contributors That in the office of the accomptant-gerieiial of thegovemtfr* &jto and company of the bank of England for the time being, a book th/officc 0? or books shall be provided and kept, in which the narties Of the the accomptr contributors shall be fairly entered $ which boOk or books the ant-general of said respective contributors, their respective executors, tfdtiiini- tile strators, successors, and assigns, shall and may, from tlftife to time, and at all seasonable times, refbrt to and inspect 'without any fee or charge; and that the said accountant-general shall, on or before the fifth day of July, one fhou&rid seven hundred tr^mitted and sixty-fiye, tfanfmit an attested duplicate, fairly Written dn into theau-paper, of the said book or books into the office of the auditor ditor's office of the receipt of Kis Majesty's exchequer, there to refrain for hrs W7* ever. 17650

X*LI. And be it farther fenacted by the atithority aforesaid. Contributors Thatfuch contributors, diily paying the whole furti or films P.ayinS Tuhscribed at or before the respective times iti this aftlimited fa ftriptions", ib-that 1>ehalf, and their respective executors, adtninistrators, fuc- titled to a* ceflors and assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be ia- proportional titled by virtue of this act, to have, receive, and enjoy their pro- ibaxe in the portionable share of the said annuities of four pounds per un- turn per annum, by this act granted, and shall have ^obd and parliament, fare interests and estates therein, subject nevertheless to redemption, as is herein after mentioned; and that all the annuities by the ftme this act granted shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impo- be tax free, fitions whatsoever.

XLIL Provided always, That in case any such contributors Contributors who have already depouted with, or shall hereafter pay to, the "otmaking said cashier or cashiers, any sum or sums of money at the times S00 and in the manner before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums ^thin the so by them respectively subscribed towards the said sum of two tune limited, millions and eight hundred thousand pounds, or their respective to forfeit their executors, adtninistrators, successors, or assigns, shall not ad- dcP°fits> vance and pay to the said cashier or cashiers the residue of the sum or sums. so subscribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then, and in every such case, so much of the respective sum or sums so subsenbed as shall have been actually paid in part thereof to the said caftiier or cashiers shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick 5 and all right and title to and all right the said annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per an- to the said num in respect thereof, shall be extinguished; any thing in this annuities, aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wise itotwith-standing.

XL1U. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Principal sums That as soon as any contributors, their executors, administra- to be placed tors, successors, or assigns, shall have completed their payments ref^ec-of the whole sum payable by them respectively towards the said ^>ntn!C* sum of two millions and eight hundred thousand pounds, the butorss principal sum or fumsfo by them subscribed and paid respectively, shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors., their executors,

298

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.12; [1763.

cutors, administrators, fuccdTors and alfigns completing such payments respectively; and the persons to whose credit such prmcipal futn shall be so placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors or assigns, shall and may have power to The same may assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion be assigned, thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England: and such Turns shall carry an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per armumy redeemable by parliament, and shall be taken and deemed to be stock transferable, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption thereof in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

XLIV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time or times it shall happen that the produce of dUblishedfor the fund by this act established for payment of the said an-the ftid an* nu*ties, A12" not be fofficient to pay and discharge the same, imities, to be and other charges directed to be paid at the end of any or either made good of the respective half-yearly days of payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be paid; then and so osten, and in every such case, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the monies which at any time or times shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fur-plufles, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues compos-rng the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any former act or acts of parliament in that behalf; ) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be from time to time issued and applied accordingly; and if, at any time or times before any monies of the said duties shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there (halJ happen to be a want of money for paying the said annuities, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the half-yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then, and in every such case, the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the monies of the sinking fund (except as before excepted) and be issued accordingly.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever monies (hgll be issued out of the fink-

and carry annuities of 4I. per pent.

Deficiencies of the fund

from time to time out of the sinking

fund a

which are to be replaced

fition of parliament.

out of the first ing fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the supplies. first supplies to be then after granted in parliament.

Surplus mo- XLy I. Provided always, and be if enacted by the authority nies reserved aforesaid. That in case there shall be any farplys or remainder for the difpo- of the said additional impositions, rates, and duties, upon wines and vinegar, and of the said duties upon cyder and perry, by this a d granted and established, as the fund for payment of the said annuities, after, the said annuities and charges and all arrears thereof are satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose; such surplus or remainder shall from time to time be reserved for the disposition of parliament, and shall not be issued but by the authority of parliament, and as shall be directed by future , ^d or acts of parliament; any thing in any .'"'former

1763 ]'Anno tertio Georgii III. c.12. 299

former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVn. And, for eltablishing a proper method for drawing Managers and the Cud lotteries, be it further enacted by the authority afore- <hredortof said. That such persons as any three or more of the com- ^Vppolnted missioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for by thetrea-the time being, shall nominate or appoint, shall be managers fury, and diredors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to oversee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform, such other matters and things as are hereafter in and by this act directed and appointed by such managers and diredors to be done and performed; and that such managers or diredors shall meet together, from time to time, at some publick office or place for the execution of the powers and trusts in them reposed by this act; and that the said managers and diredors, or so many of Method of them as shall be present at any such meeting, or the major the lottery part of them, shall, for each of the said lotteries, cause books to be prepared, in which every leaf shall b$ divided or distinguished into three columns; and upon the innermqft of the said three columns there shall be printed thirty-five thousand tickets, to 35, 000 tickets be numbered I, II, III, and so onwards in an arithmetical pro- to be printed gression, where the common excess is to be one, until they rife off. to and for the number of thirty-five thousand; and upon the middle column in every of the said books shall be printed thirty-five thousand tickets of the same breadth and form, and numDered in like manner; and in the extreme column of the said books there shall be printed a third rank or series of tickets, of the same number with those of the other two columns; which tickets shall severally be of an oblong figure, and in the said books shall be joined with oblique lines, nourishes, or devices, in such manner as the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, shall think most safe and convenient; and that every ticket in the said third or extreme column of the said books, for the first lottery, shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the tmmber of such ticket) words to this effect;

FIRST LOTTERY, 1763.

THE bearer hereof is infilled to five, in amtui-tieSyat the rate offour pounds per centum per annum, attending the first lottery, to be drawn pursuant to an act of parliament made in the third year of his Majesty's reignt or to a better chance.

and that every ticket in the third or extreme columi} of the said books, for the second lottery, shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the number of such ticket) words to this effcfl:

$F.COND

Goode

goo

Anno tertfo 'GeougiT III. c. ia. f 1763.

SECOND LOTTERY, 1763.

THE bearer lh(reds is intttted 'to 'five founds, its

ties, at 'the rate of souper centum per annum, attending Ihe second lottery, to be drawn pursuant to an all of parliament made in the third year of his Majesty's reign,

or to n better chance.

Managers to XLVIII. And it Is hereby enacted, that the said managers examine the and directors, or fb many of them-, as shall be present at a Jh0*1- Wfth theethig, or the major part of them then rpresent, -shal and deliver cdrefolly examine ithe laid respecttve boohs, "with the tickets thern after to 'therein, and 'take care that the same be contrived, numbered, the cashiers ofand made, ticcdfdit % to the true intent and meaning of this "ad, the bank, tak- and Ihdll deliver, or cause to be delivered, the same books, and for the same. 'leveiTor tuiy'of'them respectively, as they shall'be examined, to the Idid calhler or cashiers, taking from such cashier or caftriers, an adtnowied^ment in Writing Under his or their hand or hands.

importing his or their receipt of such book or books, and to many'tickets therein as shall be delivered to him or them re-

Cashiers, to fpecftively and all and every such calhler or ealhiers fefpedtrvety aTue a ticket 'js and are hereby directed and required, upon his Or their re-recdvecT 17ceiving every or any entire film of ten pounds, in full payment'' of a ticket, for either of the said lotteries, from any perron or

a.A. ml^< A. - _aZ 1 - J A. M — _ a. J J.fcl .a J — mm^C £-1 _ A. — AS^

persons contributing or adventuring as aforesaid, to cut a ticket For such reljje&lve lottery. Out of the said extreme column, in one of the books (b to be put into his or their custody, through the said ObliqUe lines, flourilhes, or devices, indentwife, whidi ticket the'fald cashier or cashiers shall sign with his or their own name or names; and he or they shall permit the contributor, if it be deli red, to write his or her name or mark on the cor-refpOndiilg tlcket in the same book-; and at the same time the said calhler or cashiers shall deliver to the said contributor the ticket so cut off, which he, (he, or they, are to keep and use for the better afcCrtaining and securing the interest which he, Ihe, or they, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or alfigprs, shall or may have in the ferd fund.

Cashiers to - XLIX. And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid,

return the That the said cashier or cashiers shall, at or before the respective

books with the t; mes herein after limited, redeliver to the said managers and th^tidfets °* directors, at their office or place of meeting, all the said books, undilpoied, in and therein all the tickets which the said calnier or cashiers shall reipea of the not have'cut out and delivered to the respe£tive contributors as k ]0£tTy: aforesaid; that is to say, such of the said books and tickets is

and oftlJe* relate to the first lottery, shall be so redelivered on or before the second, by9 fourth day of A/dy, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three; Ottober i and such of the said books and tickets as relate to the second

lottery, shall be so redelivered on or before the twenty-ninth day bfOchbtr, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three j

and

Anno terriaGeougii m. c, u.

and the said cashier ojc caflfyers /haft, at th& time of Asch rede- and account

livery of the said tespective books^ give to the f^id managers ^rtV?0lues>

and directors, a true and iuft account in writing, wder his

their hand or hands, of all sums of money which shall then'

have been received by him or them, for and upon account of

the lottery in respect whereof such boohs shall be so redelivered,

and how much of such monies shall have been a.ftually paid by

such cashier or carriers into the receipt of the exchequer, for

the purposes herein mentioned; and that the said managers J*ck^un*

and directors, or the major part of them, which shall be pre-, be Slivered

sent as aforesaid, shall forthwith cause all the tickets of the said into the

outermost columns^ which shall not have been delivered to the chequer,

contributors as aforesaid, if any such be, to be delivered into the

receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, thqre to be retained and kept

as calli, to be issued, fold, and disposed of, for raising money for.

the purposes in this act mentioned, as any three of the com-

roimoners of his Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the

time being, shall judge reasonable and fitting.

L. And be it further ena&ecL That the said managers and Tickets of the directors, or the major part of them which shall be present at tobe any meeting as aforesaid, shall cause aft the tickets of the mid- roue<j up>^die columns in the books made out with three columns as fattened with aforesaid, which shall be delivered back to them, hv or from the >

said caftiier or cashiers as aforesaid, to be carefully rolled up and made fail with thread or silk $ and the said managers o»r directors, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall in their presence, and in the presence of such contributors or adventurers as will be there, cause all the said tickets which are to^an so rolled up and made salt as aforesaid, to be put pff indentwife indentwjfe through the said oblique lines, flourishes, or deyices, into a hqx into a , >ox. to be prepared for that purpose, and to be marked with the let- , ?a, |k<d ter (A) which is presently to be put up into another strong box, g '

and to be locked with seven different locks and keys to be kept locked up and by as many of the said managers, and sealed with their seals or foaled, the seals of foine of them, until the said tickets are to be drawn as is herein after mentioned, ai>d that the tickets in the first or jnnermost columns of the said books, shall remain (till in the books, for discovering any mistake or fraud (if any such Should happen to be committed) contrary so the true meafling of this act.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Books to be That the said managers and directors, or the major part of prepared with them, which shall be present at any meeting as aforesaid, (halltwo co!u"i?s§ also prepare, or cause to be prepared, other books for each of the said lotteries, in which every leaf shall be divided or dif- tickets to be tinguished into two columns; and upon the innermost of those printed, two columns there shall be printed tliirty-five thousand tickets for each lottery; and upon the outermost of the said two columns there shall be printed thirty-five thousand tickets; all which shall be of equal length and oreadth, as near as may be; which two columns in the said respective books shall be joined

with

302

The number and value of the fortunate tickets*

Anno tertio Georgii III. c.12. [1763,

with Tome flourish or device, through which the outermost tickets may be cut off indentwife; and that in each lottery five thousand eight hundred tickets, part of those to be contained in the olitermost columns of the books last mentioned, shall be and be called the fortuhate tickets, to which extraordinary benefits shall belong, as is herein aftermentioned; and the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, or such of them as shall be present at any meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said fortunate tickets for eatch lottery to be written upon, or otherwise expressed, as well in figures as in words at length, in 'The number manner following; that is to say, upon two of them severally, and value of ten thousand pounds, principal money; upon two of them feve-ttefertunate rally, five thousand pounds, principal money; upon everyone of uckets. four of them severally, two thousands pounds, principal money;

upon every one of ten of them severally, one thousand pounds, principal money; upon every one of twenty-seven of them severally, five hundred pounds, principal money; upon every one of one hundred and twenty-five of them severally, one hundred pounds, principal money; upon every one of five hundred and thirty of them severally, fifty pounds, principal money; upon every one of five thousand and one hundred of them severally, twenty pounds, principal money: which principal sums so to be written, or otherwise expressed upon the said fortunate tickets in each lottery, together with five hundred pounds, principal money, to be allowed to the owner of the first drawn ticket, and one thousand pounds, principal money, to the owner of the last drawn ticket in each lottery, over and above the benefits which may happen to belong to the two last mentioned tickets and together with the sum or five pounds to be paid or allowed for and upon each blank or unfortunate ticket of the said lotteries, will amount in the whole, for each lottery, to the principal sum of three hundred and fifty thousand pounds, to be converted into annuities by virtue or this act, in respect of the said Tickets of th ^otter*es > an<* t^e said managers and directors, or the major outermost*Part of them, who shall be present at any meeting as aforesaid, columns of shall cause all the said tickets contained in the outermost co-the last men- lumns of the said last mentioned books for each lottery, to be in the presence of the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, which shall be present at any meeting as aforesaid, and in the presence of such contributors or adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fattened with thread or silk, and carefully cut out indentwife through the said flourish or device, into another box to be prepared for this purpose, and to be marked with the letter (B) which box shall be put into another strong box, and locked up with seven different locks and keys, to be kept by as many of the said managers, locked up and and sealed up with their seals, or the seals of some of them, until lealed. these tickets shall also be drawn in the manner and form herein after mentioned; and that the whole business of rolling up and cutting off, and putting into the said boxes the said tickets, and locking up and sealing the said boxes, shall be performed respec-

tively

500I. to the first drawn ticket, and xooool. to the last drawn. Value of the blanks.

tioned book to be rolled up and tied,

and cot out indentwife, iuto a box marked with the letter (B) Box to be

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. cf 12. 303r

tively by the said managers and directors, or such of them as aforesaid, before the last six days immediately preceding the day by this act appointed for the drawing the respective lottery, to which such business shall relate: and to the end every person Publick no* concerned may be well allured that the counterpart of the same t\cvceJl00fC number with his or her ticket is put into the box marked pilN

with the letter (A) from whence* the same may be drawn, and ting the tick-that other matters are done as hereby directea, some publick «t« into the notification in print shall be given of the precise time or times boxes-of putting the said tickets for each of the said lotteries into the said boxes, to the end that such adventurers as shall be minded to fee the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

LIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, First lottery That on or before the thirtieth day or May, one thousand seven to begin hundred and sixty-three, the said managers and directors shall Rawing on cause the said several boxes, with all the tickets therein for the May}°and° first lotteiy, and on or before the twenty-eighth day of November, the second, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, the said managers on or before and directors shall cause the said several boxes with the tickets 28 Nov< therein for the second lottery, to be respectively brought into the Guildhall of the city of London, so* that the same may be there, and placed on a table provided for that purpose, by nine of the dock in the forenoon of the said respective days, and shall then and there severally atten.d this service, and cause the two boxes, containing the said tickets, to be severally taken out Method to be of the other two boxes, in which they shall have oeen locked observed in up; and the tickets or lots in the respective innermost boxes <h*awing'&c# being, in the presence of the said managers and directors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such adventurers as will be there for the satisfaction of themselves, well lhaken and mingled in each box distinctly; some one indifferent and fit person, to be appointed and directed by the said managers, or the major part ot them, or such of them as shall be then present, shall take out and draw one ticket from the box where the said numbered tickets shall be as aforesaid put; and one other indifferent and fit person, to be appointed and directed in like manner, shall take out a ticket or lot from the box where the said five thousand eight hundred fortunate, and the twenty-nine thousand two hundred blanlc tickets shall be promiscuously put as aforesaid; and immediately both the tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the number, as well of the fortunate as the blank ticket, shall be named aloud; and if the ticket taken or drawn from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots shall appear to be a blank, then the numbered ticket so drawn with the said blank at the same time drawn, shall be both put upon one file; and if the ticket so drawn or taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots shall appear to be one of the fortunate tickets, then the principal sum written upon such for^ tunate ticket, whatsoever it be, mail be entered by a clerk, which the said managers, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for thi* purpose, into a book to be kept for

entering

Cj

3?4

After each day's drawing, the boxes tobe locked, up and sealed.

Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the Turns, in each lottery, to be printed. Disputes relating thereto, to be ad-jufted by the managers. Penalty of forgingtickets or certificates,

Felony.

Anno tertio Georgii. III. Cii2. [*763;

entering die numbers coming up with the said fortunate tickets, and tfce principal sums whereunto they shall be intitled respectively, and two of the said managers thall let their names as witnesses to such entries; and the said fortunate and numbered tickets so drawn together, shall be put upon another file; and so the said drawing of the tickets shall continue, by taking one ticket at a time out of each box!, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the lame, and by entering the fortunate lots in such method as is before mentioned, until the; whole number of five thousand eight hundred fortupate tickets, and one"more for the last d^awn as aforesaid, shall be completely drawn in each lottery $ and as the same cannot be performed in one day's time, laid ipapagers or diredors shall cause the boxes to be locked up and sealed in manner as aforesaid, and adjourn till the next day, and so from day to day, and every day (except Sundays, Christnfa^day, thanksgiving and fall days) and then open the same, and proceed as above, till the said whole number of five thoufifpd eight hundred fortunate tickets, and one more, shall be completely drawn in each lottery respectively as aforesaid; and afterwards the said numbered tickets lo drawn, with the for-tupate tickets drawn against the lame, shall be and remain in a strong box locked up as aforesaid, and under the custody of the said manage) until they shall take them out to examine, ad-just, and settle the prpperty thereof.

LUI. And to the end the fortunate may know, whether ab-fipnt or presept, to what degree they have been so, be it enacted, That the said managers shall, as ioon as conveniently may be, aftey the said drawing of each lottery is over, cause to be printed and pufclilhed, the number of the tickets drawn against each for-tunat$ ticket* and the principal sum written of the same; arid if any contention or dispute shall arise in the acjjufting the property of the said fortunate tickets, the major part of the said managers agreeing therein, shall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong > and if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit any ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, to be made forth by this act, or alter any the numbers thereof, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, or offer to dispose of, any false, altered, forged, or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, or mall bring any forged or counterfeit ticket or certificate, or any ticket or certificate the number whereof is altered (knowing the same to be such) to the said managers, or any of them, or to thecalhieror accomptant general of the bank or England for the time being, or to any other person or persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent intention, then eveiy such person or persons being thereof convicted indue form otlaw, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy, and the said managers and diredors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised, required, and impowered, to cause any person or persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates as aforesaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him,

2 her.

iy>3.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 12.* 305

her, or them, to his Majesty'fc gaol of newgaW, or to the common gaol of the county or place where such person or persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said felony according to law.

LIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the all- Managers to rhority aforesaid, That every person that shall be. appointed as befworn. aforesaid, to be a manager and director for putting this act in execution, before his acting in such commission, mall take the oath following; that is to say.

I A. B. do /wear, That I will faithfully execute the trust The oath j reposed in me, as a manager and director of the lotteries, efiablished by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign; and that I will not use any indireff art or means, or permit or direS any person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot, for myftlf, or any other person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavour to prevent any undue or ftnifier practice to be done by any person whatsoever; and that I will, to the best of my judgment, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

which said oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the other managers and directors. managers.

LV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful tocaihier.on and for the said cashier or cashiers, having given security as afore- receiving the said, at any time or times before such cashier or cashiers shall have residue of the received any book or books for the said respective lotteries from the said managers, comprehending the ftid thirty-five thousand9tickets for each lottery in three columns as aforesaid, to receive from any person or persons who will voluntarily offer, contribute, and advance the residue of any sum of ten pounds, or several Turns of ten pounds, upon this act as aforesaid, the Turns so offered to be contributed or advanced at one entire payment, upon both or either of the said lotteries, or in such proportions and manner as aforesaid, before such cashier or cashiers shall have received such respective book or books; and the said to g*ive cashier or cashiers shall give a note or receipt under his or their ceipts for the hand or hands, for the sum or sums so contributed, specifying farae \ the lottery in respect whereof such monies are paid; and and the bear* shall be obliged thereby, and by this act, to give the bearer ofers intitledto every such note or receipt, a ticket or tickets of the extreme. lottery column of the three columns book or books aforesaid in the fa me lottery, for every ten pounds so contributed, paid, or answered, pai^ 10 ' as soon as he or they shall be enabled thereunto, by delivery of any such book or books to him or them from the said managers as aforesaid; any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. Provided also, That in case any such contributor or Contributors, adventurer as aforesaid, who shall have advanced and paid »ot making VOL. XXV. X down S°od their

infeed, to for feit their de-posits.

306 Anno tertto Georgii III. c. 12. [176^

payments down to such cashier or cashiers, a proportion of his, her, or theftddlott0r^eir consideration-money towards the said respective lotteries, teries, within ^er> or their executors, administrators, successors or assigns, the times li- do not advance and pay unto such cashier or cashiers the remaining part of his, her, or their consideration-money lb to be paid in full for such tickets as aforesaid, on or before the respective times for paying thereof, as aforesaid, that then, and in every such case, every such contributor or adventurer shall forfeit and lose to his Majesty, for the use of the publick, the proportion of his, her, or their purchase-money which he, (he, or they shall have so paid down as aforesaid, towards and upon account of the lottery in relation to which such default shall be made$ and in such case, no ticket or tickets for such lottery shall be delivered out by the said cashier or cashiers to such contributor or contributors making such default, but the ticket and tickets which Should have been delivered to such contributor and contributors, had they paid the full money for the tune, shall be returned and delivered to the said managers and directors by the said cashier or cashiers, together with the other ticket or tickets (if any) in the outermost column of the respective book and books first herein mentioned, and directed to be prepared, which shall not have been disposed of to contributors as aforesaid; and such ticket and tickets* upon and for which defaults of payment shall have been rtiade as aforesaid, shall be J1?*to.delivered into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, with other intotheex-^ undisposed tickets (if any) there to be retained and kept as calli, and to be issued, fold, and disposed of, for the purposes, and in the manner, herein before directed and appointed with respect to the said undisposed tickets; and the said contributor and contributors making such default, shall not have or receive, or be intituled to have or receive, any benefit or advantage for or in respect of the money which he, (he, or they shall have paid for or towards the purchase of such ticket or tickets; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the monies to arise by and out of any of managers and the supplies granted in this session of parliament, it shall and clerks, and may^lawful to and for any three or more of the commissionen of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to re* ward the said managers and directors, and the clerks and officers to be employed by and under them, and any other officers and persons that mall and may be any ways employed in this afiair, for their labour and pains, and to discharge such incident expences as lliall necessarily attend the execution of this act* in such manntr as any three or more of the of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall, from time to time, think fit and reasonable in that behalf; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall fell the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets, or any share or shares of any ticket or tickets,

in

and the tickets for such sums to be

chequer.

Treasury to reward the

defray all incidental charges of the lotteiy.

Limitation of sale of chances, &c.

D j by

r?6j ] Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 12. 307

meach or either of the said lotteries, for a day, or part of a day, or for a longer time less than the whole time of drawing the lottery, then to come; or shall receive any money whatsoever in consideration of tht re-payment of any (urn or lums of money, case any ticket or tickets in each or either of the said lotteries shall prove fortunate $ or shall lay any wager relating to the Penalty, drawing of any ticket or tickets, either as to the time of such ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether such ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate*and all and every person and persons who shall offend in any of the aforesaid matters,

shall forfeit and pay treble the sum and (urns of money which shall have been received by such person and persons* contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at WeJbninJUr; in which no effoln, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same $ and every such sale, wager, or contract, and every agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

UX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons felling That if any person or persons shall keep any office or offices, or ^kets^f shall print or publifti any scheme or propolal, for receiving any which they sum or sums of money in consideration of any interest to be are not pof* granted for the same, in any ticket or tickets in each or either ^c(Tcd. of the said lotteries, whereof such person or persons shall not then be aChially possessed 5 or in consideration of any sum or sums of money to be repaid in case any ticket, or number of tickets, in each or either of the said lotteries, which shall not be in the actual possession of such person or persons, shall prove fortunate or unfortunate 5 all and every such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds 5 to be re- forfeit 500I. covered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majest/s courts of record at JVtJlminster 5 in which no efibin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same j and also shall suffer three months imprisonment without bail or mainprize.

LX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Offences com-That if any offence against this act, or any of the acts of par- mitted in Ire. liament made in this kingdom, for preventing private and un- afiamlt lawful lotteries, shall be committed in Ireland, the offender shall any of ti^ incur the like penalty and punishment to be inflicted in like act % for pre-manner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom; and venting un-that such penalties as by this act, or any of the said acts, are directed to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of re- ptTATrtiable cord at fVeHtmnJlery shall, in case of offences committed against and the pc-

X 2 this nalties may be

feed for ia

dlubliu.

308

Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 12[1763.'

this act, or any of the said acts, in Ireland, be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin. k '

After the LXI. And to the end that all and every the payments, as Rawing of wey Upon the fortunate as upon the unfortunate tickets, may the tickets'to be more ea6ty ascertained, settled, and adjusted, for the persons be exchanged who shall be and become intitled thereunto; be it further forcertifi- enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as conve-

cates. niently may be, after the drawing of each lottery shall be com-

pleted and ended, all and every the said tickets to be given out as aforesaid shall be exchanged for certificates, to be signed by such of the said managers as shall be appointed for that purpose.

Managers to LXII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said magi ve notice of nag€rs as any three or more of the of of the treasury, tscting?nthe or t^ie high treasurer for the time being, shall appoint to take in tickets, and the said tickets, and deliver out the said certificates for and in deliveriiyj out lieu thereof shall give timely notice, by advertisement to be the certin- printed and published in manner as they shall think fit, of the

cates, «c. days anj tjmes for taking in the said tickets, and delivering out the said certificates for and in lieu of the same; and every persons certificate shall be numbered in course, in respedfc of each lotteiy, according to their bringing their tickets to the managers (0 to be appointed for exchanging the lame j to which pur-Books to be pose such managers shall enter, or cause to be entered into a book kept for en- or books to be by them'kept for that purpose for each lottery, MracVofper- t^lc name evei7 person who shall bring any ticket or tickets foils bringing to be exchanged for such certificate or certificates, and the num-tickets to be ber or numbers of the ticket or tickets which shall be so brought exchanged; by such person or persons, the value in principal money payable ben oft he"1" thereupon, and the day of the month, and the year of our Lord said tickets, when the same was so brought; which respedbve book and &c.*books shall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking in

the said tickets to be exchanged for such certificates, for all per-Certificatesto fons concerned to peruse; all which certificates shall be signed be signed, &c. the managers so to be appointed^or the major part of them, and be directed to the accomptant-general of the bank of England for the time being.

Accomptant- LXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, general of the That the said accomptant-general of the bank of England for give cred?t for t^le ^me being, to whom the said certificates are to be directed the principal as aforesaid, shall, upon receiving and taking in the said certifi-fuma contain- cates, or any of them, give credit to the persons named therein, edin thecer- in a book or books to be by him provided and kept, for the an^assign- principal sums contained in every such certificate \ and the per-menti may be f°ns to whose credit such principal sums shall be entered in the made of the said book or books, his, or their executors, administrators, fuc-f*id furas, &c. ceflors, and afllgns, shall and may have power to assign or transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in books to be prepared and kept by the said accomptant-general s and the said principal sums so entered, assigned, or transferred,

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.12.

3°9

shall carry the said annuity of four pounds per centum per Annum^ and shall be taken and deemed to be (lock transferable by virtue of this act, until the redemption thereof in manner herein after mentioned$ and the said accomptant-general of the and he is to hank of England for the time being is hereby authorized and file and cancel directed to cancel and file the certificates as they shall from th*ccrti^' time to time be received and taken in by him, and to give the gtvenote* in persons bringing in the same, a note under his hand, testifying fieu thereof, the principal money for which they shall have credit in the said book or books by reason or means of the certificates so received, taken in, and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the annuities attending the same.

LXIV. And, for the more easy and sure payment of all the A chief ca-annuities established by this act, be it further enacted by the.fl"er»w|d authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the ^er^to be bank of England, and their successors, shall, from time to time, appointed by until all the said annuities, after the rate of four pounds per cen- the bank for turn per annum, shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or paying, the more sufficient person or persons within their office in the city anmutics» of London, to be their chief or first cashier or caftiiers, and one other sufficient person within the same office, to be their ac*-comptant-general 5 and that so much of the monies applicable Treasury to to this purpose as shall be sufficient, from time to time, to answer issue money the said annuities, and other payments herein directed to be made out of such monies, shall, by order of the of j^d cashier; of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant, to be sued for, had, and obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said receipt of exchequer to the said first or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for the time being, by way of imprest and upon account, for the payment of the said annuities payable by virtue of this act; and that such cafliier or cashiers to whom the said who to a<>

money shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to COunt for the time, without delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his same, or their accounts theicof, according to the due course of the 1 er.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Accomptant-That the said accomptant-general for the time being shall, from general to extime to time, inspect and examine all receipts and payments of cdpts and^ the said cashier or ea(hiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in payments of order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay; and that all the cashier. persons who shall be intided to any of the annuities hereby granted, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be Annuities possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be de- deemed a per* fcendable to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the MaUftate, . custom of London, or otherwise; any law, Statute, or caftom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

The monies contributed towards the said sum of 3, 500, 000!. to be deemed 1 capital and joint stock transferrable.

Anno teitio Georgii III. c.12.

Oause of re* demption.

Transfer books to be kept by the accomptant-general.

Method of

transferrins

stock.

Arinuktes de vifeable by will.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies to be advanced or contributed by virtue of this act, towards the said sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall be deemed one capital and joint flock; and that all persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the monies by them severally advanced for the purchase of the said annuities, dr to which they shall become intitled by virtue of this act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proper* tional interest and share in the said (lock, and in the said an* nuities attending the same, after the rate aforesaid; and that the said whole capital or joint (lock of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, or any share or interest therein, shall be assign* able and transferrable as this act directs, and nototherwi/e.

LXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the au» thority aforesaid, That at any time upon six months notice to be printed in the London Gazette* and fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London; and upon repayment by parliament, of the said sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by payments not lets than five hundred thooiand pounds, at one time, in such manner as shall bediredked by any future act or acts of parliament ki that behalf, and also upon full payment of all arrearages of the said annuities; then, and not till then, such and so much of the said annuities as shall be attending on the principal sums so paid off, shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any vote or resolution of the house of commons, signified by the (peater in writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient notice within the words and meaning of this act.

LX VIII, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That books shall be constantly kept by the said accomptant-

?jeneral for the time being, wherein all assignments or trans-ers of all sums advanced or contributed towards the said sum of two millions eight hundred thousand pounds, and of aH sums determined and ascertained by the drawing of the said lotteries, shall at all seasonable times be entered and registred 5 which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfer; or, if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attorhies thereunto lawfully authorized in.writing, under his or their hand and seal, or hands and f$als, to be attested by two br more credible witnesses^ and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof $ and that no other method of assigning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law.

LXIX. Provided always, That all persons pofiefied of any share or interest in the said stock of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by wiH in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses 5 but that no payment shall be

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. C.i2? 311

made upon any such devise, till so much of the said will as re- En^prt?i>c. lates to such share, estate, pr interest in the said (lock of annuities, be entered in the said office $ and that in default of such transfer wjjjt or devise, such share, estate, or interest in the said (lock of an- Transfer not nuities, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, Jjabje toftamp and assigns; and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charg- dutlcs* ed on any of the said transfers: any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Treasury to aforesaid. That out of the monies arising from the contributions Pay all inci- towards raising the said sum of three millions five hundred thouknd pounds, any three or more of the of of execution 0? the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall have this act j power to discharge all such incident charges as shall necef-larily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint and to make such allowances as shall be thought proper for the service, aa pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for, the said contributions; and allb general» shall have power to make out of the fund by this act established, or out of the sinking fund, such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable, for the service, pains, and labour of the said calmer or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act, and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accomptant-general for performing the trust repoled in him by this act; ail which allow- to be at the ances to be made as aforesaid in jrefped to the service, pains, and labour of any officer pr officers of the said governor and ny of company, shall be for the use and bepe£t of the said governor the bank, and company, and at their disposal only.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further anaded by the to con'^ authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank ot England, and their fucceuors, notwithstanding the re- these annul-demption of all pr any of their own funds in pursuance of the tics be reads for establiftung the same, or any of them, shall continue a dccnaed* corporation for the purposes of this act, till all the annuities by this act granted shall be redeemed by parliament as aforesaid; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England^ Qr any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

LXXII. And be it further pnacted, That no foe, reward, or No fee to be gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his ta!^c.n for rc* Majest/s subjects, for receiving or paying the said contribution- paying the monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or receipts concern- contrftution-ing the same, or for issuing the monies for paying the said an- monies, annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any sum great or nuities*

(mail to be made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any offender, or person offending by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, shall forfeit fae sum of twenty pounds on penalty of to the party aggrieved, with foil co(Uox soit, to be recovered by 20

X 4 action

3i2 Anno tertio Georgii III. c.13. [1763^

acftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of, or by colour of this aor of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or General issue. persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, in his or their defence or defences; and if afterwards, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon de-treble cofo. murrer or otherwise; then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XIII.

An act for more effectually securing the payment of the duties upon malt, by preventing frauds in the obtaining of allowances y and the mixing of fresh corn or grain with corn or grain making into malty

WHEREAS by a clause in an act of parliament made in the thirty-third year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled, An at yiting clause for granting to his Majesty several duties upon malt, and for Geo ii? raising the lum of eight millions by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged of the said duties 5 and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the gauging of com making into malt; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; it was enacted. That if from and after ther eighth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, any malfler or maker of malty during the continuance of the duties on malty Should not wet or Jleep his barley, or other corn or grain intended to be made into malty in the cijlemy uting-fat, or other veffely so as that the same Should be covered with water, and continue Jo covered in such cijlemy uting-faty or other vejftly for the full space of forty hours from the time of its being first wet and covered with water as aforesaid, before he Should obtain or takey or draw the water from the famey such malfler or maker of malt Should in such case not be intitled to the allowance of four bushels in every twenty, in charging the said duties by gauge either in the cijlern or couch: and whereas there is not any provision made by the said act for enabling the officers of excise to ascertain when such corn or grain is first begun to be so wetted or Jleepedy and consequently, whether such malfler or maker of malt is intitled to such.allowance as afore laidand by reason of such defefty the whole purpose of the said clause has been intirely deseated: and whereas great fi auds have been committed by the mixing of corn or grain with com

1763, ] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.13. 3*3

or grain Keeping in order to be made into malty. whereby the revenue and the fair trader have been greatly injured: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of Makers of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, during the for?orac

continuance of any of the duties on malt, every malfter or ma-ker of malt for home consumption, (not being a compounder for compounders, the-duties on malt) whose malt-house or malt-houses is or are are to give situate in any city, or the suburbs thereof, or in any market- d"c notice to town, shall, at lead twenty-four hours before he or she mall begin officer°J^ex-to wet any corn or grain to be made into malt, give, or cause to cife, before fee given, to the officer of excise under whose survey such malfter their wetting or maker of malt shall then be, a notice in writing of the par- My. or ticular hour or time of the day when he or she intends to wet.r com or grain to be made into malt j and every other malfter or9maker of malt for home consumption (not being a compounder for the duties on malt) whose malt-house or malt-houses is or are not situate in any city, or the suburbs thereof, or in any market-town, shall, at lean forty-eight hours before he or she shall begin to wet any com or gram to be made into malt, give or cause to be given a like notice in writing; and in case any such and if they do malfter or maker of malt shall not begin to wet his corn or not keep to or grain, and immediately proceed to cover the whole thereof with water at the hour or time mentioned in such respective notice, or ^-c to* -within three hours next after the expiration of the said hour give fresh no-and time, then, every such notice shall be and is hereby decla- tice. red to be null and void 5 and every such malfter or maker of malt shall be obliged to give a frdh and like notice, before he or she shall begin to wet his or her com or grain; and that no Hours of set-such malfter or maker of malt shall begin to wet any corn or tin£to work* grain to be made into malt, but between the hours of four in the morning and nine in the evening: and in case any such malfter ofommin* or maker of malt shall neglect or refuse to give such notice, or, their duty m having given notice which shall become void, shall neglect or the premisses; refuse to give a fresh and like notice, or, having given such no- orbeingjguiity tice or notices, and begun to wet any corn or grain in pursuance ^YtraI3^.U" thereof, shall neglect or refuse immediately to proceed to cover ^on therein, the whole thereof with water, and to continue the same so covered for the full fpacc of forty hours from the time of its being first wet and covered, or shall begin to wet any com or grain at any other time than between the hours of four in the morning and nine in the evening; or if any such malfter or maker of malt, after the officer hath taken an account of the corn or grain deeping in the cistern, uting-fat, or other wetting place or utensil, shall add any fresh corn or grain to the corn or grain so steeping; every such malfter or maker of malt offends ing in any of the said cases, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, n. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

the

314 Annos tcrrioGEORGH III. c.i4. {1763,

Recovery, mi- the penalties or forfeitures for any offence against this act, shall appUcadoiTof may* fu«i for» levied and recovered, or mitigated, by the (tallies. same ways, means, and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture given by any of the laws of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, can or may be Cued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, or by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma|efty's courts of record at Westminster; and that one moiety of such penalties or forfeitures shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the lame.

CAP. XIV.

An act for the encouragementof John Harrison, to fuilish and mdkt known his invention of a machine or, for the discovery of the longitude at .

Preamble, re- \XWHEREAS by on act made the twelfth year of the reign

atine clauses YV tf for late mojejly Queen Anne, , An act for pro-

viding a public reward forluch person or persons as shall difeo- ver the longitude at sea; it is enacted, That in case the commijfun-ers thereby appointed shall be ft far of the probability of any

such discovery, os to think it proper to make experiment thereof and shall certify the same to the of the, with the

names of the persons making propofols for. that then any suns

$r sums of money, not exceeding two, shall be paid by the treasuror of the navy to such person or persons as shall pointed by the commffioners of the longitude, to make those experiments ;

And it is thereby further enacted, That the first or discover ers of any method for fading the shall have a reward of

ton thousand pounds, tf it detorminos the longitude to one degree of

great circle, or Jixtygeoptopbtcal units} fifteen thousand pounds, if.to two thirds of that difiance; and twenty thousand pounds, if to uu half of the famedi)boHtc\ to be paid by the treafurtr of the navy, by'the appointment of the said commffioners, when aship Jail to

any ficch part of the West Indies they Should appoint, without Mug the longitude beyond the limits before mentioned: And it is thereby further enacted. That if in the judgment of

the said commffioners, be found of cotfiderable use to the the

author thereof, Should have such less reward as the Should think reasonable: And whereas by an act made in the twenty-sixth #< Quo, % . y* reign of his late majesty King George the to

der more effectual the act beretn before recited, with regard to making

experiments of propofols for discovering the longitude, reciting thefore-said act; and that John Harrison bad made propofols for the pofos in the Jame aft mentioned, with which the cmmijfioners of longitude were so far satisjied, that they had thought it proper to make experiments thereof, and had certified the same from time to time to she of of the navy, together with the name of the said John Harrison; and that the treafurtr of the navy had thereupon paid one thousand two hundred and fifty pounds to the said John

Harrison,

3*5

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.14.

Harrison, as part of the two thousand pounds mentioned in the above-said act of the twelfth of Queen Anne; and also reciting, That five hundred pounds had likewifi been paid to bdafter William Whifton, for the like purposes; so that only two hundred and fifty pounds remained out of the find sum of two thousand pounds; and further \

reeitingy That by continuing to encourage ingenious persons to make further improvements and experiments in order to discover the longitude, fitch difiovery might at length be produced, as might effectually answer that end; it is enabled) That two thousand pounds more might be issued and paid by the treasurer of the navy for the making further experiments under the like directions as aforefind: And whereas by an act made in the ficond year of his present Majesty's reign for*Geo. 3. rendering more effectml the above-mentionea act of the twelfth year of Queen Anne, with regard to making experiments of propofols for mjcovering the longitude) reciting to the effect above recited; and that the money granted for making experiments, pursuant to both of the said aftS) had been wholly expended, the further sum of two thousand pounds was granted by the said act of thesecond year of his present Majesty, for the like pwrpofeS) and to be applied in the like manner:

And whereas the utility of the invention of the find John Harrison has been proved in a late voyage to Jamaica, under the directions of the of of the longitude: And whereas the find commissteners at their meeting on the seventeenth day of August lafi did adjudge, that by the tried made of the find infirumenty it was found of considerable use to the puhUck, and did thereupon make an order for the payment of the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds to the said John Harrison, in manner therein mentioned; videlicet, one thousand five hundred pounds, part thereof) immediately) and the remaining one thousand pounds when he, or any per fin employed by hint) Should return from making a further trial in the West Indies; but it was to be underjhody that the said fan of two thousand five hundred pounds Should beefttemed as part Of either of the rewards granted by act of parliament for discovering the longitude: And wherebs thefa'td John Harrison has accordingly received the said sum of one thousand five hundred pounds; and his represented to the commifioners of the longitude) That he would not by any means decline any further trial of the instrument or watch which he has invented) before the principles thereof shall be made publick; but that his present advanced age) the weakpefs of his fight) and the danger of the voyage to the health and life of his fix, upon whom alone the fiucefs of the find invention will depend, may ri/k the iofs of so ufiful a difiovery) net only to the disadvantage of the said John Harrison, but alfi to the very great detriment of mankind: And whereas, the of of longitude having received the said representation, did, at their meeting on the twenty ffixth day ^February lafi» manimoufly agree to recommend to the said John Harrison to make an application to parlia-menty in order that his said invention may he made known to the public, upon Jack terms and in fitch manner as to the parliament shall seem meet: Therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

assembled.

316 Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 14.

Upon a dif- assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so loon z\\ l°Harri(on J°^n Harr if on, his executors or administrators, (hall1

of theprin- make or cause to be made a full and clear discovery of the principles of his ciples of his said instrument or watch for discovery of the watch, and longitude, and of the true manner and method in which the of conltouft kmc ls may be conllrudled, unto the right honourable lord ing the same, Charles Cavendish, the right honourable the earl of Morten, the to the com-*right honourable lord Willoughby of Parham, George Lewis Score mittee here esquire, fellow of the royal society. Mailer James Short fel-mentioned, jow Gf the royal society, the reverend Mailer John Mitchell Woodwardian professor at Cambridge, Mailer Alexander Camming, Matter Mudge of Fleet Street, Mailer William Frodsham, Mailer Andrew Dickie, and Matter James Green of Fenchurch Street, who, and their pub- as well as the said John Harrison, are hereby required to puhlish tithing the and make the same known, so that other workmen may be cn-lame, abled to make other such instruments or watches for the same

purpose; and so soon as the said lord Charles Cavendish, the earl of Morton, lord Willoughby of Parham, George Lewis Scott t James Short, John Mitchell, Alexander Camming, Matter Mudge, William Frodsham, Andrew Dickie, and James Green, or the ma-and certifying jof part of them, shall certify in writing under their hands and such difeove- feajSj to the of of his Majesty's navy for the time of John Harrison hath fully and clearly made

of the navy; the said discovery for the purposes aforesaid, then, upon pro-the commit- during such certificate, the said of of the navy are fioners are to hereby authorized and required to make out a bill or bills for Sr^oooo 1 the sum of fiye thousand pounds payable to the said John Harri-

payable to

him by the treasurer of the navy.

son, his executors or administrators, by the treasurer of the navy; which sum the treasurer of the navy for the time being, is hereby required to pay immediately to him the said John Harrison, his executors or administrators, out of any money that shall be in his the said treasurer's hands unapplied for the use of the navy.

So soon as the t II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so loon as it shall appear by future trial or trials, that the said instru-

said instru-

ment shall by ment or watch invented by the said John Harrison, shall be a

future trials t.r, .. , ... f_ _

appear to be a proper method for finding out the longitude withm any of the proper me- limits prescribed by the aforesaid act of the twelfth year of Queen Anne, and the said of of longitude, or the major lonritiide, 6 P31* t^em» certify the same accordingly, undertheir hands

within the and seals to the of of the navy for the time being.

s pi

feribed aft i*

navy for tfte time being, then the said of are hereby authorized and required

Anna: and the to ma^e out a^or^t^c respective film or films of comunitioners money to which the said John Harrison, his exceptors, admini-of the longi- strators, or alsigns, shall oe intitled by virtue of the same act; tude shall cer- which sum or sums the treasurer of the navy is hereby required tify the lame; to pay to t^e said John Harrison, his executors, administrators, niade^ut0*or adigns> out of any money which shall be in his hai>ds unpayable as applied to the use of the navy; first deducing thereout the aforesaid for before mentioned sum of fifteen hundred pounds already received by the said John Harrison, and the said sum of free

thousand

the f»ims he frail he inti-

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.i 5. .317

thousand pounds granted to him by this present act as afore- ded to, by

*0 J Virtue of the

fjud- said aa.

deducing the film* before received by him.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No other per-That no person or persons, other than the said John Harrison, Con to be m-his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall have or be in-ntled to a retitled to any of the reward granted by the said act of the twelfth J^said act, of Queen Anney by means or on account of any instrument or on account of instruments for keeping time, until the merits of the said in- anyinftru-ftrument or watch invented by the said John Harrison> shall be meat for keen#, ascertained; provided that the ascertainment thereof shall be ^erit^of made within four years next after the passing of this act.'Harrison's

watch be ascertained.

CAP. XV.

An act to prevent occasional freemen from voting at elections of members to serve in parliament for cities and boroughs.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS great abuses have been committed in making freemen of corporations, in order to influence elections of members to serve in parliament, to the great infringement of the rights of freemen of such corporations, and of the freedom of elections: To prevent such practices for the future; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three,

[None to vote as freemen, at elections of members, but such as have been admitted to their freedom 12 months before such elections;]

no person whatsoever claiming as a freeman to vote at any election of members to serve in parliament for any city, town, port, or borough in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, where such voter's right of voting is as a freeman only, shall be admitted to give his vote at such election, unless such person shall have been admitted to the freedom of such city, town, port, or borough, twelve calendar months before the first day of such election: And if any person shall presume to give his vote as a freeman at any election of members to serve in parliament, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act,

[on penalty of 100l.]

he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to him, her, or them, who shall inform and sue for the same; and the vote given by such person shall be void and of no effect.

[Persons intitled to their freedom, by birth, marriage, or servitude, excepted.]

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any person intitled to his freedom by birth, marriage, or servitude, according to the custom or usage of such city, town, port, or borough.

[Penalty of antedating the admission of any freeman, 500l.]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any mayor, bailiff, sheriff, town clerk, or other officer of any corporation, or other person whatsoever, shall wilfully and fraudulently antedate, or cause to be antedated, any admission of any freeman, such mayor, bailiff, sheriff, town clerk,

318 Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 15. [1763.

officer, or other person, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds to him, her, or them, who shall inform and sue for the same.

[The books and papers of admission of freemen to be open to inspection, upon demand of a candidate, his agent, or a freeman, upon payment of 1s. and copies and minutes of the admissions to be given, paying reasonably for writing the same; and the books, &c. to be produced, if demanded, at every election,]

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor, bailiff, sheriff, town clerk, or other officer of any corporation, having the custody of, or power over, the records of the same, shall, upon the demand of any candidate, or his agent, or any two freemen, on the payment of one shilling, permit such candidate, agent, or freemen, between the hours of nine in the morning and three in the afternoon, at any time before, and within one month after, any such election as aforesaid to inspect the books and papers wherein the admission of freemen shall be entered; and to have copies or minutes of the admission of so many freemen as such candidate, agent, or freemen, shall think fit, upon paying to such mayor, bailiff, sheriff, town clerk, or other officer, a reasonable charge for writing the same; and such books and papers shall, if demanded by such candidate, agent, or freemen, be produced by such mayor, bailiff, sheriff, town clerk, or other officer at every election, and be referred to, in case any dispute shall arise touching the right of any person to give his vote thereat: And if such mayor, bailiff, sheriff, town clerk, or other officer, shall refuse or deny such candidate, agent, or freemen, the inspection of such books and papers, or to have copies or minutes thereof, or shall refuse or neglect to produce such books and papers at any election, if demanded and paid for in the manner herein before set forth,

[on penalty of 100l.]

such mayor, bailiff, sheriff, town clerk, or other officer, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to him, her, or them, who shall inform and sue for the same.

[The penalties may be recovered, with full costs of suit;]

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all forfeitures or penalties laid or imposed by this act, shall be recovered, with full costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed,

[provided the prosecution be commenced within a year.]

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be liable to any forfeiture or penalty by this act laid or imposed, unless prosecution be commenced within one year after such forfeiture or penalty shall be incurred.

[This act to be openly read by the returning officer, at all elections by freemen, immediately after act 2 Geo. 2.]

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the returning officer shall read, or cause to be read, openly, this act, at the time of election of members to serve in parliament for cities, towns, ports, or boroughs, where the right of election is in the whole, or in part, in freemen as aforesaid, immediately after the reading of the act passed in the second year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the elections of members to serve in parliament.

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 16. 319

[This act not to extend to London or Norwich.]

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the cities of London or Norwich.

CAP. XVI.

An act to 'impovoer the of or governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, after defraying the necessary expences thereof, to provide for such seamen worn out and become decrepit in the of their

country, t oboshall not be provided for within the said hospital; and to enable them to receive such penficms as )ball be granted them by the said or gover-

nors, in the most easy and convenient manner, and for preventing frauds and abuses attending the same.

WHEREAS by several alts of, sundry estates,

rents, and sums of money are granted, and specially appropriated, for and towards the finishing and completing the building of

the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich; and for and towards the maintenance of the seamen in the said hospital worn out and become decrepit in the service of their country: And whereas no part of the said estates, rents, and sums of money, tan be applied by the missioners or governors of the said hospital, for or towards the relief ofany worn out or decrepit seamen, who are not provided for within the said hospital: And whereas the revenues of the fend hospital will probably be sufficient to provide for a cnumber of poor seamen, as out-penfoners, and it would tend to the increase and encouragement 0} seamen, if the said of or governors were enabled, after defraying the expenses of the said hospital, to provide f^Jiuhfeamen as out-pens, oners ofthefaidhofpitaU Therefore, be it enacted by the King s most excellent majesty, by and with defraying the the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and expences of commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au- the hospital, thority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for ^impower-the of or governors of the royal hospital for lea- Out-pcnsion# men at Greenwich, and they are hereby authorized and impower- to such worn-ed, after defraying the necessary expences of the said hospital, out anddecre-by and out of the estates, rents, revenues, or other monies be- P*c longing to the said hospital, to provide for such seamen worn , ^aJccr' out and become decrepit in the service of their country, who not provided shall not be provided for within the said hospital; any thing in for within the the said acts to the contrary notwithstanding. hospital.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Ash*nments, all alignments, bargains, falcs, orders, contracts, agreements, &c. of pay, or securities whatsoever, which shall be given or made by any made by our* out-pensioner, for, upon, or in respect ot, any sum or sums of p«of»oners, money, to become due on any out-pension granted by the com- V0ld' missioners or governors of the said hospital, shall be absolutely null and void to all intents and purposes.

III. And, the more effcdhially to enable such seamen to receive

Treaftirer of the hospital to make out duplicates of the out pen-fions, according to the annexed formi

The form*

Anno tertio Georgii III. c. if>. [176^

ceive such out pensions as shall be granted to them by the &d of or governors, in the most easy and convenient manner, and for preventing frauds and abuses attending the same; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being, and he is hereby authorized and required, as often as there shall be occasion, to make out, or cause to be made out, two bills for every such out pension granted by the said of or governors; which bills shall be duplicates, and joined together with oblique lines, flourilhes, or devices, in such manner as the said treasurer shall think proper, and shall be made payable to such out pensioner by the receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the ercife, or clerk of the cheque respectively, according to the appointment in such bills5 and the said bills being numbered and dated, shall be signed by the said treasurer, or his first clerk, and attested by the steward or clerk of the cheque of the said hospital, and be written or printed according to the following form:

THE FORM.

A. N° I. Greenwich Hospital

SIR,

PAY to B. D. of in the county of

out pensioner of Greenwich Hospital, upon producing the duplicate hereof - together with a certificate under the hands of the minijjer and church-wardens,r, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, under the hands of the mnifier and two elders of the parish where the said B. D. resides, that the said B. D. to the befl of their knowledge and belief is the person named in such bill, the jum of being

on account of the out-pension of the said B. D. if the same shall be demanded within six calendar months from the date hereof; othertvife you are to return this bill to the treasurer of the royal hospital at Greenwich, at the said hospital.

I-The receiver-general of the land tax of the county of

To<

The collector of the customs at the port of

The collector of the excise at

The clerk of the k cheque at

Signed (A. B.) treasurer of the royal hospital at Greenwich, or bit first clerk.

jttttfed (C. D.) steward or clerk of the cheque of the royal hospital at Greenwich.

By virtue of the act of the third of King George the Third.

N. B. The

321

N. B. The personating or falsly ajfuming the name and character of any out-pensioner of Greenwich Hospital, in order to re-tehjt the out-penfm due to futh out-penfioher, or procuring any other to do the Jarhe, is made felony without benefit of clergy, by the third of King George the Th'&d.

knd as (bon as the said bills shall be so made out and signed, Bills to be cut be said treasurer shall causethem to be cut asunder, indent wife, asunder; brough the oblique lines, flourilhes, or devices; and shall One to be ? ause one of the said bills to be transmitted forthwith to the transmitted to >erfon nominated and specified in such bills, and the other of the th.e?y aid bills to be transmitted forthwith to the said receiver-general and'the0 if the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the ex* other to the rife, or clerk of the cheque, on whom such bill shall be so person on lrawn as aforesaid: And the said receiver-general of the landhon? t.hc ax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, and D^plicat^and derk of the cheque, if the said duplicates of such bill shall be certificate to produced and delivered to either of them respectively within be examined Ex calendar months from the date thereof, are hereby required when pro-and enjoined to examine such duplicate, together with the cer* ^verified Jq tificate to be produced as aforesaid; and to enquire into theoathj truth thereof, oy the oath of the person producing the same; which oath they are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer; and upon being duly satisfied of the truth of andteftifiedon such certificate, to testify the same on the back of such bill; and the back shall immediately pay to such out-penhoner, without fee or re- t^, reot 1 ward on any pretence whatsoever, the Turn contained in such be bfll, taking his receipt for the same on the back thereof; which made thereof; bill Co paid, upon being produced and delivered at the office of which is to be the treasurer of the navy, shall be immediately repaid by the "P* by the said treasurer, to such receiver-general of the land tax, collec* °*

for of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, Y* or to the order of any such receiver-general, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque respectively: But in case the duplicate of such bill shall not be produ- if the dupH-ced and delivered, and the payment thereof be demanded, with- cate and oer-in six calendar months from the date thereof, or if a proper cer- no£

tificate of the person claiming such out-pension be not likewise payment Reproduced, then the said receiver-general, collector of the cuf- manded with-toms, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, shall re- in 6 months, turn such bill to the treasurer of the said hospital at Greenwich, the h* at the said hospital, who shall cause such bill to be cancelled; ^treaforer and frbm and after the cancelling the same, such part of the said of the navy, pension shall accrue and become payable, in like manner, as if and cancelled, the said bill had not been made out.

IH. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such receiver-general, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, if there shall to whom the duplicate of any of the bills herein before direc- be a want of ted to be made out, shall be tendered for payment, shall not mony then have in his hands publick money sufficient to answer the^t€|^

Vox, XXV. Y same.

322 Anno tertio GborgU III. c.16.

dcred for pay- same, and shall refute or delay the immediate payment thereof ment> such receiver-general, collector of the customs, collector of the

excise, or clerk of the cheque, shall immediately indorse on the the day of it* back of the said duplicate, the day of its being so tendered to

deref and the the cau^e rcfu^l or delay to pay the same; and

causeofnon-C appoint thereon, for the payment of such bill, same fu-payment, to ture day, within the space of two months at the fertkeft from be indorsed the day of its having been first tendered to him, as afbnefeid 5 ahSC<to?bend with the indorsexnent thereon shall immediate-

fixe/for the ty b delivered back to the person presenting the same: And if, payment. upon complaint to be made to the respecttYC of appointed by his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, to manage the said several duties of the land tax, customs, or exciie, or to the If payment of of the navy, if the person complained of be a flnll have been Of t^c cheque, it shall appear that such receiver-general*

refused orde. collector of the customs, collefbr of the excise, or derk of the laytd, cheque, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or ddayed the

payment of such bill; or that such receiver-general, coUeftnr of the customs, collector of the excise, or dark of the cheque, or, any person employed by or under any of them, hath <fire£dv or any fee, or indirectly received or taken any fee, reward, gratuity, dif-&e. taken on count, or deduction whatsoever, on account of the payment of payment, ^bill; it shall and may be lawful to and for any three

Mender may or more of the said of to oonvuft and fine aery such fee fined in any offender under their respectve direction, in any Aim not ex-hiinnptex- ceeding fifty pounds, according to the nature and degree of the*"* 5° offence, which conviction shall be made by such rtfpe&ve of, and such fine shall be levied and recovered, in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as any convidHon may be made, and any penalty may be levied or recovered, for any offence against any law by which any custom to be paid to or excise is imposed or laid; and the said fine, when recovered, the informer, shall be paid to the informer or informers against such offender or offenders#

Bills paid by IV. And be it further enacted by the authority afarefeid, the treasurer That all the bills so paid by the said treasurer of the navy* shall gfthc n*yt0 be allowed as so much cash, paid in ready money* in the ac-his ac- counts of the said treasurer of the navy, with the said treasurer

counts! - of the said hospital at Greenwich; and the said treasurer of the

feid hospital is hereby required and directed to allow the same accordingly; any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise not-withftanaing.

Penalty of per- Vr. And whereas divers wicked practices may be carried on &>natmg and by persons knowingly and willingly personating and falsely af-faUely aflinn- fumjn£ the name and character of any out pensioner of the (Slid ofganyCout^e hospital, in order to receive the money due to any such out pensioner, in pensioner, on account of his out pension, be it further enacted order to re- by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of c^ive the pen- t^j8 a(c^ whosoever willingly and knowingly shall personate or orprocuring falsely a(Tume the name or character of, or procure any other any other to to personate or falsely to assume the name or character of, any do the same, person

Anno tcltio Georgii ill. cuy. 323

person intitl^d, or supposed to be intitled, as an out-pensioner,

to any out-penfioti or allowance of money from the of dr governors of the said hospital, m order to receive the

moriey due, or supposed to be due, on such out-pension j every .f M

such person so offending, and being teVrftilly convidked df any without bene*

such offence or offences, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and fit ot clergy*

suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XVII.

An net for raffing d certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and for further appropriating the /applies granted ip this session of parliament, akdfaf allowing his Majestfs fubjtcts to import their goods and effects, being the produce of certain places ceded to France and Spain by the late treaty of peace, upon payment of thi same duties as they would have been liable to, if such places, had remained in his Mqjfftfs poffejton.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Jubjetis, the comment Preamble^ of Great Britain in parliament assembled, for raising the te-fidue of the necessary supplies, which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have refohed to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly befeeth your Majesty, that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-» thority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for Treafuhr ini* the of of his Majesty's treasury now, or for the time powered to being, or any three or more ot them, or the high treasurer for the time being, at anytime or times before the fifth day of chequer bills, January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, to cause for any sum or diredk any loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's ex- not exceeding chequer from any person or persons, natives or foreigners, body I^°0, oogl* or bodies politick or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding, in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the sum of one million and eight hundred thousand pounds; in the same or like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and diredkions, as in and by an adk of this In like matt* present session of parliament, intituled, An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and m2Ljt perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty- this session, ibret, are enacted and prescribed concerning the loans or ex* concerning chequer bilk to be taken or made in pursuance of the said adk.

thereby to be taken or made.

Ya II. And

Go.ogle

324 Anno tertio Georgii III. C.17J (17^

Clauses, &c. D. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, in the said act That all and every the clauses provisoes9 powers, privileges) ad-relating to vantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difebilities contained in the ctequer bUk^"ft mentioned act relating to the loans or exchequer bills q9authorized to be made by the same act (except such clauses as do charge the lame on the taxes granted by the same act, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and also except as is herein after mentioned) shall be_applied and ex-extended to tended to the loans suid exchequer bills to be made in pur-this act. fuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same loans or exchequer bills had beeaorigi-nally authorized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the bid several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and fe-enacted in the body of this act.

Exchequer III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-bills fodTued, jhonty aforesaid. That no exchequer bill or bills to be made dere^ or re* ?ut v'rtuc this act, shall, after the same hath or have been ceived in pay- Tfluea^t the exchequer, be afterwards at any time before the ment of any sixth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and sixty-foor, t* thcfrfhc received or taken, or pass or be current to any receiver or arf-CAD&i.ijS+x ^e<^or m Great Britain, of the cultoms, excise, or any revenue,' supply, aid, or tax whatsoever due or payable to his Majesty,

his heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or per-tmlefs the'fons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwise or on any other ac-fame shall be count than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, m case in course of the same shall be in due course or oraer of payment before the Fore^hefsdd" 'April* nor shall any such receiver or coHe&or

day. exchange, at any time before the feia sixth day of April* for any

money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in hw hands, any exchequer bill or bills, which shall have been issued as afore-feia, by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector for rtegledting or refilling to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money, before the said (ixth day of April; any thing in the said act made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for continuing ad granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum* cyder, end perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred ondftxtj-three, or this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding. The same so*IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be repaid out That all such loans or exchequer bills, together with the in-rij^iwwhichterc^ premium* mte, and charges, incident to or attending the (hSl be grant- same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, td in the next and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first aids or /up-fefltoni plies which 'shall be granted in the next session of parliament;

and in case sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose shall not be granted before the fifth day of July* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to

or

1763 ] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.17. 325

or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such monies as, at any time or times at or after the said fifth day of July, shall be or remain iii the receipt of °/th? the exchequer, of the surplusles, excesses, overplus monies, and if no^pplie* other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sink- be granted ing Fund (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are ap- before 5 July, propriated to any particular use or uses by any adfc or acts of|764-parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and apnlied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority , aforesaid. That whatever monies shall be so issued out of the pofeoutot the said furplu(fes, exce(fes, overplus monies, or other revenues sinking fund, composing the sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be re- to

placed by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary not- pp withstanding.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the authority"1^ baJk im-aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and Advance, on company of the bank of England, to advance or lend to his Ma- the said crc-jesty in like manner at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the dit of loan, credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or sums of money any sum or not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million and eight

hundred thousand pounds; any thing in an act made in the ,00, 0001. fifth and sixth years'of the reign of iCing William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for granting to their Majesties several rates the act 5 & 6 and duties upon tonnage of ships and vessels, and upon beer, ale, and 'Y-, lot" other liquors, for securing certain recompences and advantages in the wltkftandinE* said act mentioned, to such persons as Jhdll voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the au- The monies

thority aforesaid, That all the monies coming into the ex- the

chequer, either by loan* or exchequer bills, upon one act of m*this session of parliament, intituled, An act for continuing and

granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty^ three, and so much money, if any such be, of the duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the same act, and all the interest, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said duties, shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved in the exchequer to satisfy and di(-diarge the same; and also all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other act >.

Y 3 of

326

Land tax.

Anno tertio Georgii IIL 0.17,

annuity and Ipttcry ad ;

of this'session of parliamept, intituled, An act for granting an eoi to his fylajejly by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, fir tho service of the year one thousand fruen hundred and sixty-three; and so much money, if any such be, of the tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made pr to be made on the laipe aft, and all the interest, premium* rate, and charges therepn, and the charges allowable thereby fqr raising the fyid lancj tax, Should be fotisfied, or money firs-ficient shall be referyed in the exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the monies coming into the exchequer by contributions for annuities, and two lotteries, granted by ope other ad of this session of parliament* intituled, An act for granting to hit fyajejly several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry \ andfir

raising the Jum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the said duties ;

*ith the sum the sum of two millions out of such monies

and also as shall or may

char^d'on01 fonplfoses, excesses, or overplus mopes, jmd other

the (inking

fund $

revenues composing the fund* commonly called 7be Sinking Fund, directed to be ifjfued and applied by one other act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund) and fir applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the ferwe of the and also the yiar one thousand fruen hundred and sixty-three; and* also the sum sum of forty seven thousand one hundred and twenty pounds, nine

Surplus re- shillings, and six pence, remaining in the' receipt of the exchequer, being the surplus of the several duties upon beer and ale, granted by an act made in the first year of his Majesty's reign, after satisfyiqg all charges and incumbrances thereupon, to the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three \ and also such part of the fora of tweqty thousand pounds granted to his Majesty in the last session of parliament upon account, towards defraying the charge of the pay of the tniliti* of that part of Great Britain called England, wnen unembedkd,

_______ and of the cloathing of the part of the said militia then unetn-

theiaft session, bodied, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March) for pay and^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, as shall remain in the receipt of the exchequer, after the said charges are fatigued by the said last mentioned act made in this session of parliament, directed to be issued and applied; and the further fom of one million and eight hundred thousand pounds by this act granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, for and towards the several uses and purpofos herein after expressed: that is to say, it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be iftiied and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding two millions forty thousand six hundred and sixty-one pounds, three shillings and eleven pence, for or towards the naval services herein after particularly expressed $ that is to say, for or towards victuah, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualing thereof, " performed

urplir maining in the exche-

3uer, of the uties on beer and ale; also the surplus unapplied of the sum of ao, ooool. granted in

cloathing of the unembodied militia 5 and the further sum of i, 8oo, ooool. granted by this act, are appropriated as follows; videlicet, 7, 040, 6611.

3 s. 11 d. thereof towards naval services in general.

l7^3-) Anns tertio Georgii III. c.17.'

ertformed and to be performed; and for or towards sea services n the offiee of ordnance, performed and to be performed $ and or or towards defraying the ordinary of his Majesty's navy, and or half-pay to sea officers; and for or towards maintaining bur thousand two hundred and eighty-seven marines; and for nr towards the buildings, rebuildings, and repairs, of his Ma-efty's ships, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-liree.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, so.r That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there ^ho^itaf shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money near Ply-not exceeding three thousand pounds, for completing the works mouth.

of the hospital for lick and wounded seamen building near Plymouth.

IX. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, 10, 000l. upon That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall account to and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money not fionersof exceeding ten thousand pounds, upon account, to be applied by Greenwich the commissionefs or governors of the royal hospital for seamen hospital for at Greenwich* for the support and relief of seamen worn out and out-pension-become decrepit in the service of their country, who shall not be ers* provided for within the said hospital.

X. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid,04, 3*91. for That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall charge of the and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money not nancefor " exceeding two hundred four thousand three hundred and land service. twenty-nine pounds, for the charge of the office of ordnance

for land service, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three.

XI. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, 4j743»*°5* That out of all or any the aids or fopplics aforesaid, there shall*>

and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money not ex- oTtKcVand' oeeding four millions seven hundred forty three thousand eight force* in hundred and five pounds, thirteen shillings, and eleven pence general 3 farthing, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's land forces, and other services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, any sum or sums of money not exceeding four hundred whereof eighty five thousand three hundred and seventeen pounds, two a, #

shillings, and ten penefc, for defraying the charge of fifty-six charjre^of thousand three hundred and sixty effective men, for guards and effec-garrisons, and other his Majesty's land forces in Great Britain, tive men, Guernsey, and Jersey, including those in Germany, Portugal, and from5 Dec. Belleifie, for one hundred and twenty-one days, from the twenty-7 ,

fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-*7 two, to the twenty-fourth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, both days inclusive, according to their present establishment, and for reducing their numbers; and any lum or furtis not exceeding four hundred eight thousand three 40$, 37*!. 131. hundred and seventy-two pounds, thirteen shillings, and four 4d. for charge pence, for defraying the charge of seventeen thousand five fc&we men- Lundred and thirty-six effective men, commissioned and non- including in-

Y 4 commissioned valid*, for

3*8

guards and garrisons, trom 25 Apr. 2763, to 24 Dec. follow* ingi

178, 8931. ns. for the forces and garrisons in the plantations, &c. from 25 Dec. 1761, to 24 Apr. 1763)

3*.

6d. for forces, and garrisons in the plantations, See. from 25 Apr, 1763, to 24. Dec. following i

16, 4381. 78-for the two regiments of norse ferying in Germany^ apd four regiments of Foot on the Irish establish-inent, serving in North America, from 25 Dec. 1762, to 24. Apr. 1763 j

x 1, 2911. 8s. $d. 2q. for pay of the general and general staff officers?

150, oodl. for pay and f loathing Of f he militia; 23, 3511. 17s. pd.to the reduced of-Jfcers of the'land forces iiud marines 5

Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 17J [1yGj;

commissioned officers included, and including two thou/ani seven hundred and forty-three invalids, for guards, gar*, rifons, and pther his Majesty's land forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, apd Jersey^ from the twenty-fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, to the twenty-fourth day of December following, both days inclusive, being two hundred and forty-four days5 pny (urn or sums of money not exceeding two hundred seventy-eight thousand eight hundred and ninety-three pounds, and eleven shillings, for jnamtaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in the plantations, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Africa, Martimco, and the Havarmab, and for provisions for the garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Providences Quebec, Guadeloupe, Senegal, and Qoree, for one Hundred and twenty-one days, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, to the twenty-fourth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, |x>th days inejufive, according to their present eftabWn-meift, and for reducing their numbers; and any film or sums of money not exceeding two hundred eighty one thousand seven hundred eighty one pqunds, three shillings, and six pence, for jpainfaining his Alajesty'? forces and garrisons in the plantations, including those in garpfpn at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provisions for the garrisons in Nova Scotia. Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Quebec, and Senegal, for two hundred and forty-four days, from the twpnty-fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, to the twenty-fourth day of Deumber following, both aays inclusive \ and any sum or sums of money, jnot exceeding sixteen thousand four hundred thirty-eight pounds, and seven shillings, for defraying the charge of two regiments of horse serving in Germany, and four regiments of foot serving in North America, on the Irish establifoment, for one hundred and twenty-one days, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one* thousand seven hundred and (ixty-two, to the twenty-fourth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, both days inclusive $ and any sum or fytms of money, not exceeding eleven thousand two hundred ninety-one pounds, eight shillings, and six pence halfpenny, for the pay of the general and general staff officers in Great Britain, for the year pne thousand seven hundred and sixty-three j and any sum or sums of money, hot exceeding one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, ppe thousand seven hundred and sixty-three: and any sum or films of money, not exceeding thirty-three thousand three hundred fifty-one pounds, seventeen shillings, and fix

[>ence. ppon account of the reduced officers of his Majesty'$ and forces and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three; and any fupi or sums of money, not exceeding eighty-eight thousand seven hundred and four pounds, three shillings, and four pence, upon account of the reduced officers of his Majesty's land force* already disbanded, and fu$h as are

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 17.' 329

to be disbanded, for the year one thousand seven hundred and M'70+L'h3S* sixty-three; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding two educed of-thousand nine hundred and ten pounds, one shilling, and eight fcers of the pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to the several land forces, officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horse guards and regiment of horse reduced, and to the superannuated gen-^, dllbana" tlemen of the four troops of horse guards, for the year one 1)n', 0l. u. thousand seven hundred and sixty-thrpe; and any sum or sums sd. to the of money, not exceeding one thousand seven hundred and forty- °cer* "<* two pounds, for the paving ofpenfions to the widows of such SS£f 5S. reduced officers of his Majesty s iand forces and marines as died two troops of upon the establishment of half pay in Great Britain, and who horse guards, were married to them before the twenty-fifth day of December, and regiment one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the year one and thousand seven hundred and sixty-three; and any sum or sums superannuat-of money, not exceeding fifty-one thousand seven hundred and ed gentlemen eight pounds, thirteen millings* and four pence, upon account, of d*1* for out-pepfioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three; and any sum or sums of money, i, 74, i7fa? 1 not exceeding eighty-five thOufend one hundred fifty-eight potions to pounds, fourteen shillings, and eight-pence, and three leventh officers wi-

Jarts of a penny, for defraying the charge of two thousand one dow#i.

undred twenty horse, and nine thousand nine hundred foot, 4d*7for'ouN together with the general and staff officers, the officers of the pensioners of hospital, and officers and others belonging to the train of ar- Chelsea hofpi-tillery, the troops of the landgrave of Hesse Cassel, in the pay of^1 .

Great Britain, for ninety days, from the twenty-fifth day of De- sJ^d^fiib-eember, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, to the twen-fidy/andTor ty-fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-troops of the tf^ree, both days inclusive, together with the subsidies pursuant^j! to treaties; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding pUr^iant eighty-seven thousand six hundred and ninety pounds, eighteen treaties; shillings, an<d six pence, and four seventh parts of a penny, for de- 87, 6fol.18s. fraying the charge of an additional corps of nine hundred and 7d, a/or twenty horse, and six thousand and seventy-two foot, togetherrooilg°"f with the general and staff officers, the officers of the hospital, Hcflc Cassel j and officers and others belonging to the train of artillery, the troops of the landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, in the pay of Great firitain, for three hundred and twenty-eight days, from the first day of Januaty, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, to the twenw-fourth day of November, following, both days inclusive, pursuant to treaty; and any sum or aims of money* 4 l4g> pot exceeding forty-five thousand four hundred and twenty 6d. $-7d. for pounds, sixteen shillings, and six pence, and three seventh parts augmentation of a penny, for defraying the charge of an augmentation to the1 troops of the landgrave of HeJJe Cassel in the pay of Great pJrfuaent toe* Britain, confiding of six hundred and fifty-six horse, and two treaty $ thousand seven hundred and thirty-six foot, for three hundred and thirty-five days, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, to the twenty-fourth (lay of Novembera one tfioufond fevep hundred and sixty-three,

' both

330 Anno tertio Georgii III. c. if [1763.

49, 3081.i«.id. both days inclusive, pursuant to treaty; and any Aim or Anns ? bfd* ford °* money 001 exceeding forty-nine thousand three hundred and ncopTof^he P°unds, one shilling and one penny, and three eleventh dukcof parts of a penny, for defraying the charge of one thousand Bronswick, four hundred and forty-four cavalry, and two thousand three purfbaat to hundred and thirty infantry, the troops of the reigning duke of*1 Brunswick, in the pay of Great Britain, for eighty-six days, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, to the twentieth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, both days inclusive, together with the subsidies for the said time, pursuant to treaties; and 4, 3ftSl, Ss. 5d. any sum or sums of money not exceeding four thousand three to make good hundred twenty-eight pounds, eight shillings, and five pence, to thedefidency make good a deficiency in the Turn voted last session, for the voted laftfef- P*Y °*m augmentation to the troops of the reigning duke of fion, for the Brunswick, for the year one thousand fseven hundred and sixty-payofaug- two; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding fifty mentation to thousand pounds, to enable his Majesty to complete the pay-BniidWick j ment two hundred and twenty thousand pounds, as a rtafbn-<0, 000 to the able succour in money to the landgrave of Hesse CaJTel, pursuant landgrave of to treaty; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding seventy-Heflfe Caffcl, one thousand three hundred eighty-one pounds, sixteen shillings, trotyi*0 and eight pence, for defraying the charge of four regiments of 7i 381I. , 6s. foot serving in the Raft Mies, for three hundred and sixty-five Sd. for charge days, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seveni*ZVi* hundred and sixty-two, to the twenty-fourth day of December, dies; 000 t^ou^an(^ seven hundred and sixty-three, both days in-

elusive; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one 15s. 3d. for million five hundred eighty-eight thousand seven hundred fifty-fir extraordinary pounds, fifteen shillings, and five pence, for defraying the extra-for- oi*dinaryexpences of his Majesty's land forces, and other services ces, &c. to incurred from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand 31 oa. 1761, seven hundred and sixty-one, to the thirty-first day of October, not provided one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, both day9 inclusive,°rx" 6d and not provided for by parliament 5 and any !um or sums

for ^xtraordi- money, not exceeding nine hundred fifty-one thousand two nary expenecs hundred forty-nine pounds, and six pence, for defraying the of the land extraordinary expences of his Majesty's land forces, and other fol^the &car fe0*8* incurred from the first day of November, one thousand 1763, nofpro- feycn hundred and sixty-two, to the nineteenth day of February, vided for, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and not provided for by parliament.

s, oooo, oog1. Xll. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid,

drwrgc That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall raffed purfo- an<* maY issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not ant to an act exceeding one million, to enable his Majesty to discharge the of the last like sum raised in pursuance of an act made in the last session of session, and parliament, and charged upon the first aids or supplies to be aids granted in this session of parliament.

1, 500, 000!.*XIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore-for paying off said, That out of ajl or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there exchequer shall

176.] Anno trnio Georgii III. c.tj. 33*

and may be issued and applied any fvun or fijms of money, bills, made not exceeding one million five hundred thousand pounds, to enable his Majesty to pay off and discharge the exchequer bills thelaftfcllioni made out by virtue of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain sum of money towards paying off and discharging the debt of the navy, and towards naval JervicfS, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, ana charged upon the first aids or supplies to be granted in this session of parliament.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, 4»5*9b That out of all or any the aid or supplies aforesaid, there shall

and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not maintaining exceeding four thousand five hundred eighty-nine pounds, thir- the settlement teen shillings, and eleven pence farthing, upon account, for de- pfNova Scotia fraying the charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the fettlemept of his Majesty's colonf in the provlded for*

year one thousand seven hundred and uxty, and not provided for by parliament; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding 74* five thousand six hundred seventy-four pounds, one (hilliqg, and ten pence, upon account, for maintaining and supporting biishment of* the civil establiftunent of his Majesty's said colony of PI ova Nova Scotia j Scotia, for the year one thousand seven hundred and uxty-three; and any sum or fum$ of money, not exceeding four thousand for one hundred thirty-six pounds, upon account, for defraying the charges of the charges of the civil establishment of his Majesty'^ colony of civ*l Georgia^ and other incidental expences attending the same, from ^n.tofGer> the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred "*and sixty-two, to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-tnree.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there 1*

shall and may be issued ana applied any sum or sums of money, ^fatbn^o* not exceeding one hundred thirty-three thousand three hundred provinces thirty-three pounds, six shillings, and eight pence, upon ac-in North Ame-count, to enable his Majesty to give a proper compeniation to rica, for ex-the respeiftive provinces in North America, for the expences in- J^TlenCbi*purred by them in the levying, cloathing, and pay, of the doathinZaiS troops raised by the same according as the active vigour and pay of troops strenuous efforts of the respective provinces shall be thought by there r

his Majesty to merit; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding thirteen thousand pounds, to be employed in maintain- 13, 000!. for mg ana supporting the fort at Annamaboer and the other British supportingthe forts and lettlements upon the coast of Africa; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding forty thousand and fifty pounds, the coast ot upon account, towards enabling the governors and guardians of Africa $ the hospital for the maintenance ^na education of exposed and 40, 050). to the deserted young children, to maintain and educate such children ?to

as were received into the said hospital on or before the twenty- be fifacd fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, from without fee j {lie thirty-first day of December, one thousand seven hundred

and

332*Anho terdo Georgii III, c.i f. [ty63.

and sixty-two exclusive, to the thirty-first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three inclusive; and that the said sum be issued and paid for the use of the said hospital with-6, 410]. 58. out fee of reward, or any deduction whatsoever; and any sum sq-to or sums of money, not exceeding six thousand four hundred SeWtcC^n an<* tcn P°un<^sj five shillings, and ten pence three farthings, issued by his to make good to his Majesty the like sum issued by his Majesty's Majesty, pm*- orders, pursuant to addresses of the house of commons; and frnnt to the any sum or sums of money, not exceeding five thousand pounds, house of*om- towar<*s enabling the commissiooers for putting in execution an jnoiuj Com* act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, Anatt for 5, cool to en- paving* cleaning, and lighting* the fauares, streets* and /ones, able the com- within the city and liberty of Westminster, the parishes of Saint "avi^c Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George theftfeettof BloomfW, that part of Saint Andrew's Holborn which Res in Westminster, the county of Middlesex, the several liberties of the Rolls and Sato perform the voy, and that part of the dutchy of Lancaster which lies in the ^th rcP°kd county of Middlesex; and for preventing annoyances therein; and m cm 5 for other purposes therein mentioned* more effectually to perform 49, cell, ig.sd. Ae trusts reposed in them; and any sum or sums or money, not to ma£e good* exceeding forty-nine thousand five hundred fifty-eight pounds, the deficiency one shilling, and six pence, to make good the deficiency of the of tonnage half fubfiaies of tonnage and poundage, charged with the pay-^F6^nns: and ment annuities by the acts made in the sixth year of

6 Geo. 1.*the reign of Queen Anne* and the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, to satisfy all annuities charged thereupon 48, 1911. 14 s. to the fifth day of January* one thousand seven hundred and 11 d. to make sixty-three; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding godt^defi- forty.eight thousand eight hundred ninety-one pounds, fourteen july/i76a, 5ofAilHngs, and eleven pence, to replace to the sinking fund the the duties on like sum paid out of the same to make good the deficiency on offices and the fifth aay of July* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-penuotn, and two> of the several rates and duties upon offices and pensions, andUgbts*an<* uP°n and upon windows or lights, which were

m*rie a fund by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, for paying annuities at the bank of England in respect of five millions borrowed towards the supply granted for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred 66, 71 ol. to and fifty-eight and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding

makegood the twenty-six thousand seven hundred and ten pounds, to replace to the sinking fund the like sum paid out of the same to make of the addi- good the deficiency on the fifth of January, one thousand seven tional duty on hundred apd sixty-two, of the additional duty upon strong ftrone beer beer and ajCj to answer and pay the several annuities of three*pounds per centum per annum, and one pound, two shillings, and

six pence per centum, on eleven millions four hundred thousand pounds, part of twelve millions, borrowed towards the supply granted to his Majesty by an act made in the first year of his Majesty's reign, for the service of the year one thousand seven 7, 1511. 9s. id. hundred and sixty-one; and any sum or sums of money, not iq. to nuke exceeding seven thousand one hundred fifty-one pounds, nineoodthede-*' shillings.

1763.} Anno tertio Georgii III. C.17J 33$

shillings, and one penny farthing, to make good the deficiency .ficiency of the of the grants for the lcrvice of the year one thousand £rthc

hundred and sixty-two. 7 17#

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore* : These aids to said, That the said aids and supplies provided as aforesaid, (hal^be applied to not be issued or applied to any use, intent, or ; purpose whatso- 110 other uses. % ever, other than the uses ana purposes before mentioned, or for

the Several deficiencies or other payments directed to be satisfied r

thereout by any act or acts, or any particular clause or clauses for that purpose contained in any other act or acts of this prefect [

session of parliament.

XVII. And, as to the said sum of thirty-thijee rhousend three*hundred fifty-one pounds, seventeen shilling* and six pence, and eighty-eight thousand seven hundred and four pounds, 'three shillings, and four pence, by this act appropriated, on. account of half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the rules herein after

E'bribed, shall be duly observed in the application of the said

-pay; that is to say. That no person mall have or receive Roles to be any part of the same who was a minor, and under the age of observed in sixteen years at the time when the regiment, troop, pr compa-ny, in which he served, was reduced; that no person shall have or receive any part of the same, except such person whov did actual service in some regiment, troop, or company; that' no person having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrison or regiment, who has any ecclesiastical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland^ shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay; that no person shall have or receive any part of the same, who has resigned his commission, and has had no com million since that no part of the same shall be allowed to any person by vir-f tue of any warrant or appointment, except to such persons as would have been otherwise intitled to the lame as reduced officers; and that no part of the same (ha^l be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the eftab}i$wnt of half-pay in Great Britain.

XVIII. And whereas^ra^an act of parliament made and Clause in the passed in the second year^of his prefect Majesty's reign, inti- Geo.

tuled, An act for enabling his Majesty toraife the sum of one million, 3* for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for al-: lowing time for the payment of the stamp duties omitted to be paid upr on admifftons into corporations or companies, and appointments to.offices therein; and for the relief of William Earle, in respect of a quantity of white Jalt loft by the wreck of a ship near the harbour of Dublin; the several supplies which had been granted to his present Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several uses and purposes therein expressed, amongst which, any sum or sums not exceeding thirty-four thousand mree hundred

Application of the Cavings of the sum of SMStl.grant' ed last fdfion towards halfpay.

Any goods.or etfe&s, being the growth or produce of any of the.i (lands ceded by the definitive treaty of to March, 1763, to the crowns of France and Spain, may be !763f P*ywg

Anno tertio GeoRSH flL C. 17J

dred and eighty-three pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines, subject nevertheless to such rules to be observed in the application of the said halkpay* as ill and by the aforesaid were pre-

ferred in that behalf: Now it is lately provided, eriacted, and declared by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Aim of thirty-four fheiifond three hundred eighty-three pounds* as is or shall be more than diffident to satisty the (sdd reduced officers, according to the rules prescribed by the said act to be observed in the application thereof, or any part of such overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such officers who are maimed, oT have lost their Timbs in the late wars, of such others as by reason of their kttlg^ service, or otherwise, his Majesty Am judge to be proper objects of charity, or to the widows or children Of such officers, according to such warrant or warrants, under his Majest/s royal sign manual, as shall be signed in that behalf; any thing in this act or the said former act to the con* tfary notwithstanding.

XIX. And whereas by the definitive treaty of peace between his Majesty and the crowns of Frame and Spain, ratified the terith day of March) one thousand fevfen hundred and (btty-three, the iflarids of Gtiadehupe> Marie Galante, Deftrade, Mar-thrice, and Gtrer, ate ceded to France, and all that hhr Majesty hod conquered in the iffand of Gitba is ceded to Spain, and the tefhi of eighteen months to be computed from the day of die ratification of the said treaty, ' is thereby allowed to British fab-jedts to transport their eflfe&s front those islands: And whereas the produce of those places imported into this kingdom, after the restitution thereof to France and Spain* Will be subject to higher duties than they were liable to* during the time they remained in his Majesty's prifleffiort: Td the end therefore that his Majesty's (bbjdts. having effWte in the places before mentioned, may have all due encouragement and opportunity to bring the same from thence; be it enatfted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be iawfol for any of his Mme-ftj^s fiibjefls, to import into this kingdom at any time before the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and no lodger, in British flffiW*navigated according to law* diredHy from the places b^odPw^ntioned, any goods or effect$ being the growth or produce^htteof refpdrively, upon payment of such and the like customs and duties only, as would be due and payable for the same, if such places had remained and were in the pofliffion of his Majesty; any law, caftom, or uftgfc, to the contrary notwithstanding.

imported by British Aibjests, in BHtitti ships, at ary rime before z Nov. common duties.

1763.] Anno fertio Georgii III. c.ifl. $35

CAP. XVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer for the /entice of the year one iboufand/even.hundred and sixty-three.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty'i most dutiful and loyal subjefis % the, commons Preamble.

of Great Britain, in parliament aj/embled* towards raising the necessary /applies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the firms herein after-mentioned \ and do therefore most humbly befieech your Majesty*that it may be enabled} and be it en-adtedby the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and conient of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That by or out of such monies as shall, from Toward* raif. time to tinne, be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of I^iefgramcd the surplusies, fexcesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, there may be* composing the fund commonly called The Jinkingfundy after pay-, issued out of ing or reserving sufficient to pay all such sums ot money as have Jhe been directed by any former act or adb of parliament to be paid not exceeding out of the lame, there shall and may be issued and applied, for 2, 490, 0601. 8 and towards making good the supply granted to his Majesty fofc the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, a sum not exceeding two millions; and the commission-r ers of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the of of the treasury for the time being, are hereby au-.thorized and Empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly*

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 47, 120!.9s* That the sum of forty seven thousand one hundred and twenty 6 d. fuxplus pounds, nine shillings, and six pence, remaining in the receipt m

of exchequer, being the surplus of the several duties uporVqUCr*Coftbe beer and ale, granted by an suft made in the first year of his duties on beer Majesty's reign, after satisfying all charges and incumbrances and ale $ thereupon, to the fifth day of January, one thousand (even hun-^fucj, part dred and sixty-three; and also such part of the sum of twenty of the sum of thousand pounds granted to his Majesty in the last session of par- so, 0001. liament, upon account, towards defraying the charge of the the

pay of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, towards pay when unembodied, and of the cloathing of the part of the said of the unera-militia then unembodied, for one year, beginning the twenty-bodied mili-fifth day of Marebt one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, tia> as shall remain in the receipt of the exchequer after the said unapp*charges are satisfied, shall add may be, in like manner, issued. and applied at the said receipt, for and towards the said supply.

S36 Anno tertio Georgii III. Ci iS.

Clause of loan

III. And it is hereby enacted , by the authority aforesaid, forraifing the That in case the said cofnmissioners of his Majesty's treafiuy, ofsioao>o(^l» or »y three or more them now being, or the high treafcirer,'or any three or more of the comqiissioners of the treasury for

the time being, shall think it adviiable to raifc the said sum of two riiillirms, or any part thereof, by loans of exchequer b^lls, in manner herein after-mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, any sum or sums of money not exceeding the said sum of two millions, upon the credit of the said surplusies, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues composing the sinking fund, and to have and receive interest for the forbearance of the money lent, so as such loans be allowed to be made by the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commimoners of the treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to issue their warrants for that purpose, as salt as such loans shall be wanted for the publick service; and moreover, that no money to be lent upon the security of this act, shall be rated or assessed to any tax or assessment whatsoever.

Tallies of I v. And be it further enacted, That all and every person loan may be or persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act (truck for the as aforesaid, and pay the same into the receipt of the exchequer, amc* shall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the same, and

an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the same date with his, her or their tally, in or upon which order shall bealfo contained a warrant for payment of interest for the forbearance thereof, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment Orders to be of' the principal; fend all such orders for repayment of money, registered and fb to be lent, shall beregistered in ctmrie, according to the dates paidincourfe. respectively 5 and that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course, according as their orders shall stand registered in the said register books, so as the person or persons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, &dministrators, or assigns, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders first entered in the said books of register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first person or persons to be paid out of the said surplusles, excesses, or other revenues; and he, (he, or they, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid, and so successively and in course; and that the monies to come in of or for the said surplusles, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues. composing the sinking fund, as aforesaid, shall be in the same order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective persons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns relpeCHvely, without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever (other than such tiles and ptu--

poles

^63.] Anftd tertio GEORGfi ill. C. 1$.

0fbks as are appointed by any other act or acts of parliament in ^hat behalf as aforesaid); and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, ^directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his ^Majesty's subjects, for providing or making of any such booksjr registers, or any entries, views, or searches, in or for payment of money lent, or the interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majest/s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieyed, by the party offending, with full costs df suit; of if the officer hlmfelf take or demand any such fee or reward, then to lose his place also; and if any undue preference of one beford another shall be made either in point of registry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this act, by any such officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable by action of debt, or on the case, to pay the value of the debt, with full costs of (bit, to the party grieyed, and shall be forejudged of his place or office; and if any such preference be unduly made by any His deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his master, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to such action, debt, damages, and costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his office or place: And in case the auditor of the receipt shall not direct the said orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon such orders, according to each person's due place and order, as before directed; then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective deputies and clerks, therein offending, to be liable to such action, debt, damages, and costs, in futh manner as aforesaid: All which said penalties, forfeitures, damages, and costs, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks; shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at WesifhinJler; wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction* or order df restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

V. Provided always, and it is declared. That if it shall happen that several tallies of loan, dr orders for payment, as aforesaid, bear date, or be brought the same day to the auditor of the receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue preference, which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same day.

VI. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference, td incur any penalty in pbint of payment, if the auditor direct, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay subsequent orders to persons that come and demand their monies, and bring their orders, before other persons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in course; so as there be so much money reserved as will satisfy precedent orders; which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; interest upon loan being to cease from the time the money is so reserved and kept in bank for them.

Vol. XXV. Z VII. And

217

No fee to be paid for registering, &c.

Penalty of undue preference!

how to be recovered.

It shall be deemed no undue preference, where tallies ate dated, or brought the same day $ nor if subsequent orders be paid before such as were not demanded in course.

33P Anno tertio Georgii III. c.18. [*76$,

^rder* atfign- VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every perfim

wiki* an^ Per^ons to whom any money shall be due, for loans to

# reziftered by virtue of this act, after order entered in the book:

of register as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, adgm» strators, or assigns, by proper words of alignment to be in-dorfed and written upon his, her, or their order, may aJCgn and transfer his, her, or their right, title, interest, ana benefit of such order, to any other $ which being notified in die office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memory? al thereof also made in the book of register aforesaid for order* (which the officers shall upon request, without fee or charge accordingly make) shall intitle such assignee, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such assignee may, in like manner, assign again, and so Mies quoties y and afterward* it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such alignment, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VIIL And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain sum not to exceed in the whole the said sum of two millions, to be raised, either by such loans as aforesaid, pr by issuing exchequer bills, as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those ways or means, for the publick service y be Commission- it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the ersofthe trea- of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of ^Tthinkrt t^em now being, or t^e high treasurer, or any three or more more advise- of the of of the treasury for the time being, feafi able to raise judge it more advisable'to raise the said sum of two miliums, the said sum or 0r any part thereof, by exchequer bills, instead of such loans as thereofbyex- aforeraid, that then they respectively are hereby authorized apd chequer bills, impowered, at any time or times, to prepare and make, or cauie they may to be prepared and made, at the exchequer, any number of new make out any exchequer bills, for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding new exche-n whok the said sum of two millions, together with such quer bills for l°ans aforesaid, in the same or like manner, form, or or-the same, der, and according to the same or like rules and directions, as in like manner in and by a certain act of this present session of parliament, in-a^lstituled, An act for continuing and granting to his Maicjly certain the malt aft o {duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the ferric* of the jeer this fefsion. one thousand seven hundred and six ly-three, are enacted and preferred, concerning the exchequer bills be made in pursuance of the said act.

Clauses in the

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, said act relat* That all and eveiy the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, quer bflfs^x- advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and eligibilities, contained in tended to* the said Jaft mentioned act, relating to the loans or exchequer those to be bills, authorized to be made by the same act (except such clauses

made out as j0 charge the same on the taxes granted by the same act, and

tbU aflL* excePt c'aufes as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on t*i$ credit of the said act) shall be

applied

Anno terdo GEOR/iti til. 0.19*20.

Applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be paid in pur^ fuance of this act* as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the said exchequer bills haa been originally authorized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provifoe* had been particularly repeated and re-en-acted in the body of this present act.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all^'ll* the exchequer bills as shall be made in puituanceof this act, and J2iufnf aST* the interest, premium, rate* and charges incident to, or at- charges, paytending the same, shall bb, and are hereby charged and charge- able out of the able upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the fund# growing produce of the said surplusles, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues, composing the sinking fund (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any

{^articular use orufes by any former or other act or acts of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payablo on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

XI. And be it declared and further enacted by the authority The bank Im-aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and powered to ad-company of the bank of England, to advance or lend to his Ma-^th? jesty in like manner at the receipt* of the exchequer, upon the joan^any1 ° credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or sums of money sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of two millions $ any thing not exceeding in an act made in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King y>oo»ooook H^iUiam and Queen Man, intituled, An act for granting to their yjf^M.not-MajeJhes several ratesand duties upon tonnage of and withftaading.

and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for pences and advantages in the said act mentioned, to such per fens as J, hall voluntarily advance the Jum of one milhundred thousand

pounds, towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds of Bradford, Melklham, and Whorlfdown, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. XX.

An act for permitting the importation, from Ireland, of stale and dirty butter, not fit for eating, commonly called grease butter.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS Jlale and dirty butter not fit for eating, called j grease butter, is an ejfeential ingredient in the mangfaftury of woolen cloth, commonly called broad and narrow bays, which is

$4* Anno tertto Georgii III. c.20.

carried on to a great extent: And whereas front the fcdrcity of the said ingredient, the .said manufattury is* at present* greatly disfrefleJ, and is in danger of being reduced, and the exportation of such goods greatly lessened: And whereas the permitting the importation, from Ireland, of such grease butter, will be advantageous to the said ma-faftury* and of great publick utility; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Importation same. That from and after the passing of this act, the importation of grease but- of stale and dirty butter, not fit to eat, called grease buttery ter permuted fj-om Ireland, shall be, and is hereby permitted, allowed, and duty free for authorized, for and during the term of five years from thenco the term of next ensuing, and from thence to the end of the then next (ef- S years, fion of parliament j and that all persons shall be, and are here-

by exempted, freed* and discharged, from the payment of all subsidies, customs, rates, duties, or other impositions, and also from all penalties, forfeitures, payments, and punishments, for or upon account of importing or bringing into any port within the kingdom of Great Britain, llale and dirty butter not fit for eating, commonly called grease butter, from Ireland* du-^enng the Cn rlng term a^ore^jd > provided such butter, and the package same at the ana quantity thereof, shall be duly entered at the custom-house custom house. at any such port.

Where any II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That shall be seized, in case any such grease butter shall be Hopped or seized by any of* coming the officers of his Majesty's customs at such port, under pre-meanin? of tence of its being fit to eat, or otherwise, as not coming within thi# a&f the intent and meaning of this act, it shall be lawful for any two*Justices of justices of the peace for the county, district* or divisionr where the peace may the same shall be flopped or seized, and such juftioes arobere-temine ibe ky authorized and required, within fourteen days after applica-matter in a tien made to them for that purpose, to hear and determine the fummaryway, matter in a fupunary way; and, for that purpose, to insped, if by inspection, they think fit, the butter in question; and also to call before Sol ^em, and examine on oath, any two reputable persons, dealers

onoatli/inn ^utter J one whereof shall be allowed to be chosen by the relationthere- importer or proprietor, and the other by the officer or other person so flopping or seizing such grease butter, and also such other v&itnefles as shall be desired by either party; and the determination of the said justices therein, shall be binding and condusive to and upon all parties* wherein no certiorari shall be allowed.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act; , the defend-s ant or defendants in any such action or suit, may plead the General iffuc. general issue, and give tnis ad, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the de* fcndaat or defendants j and if the plaintiff shall be noaniited, ... .. or

34i

7^] Anno tertio Georgii IIL c.2 i.

or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgment shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants Treble costs, shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other Cases by law.

An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual) an all made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh? intituled\ " Silk works."

WHEREAS by an off passed in the nineteenth year of the Preamble, re-reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, Silk works, " citing clause it is % amongst other things ordained and enabled, That no manner ofln 19 Hen. person shall from thenceforth bring, or cause to be brought, into tie realm of England, to be sold, any manner of silk wrought by itself \ or with, any other fuss) in any place out of the said realm, in rib-hands, laces, or girdles, upon pain of forfeiture of all the said rib-bands, laces, and girdles, and every of them, in whose hands soever they be founds or the values of the same, the one moiety to the King, and the other moiety unto any of the King's subjects that would jue for the same: And whereas notwithstanding the dforesaid aft, and the ether laws now in being, great quantities of foreign manufactures, and particularly ribbands, laces, and girdles, are brought into, and fold in this kingdom, to the great diminution of the trade and manufactures of this kingdom, and to the great prejudice, hindrance, and impoverishment, of great numbers of his Majesty's subjects \ an evil which, if not timely prevented, will affect ana greatly lessen the public revenue, and greatly difrefs the silk trade and manufactures of this kingdom: For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's moflt excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of £he lords spiritual and temporal^ and commons, in this present*parliament ^fsembled, and by the authority of the same, That Forc-n^jf any person or persons shall, after the twenty-fourth day fuuey one thousand seven hundred apd sixty-three, import, laces, or bring, or convey, or qause to be imported, brought, pr convey- girdles, ed, into this kingdom, amr ribbands, laces, or girdles, not made and manufactured ip Great Britain, whether the same be wrought of silk alone, pr wrought of silk mixed with any other M forfeit-materials j all such ribbands, laces, and girdles, shall be, apd able, and may the famf are hereby declared to be forfeited; and the same shall be seized by and may be seized and detained by any perfop or persons what- penon j soever, in whatever importers, venders, or retailers hands the same may be found or discovered $ and shall be disposed of as herein after is mentioned; and the person or persons bringing, and the im-^conveying or importing such ribbands, laces, or girdles, into Pjjrter forfeits this kingdom, or causing the same to be so brought, conveyed, 100 or imported, (]iall also forfeit, for every offence, the sum of one hundred pounds; anci all and every person and persons who anj \ per. PjalJ be aiding, abetting, pr assisting in the bringing and con- fonjaflifting

CAP. XXL

Z3

veying

VJ

thereinf col. tach |

and the vend-

if*, retailers,

ft, '/. person 8

Co.*. : aiing the

tori tit,

lV.0 the

J >. - he

' 0 5° 1-

Or.- -

An$o tcrrip GpoRGn III. & 21. £ 176*.

veying or importing into this kingdoms any fnchribUads, facet, or girdles, as aforesaid, shall severally forfeit ar>d pay the film of fifty pounds, over and above any interest which he, (he, or they may have, or may have had, in any such ribbands, facet, or girdles.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and perfops, bring a vender or venders, retailer or retailers, of any kind of ribbands, laces, or girdles, rcfpedhvcly, in whole custpdy or possession any such ribbands, laces, or girdles, or any of them* shall be found, or. who shall sell or expose to sale, any such ribbands, laces, or girdle?, as aforesaid, or who shall conceal any such ribbands, laces, or girdles, with intent to prevent the forfeiture or seizure rif the (3me, shall, Over and above the forfeiture and loss of such ribbands. Iace3, and girdles, and all interest which he, (he, of they, may have therein, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

III. And be It further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

oe* That all pecuniary forfeitures and penalties incurred under this

King, shall be paid, ' one moiety to our sovereign lord the King, ; ie other his heirs, and AiCcessors, and the other moiety to him or them he prole- wjio will fop or profeeute for the same respectively; such of the to be recover-^which shall arise in that part of Great Britain called

cd ia any of England) to be sued and prosecuted for in any of his Majestyfa the courts at courts of record at Westmin/ter^ by action of debt, bill, plaint, Westminster, or information, in which no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and such of them as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, Si % ^otSCr to arw* Pro^uted for in the court of Exchequer at Edbt-

co ' burgh) in such manner as any penalties and forfeitures for offences against the laws touching theciiftoms may be sued or prosecuted for there respectively.

Where the IV. Provided always; and be it also further enacted by the

-lu-f the authority aforesaid, That whenever such ribbands, faces, and ^out of Lon- girdfas, shall be found and seized in that part of Great Britain don and West- called England, and out of the cities of London and fVtstminster % minster, do and the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and the same

not exceed shall not elceed ill value the sum of twenty pounds, it shall and

Two justices ttiay k lawful for two or more of his Majesty's justices of the may proceed peace for such county, city, borough, or place, where th* same to condemna- shall be so found and seized, upon any information before them, t\on' ^that such ribbands, laces, or girdles, were seized as ribbands,laces, or girdles, unduly brought into, and not manufadhired within, this kingdom, to hear and determine the same, and to proceed to condemnation or discharge thereof, as shall seem just;

J any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwith-" (landing.

V. And; for the utter prevention of all and every such ribbands, faces, and girdles, seized and condemned as aforesaid, from ever being made use of to the prejudice of the trade and piamjftcftures of this kingdom, b$ it further enacted by the authority

Ajirio tertio Georgii III. c.2r. 34$

aforesaid, That all and every such ribbands, laces, After con-ahd gifcHes, after condemnation thereof, shall, by order of the demnationthe court, judge or judges, or justices, where or before whom such furnt, schtvdemhation mall be had, be puHickly burnt and entirely de- Appending tht ftroyed; but the execution of such order shall, and may be fuf- execution pended for fb long time only as may be thought just and meet,!j*rco*only for the better attaining the ends of justice, with regard to any tien of thepe-suit or prbfecution haa, or to be had, for the recovery of any nalties. .pecuniary penalty or penalties by this act inflicted.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the The goods, authority afbrefakl. That forthwith, after the seizure of any after leisure, such ribbands, laces, or girdles, as aforesaid, the same, untill° b* deposit-they shall be condemned, burnt, and destroyed, as aforesaid, demnationror or discharged as tmduly seized, shall be deposited in one of the discharge, m King's ware-houses belonging to the custom-house, in case such the King's feiiiire happens to be within the cities of London or Westminster, or the weekly bills of mortality, where the same shall be receiv- m^c ed and admitted at all times by the proper officer or officers in the bills of there, who is and are hereby impowered and required to re- mortality, ceive and preserve the same until they shall be condemned, burnt, and destroyed, or discharged as aforesaid; and in case If elsewhere, such seizure shall be made out of the said cities of London and hanVo/ufa Weshnin/iet, and the weekly bills of mortality, then the famd chief shall be deposited in the hands of the chief magistrate of such strate, city* town, or place, where the fartie shall be seized, or in the hands of the constable of the next adjacent village, who is and or constable $ tre hereby impowered and required to receive and preserve the same, until they shall be condemned, burnt, and destroyed, or discharged as aforesaid; and all and every such ribbands, laces, and to be fret and girdles, may, from time to time, be viewed fend inspected to inspechon. by any person or persons, on behalf of the prosecutor or pro^* ^Lt* &c.0t fecutors, or of the person or persons interested in, or claiming^ the said ribbands, laces, and girdles, with the leave of the court, officers, judges, or justices, where or before whom any prosecution or suit mall be carried on for condemnation thereof, or for recovery of any penalty by this act inflisted, who are and is hereby required to make and give such order, from time to as may be just and reasonable.

time, for that j

VII. And, for the better discovering and defefting any offender or offenders against this act, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon an information in writing made upon Upon infor-oath before any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the nation given peace for the respective county, or place (which information shall be signed by the party or parties making the same) that ftices, search there Is good ground and reason to suspect that such ribbands, warrants may laces, or girdles, as aforesaid, have been imported into this* granted» kingdom, and are Concealed by, or are in the possession or cu-ftody of any retailer or feller of any kind of ribbands, laces, or girdles, contrary to the true intent of this act, it shall and may be lawful for such justices respectively, to issue their warrant or Warrants to any constable or constables, or other peace

£44 Aijno fertio Georgii III. c.iu £1763,

officer or officers, within the Cud county or place, impowering him or them to feajrch, in the day-time, tbchouse or booses, out-house or out-houses, ware-houses, (hops, celiars, rooms, and other places, belonging to, or hired, employed, or made pfe of, f>y such retailer or teller who shall be suspected to conceal or have in his, her or their possession or custody, any ribbands, laces, or girdles, not made or manufactured within andfeizure Great Britain; and if any such ribbands, laces, or girdles, made of such not being made or manufactured within Great Britain, Stall be theriu^be f°Vnc*» to ^eizc an<^ carry away the lame, for the purpose of found?*0 carrying this act into execution, and to dispose thereof as is herein before directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authprity aforesaid, That if any action or fqit shall be jfommenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in fuctj action or salt, may plead the General issue. general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evi-deppp, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was iiphe by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinoe his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover Treble costs. treble costs, and have the like remedy for the lame, as defondT ants have in other cases by law.

Defendant, IX. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted,

with leave. That in every such action, it shall and may be lawful for thp

mo" defendant or defendants, by leave of the court where such fleyui court. a£jon ^all be depending, at alny time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as'he or they shall fee fir, as amends for the matter or cause complained of in such action; ^hereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgments, shall and piay bp had, made, and givpn, in and by such court, as in other actions where the dtfendant is allowed to pay qioney into court.

'X, And bp it further enacted by the authority aforesaid? That v^th°rcfpcd to^any ribbands, laces, or girdles, wrought of silk'alone, or t{ie place of fdk mixed with any qther materials shall be seized by virtue where the and in pvirfuance of this 'ad, apd any dpubt prquestion shall good § were afterwards arise, where the said ribbands/laces, or girdles, so "he'tow]?" wrought as aforesaid, were manufactured, the proof shall lie probanJito lie upon such person or persons, being a vender or venders, re-on the person tailer or retailers, of any kii^d of ribbands, laces, or girdles, iri whole cu- respectively, in whose custody or pofleilibn the same were found, totuidthCy^an^ not upon Pro(?cutor Pr prosecutors, plaintiffof plaintiffs;

and in case no such proof shall be given, that such ribbands, laces, and girdles, were manufactured within Great Britain, (hen the same shall, without any further proceeding, be takeqi and held to have been manufactured out of Great Britain, and

3-Aano tertio Georgii III. c.22. 34$

contrary to, and in violation of, this a&j any law or euftom Jto the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That if any Persons in Aich person or persons, in whose custody or possession any fucfr ^<*7 xibbands, laces, or girdles, as aforesaid, mall be seized by virtue shall ^seized ^uid in pursuance of this act (such person or persons not im- (not importing or concealing the same) shall discover, upon oath, her porting or ^fbre any one or more justice or justices of the peace, the person concealing or persons who fold such ribands, laces, or girdles, to such th* f"nc) du--person or persons, in whose custody or possession the same shall vcndw>g C be seized, fp as that such person or persons so felling the lame*shall or may be prosecuted and convjded according to the in-

cnt of this act, as the feller thereof, in case the same shall be, for be taken and held to be, within the intent and meaning of this act, manufactured out of Great Britain; such person or are discharged persons so discovering as aforesaid, shall be, and is and arc here- from the pe-by freed and discharged of and from all and every penalties and lty thcm" ^forfeitures by this act inflicted, upon all and every person and jpersons being a vender or venders, a retailer or retailers, having in their custody or poflelfion, any such ribbands, laces, or girdles, as aforesaid, not made or manufactured in Great Britain, jsrndof and from any proof that such ribbands, laces, or girdles, io seized as aforesaid, are manufactured in Great Britain.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the The wearers jrothority aforesaid. That nothing in this act contained, shall of such rib-extend, or be in any wise construed to extend, to subject any bands, laces, .person or persons whatsoever, who shall wear or make use ofor £ird, "»in such ribbands, laces, or girdles, as aforesaid, as part of his, her, £Jl for-pr their apparel or dress only, to any forfeiture, or to any pecu- feiture and niary penalty or penalties inflicted by this act, or to any proof penalty.

Jthat such ribbands, laces, or girdles, are manufactured within Great Britain.

CAP. XXII.

an act for the further improvement of his Majestfs revenue of customs\ and for the encouragement of officers making Jeizures; and for prevention of the clandestine running of goods into any part of his Majestfs dominions.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of Preamble, re.

pis late Majesty King George the First, intituled* An act citine clause for the improvement of his Majesty's revenues of cultoms, ex- m 11* cife, and inland duties, the of of those revenues are respectively impowered and directed to cause all tea* (office* foreign brandy, rum* or other foreign exciseable liquors* which shall be seized by any officers of the customs or excise, after condemnation, to be pub-Jicily sold to the best bidder* at such places as the said of shall think proper s and to allow the officers making such seizures*for their encouragement* one third part of the full him arising from the publick sale of all such tea* coffee* foreign brandy» rum* or other ex-

Jifeable liquors* free from all charges of condemnation and sale \ and to

cause

Anno tertio GBo&gii III. €.42. £276$,

the remaining part of the produce of such fates, after saying the reward to the officer, and the charges of condemnation and fab for fitth fetzures, to be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchtquer, in Ben of his Majesty's moiety, as was then practised: and whereas by fevered jvbfequent afis of parliament, one moiety of all fines, penalties, ant fonettures, imposed by an act relating to the duties of excise, or any other duty under the management of the of of that revenue* is given to his Majesty, his heirs, andfitceejjors, and the other moietf to him or them who shall difcove/ % inform, or Jue for the same; tn pursuance of which laws the officers of excise seizing any of the commodities herein before enumerated, have been allowed a moiety thereof \ but the previsions in thofi subseqtient laws, not extending to Jntb seizures when made by officers of the customs, they have hitherto been allowed only one third of the produce thereof purjuattt to the SreffioWs of the befbre^recited aSl of the twelfth of George the Ftrfl: and whereas the power given by the fata retited act to the respemvi cM-imffioners of the customs and excise, tocause the goods therein enumerated to be publickly fold, has been found very advantageous to the revenue; and if the like power was extended in general to aSforts of goods, k Worn prevent many frauds, and illicit combinations pra&tfei by bidders in the court of Exchequer, to the great detriment of the pub* die revenue and the fair trader: and whereas, it is highly reafe+abb andjufii as well as of public utility, that the officers of the customs and exafe Should have equal encouragament to be vigilant in the exertion of their duty, to suppress the pernicious practice of frtugrling; to whiA end, may it therefore please your Majesty, that it maybe enacted; ahd toe it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fjririttial and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembted, and by the air-Veflehor thority of the same, That from and after the first day of May* pood* seized^thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, it shall and may be ofthecuf-0*" lawftd to and for the of of his Majesty's ctiftortfc, toms, to be to cause all ships, vessels, and boat9, and all goods of what publickly fold, kind soever they may be (excepting only such vessels, boats, after condem- ami goods, as are by law liable to be burnt) Which shall be best bidder at ^ze<^ by any officers of the customs, for unlawful importation, such places as or for non-payment of duties, or for any other cause of forfei-the comm if- ture, and condemned according to law, to be sold publickly to (ioners of the the bed bidder, at such places as the said Commissioners (nall thii^rwer. think Proper; and all and every officer who shall seize such Qnenwiety*goods, shall, for his and their encouragement, be allowed by of the pro- the said of, ohe moiety of the net produce arising duce !° to by the sale of such seizure, after deducting thfe^ charges of con-cersj and the ^cmnation art(* the whole; and the said of

other to be shall cause the other moiety thereof to be paid into the receipt paid into the of his Majesty's exchequer, iri lieu of his Majesty's Chare thereof Exchequer. (excepting in those cases which are otherwise provided for by

this act) any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after deducing the charges of

cpfldsm#-

*763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 22. 347

condemnation and sale from the gross produce of all wrought officers to be files, bengals, and (tuffs, mixed with silk or herba of the manu- a}J°"ed>fter failure of Ptrfia, China, or East India, and all cailicoes, painted, deduftef'two dyed, printed, or stained there, which shall be seized and con- third parts of dunned in pursuance of an act passed in the eleventh and the produce twelfth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, "|?n£rou8ht (intituled An act for the more efftBual emptying the poor, bp en- fhfffi mixed fouraging the manufactures of tins kingdom) the said commilQoners with silk or

of the customs shall allow to the officer or officers who shall herba, of Per-seize the same, two third parts of such net produce, and cause Ja"or East the ren^ning third part thereof to be paid into the receipt of n^nu^; nd his Majesty^ exchequer, and that for all mol, and any other cailicoes, feiz-of the species of goods enumerated in an ail passed in the twelfth ed and con-year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second demned in (intituled. An act for taking off the duties upon woolen and bay yarn

imported from Ireland to England, and for the more pre- will. j.

venting the exportation of wool from Great Britain, anaif wool, and the other wool manufactured, from Ireland to foreign , after deduiling third to be the charges of condemnation and sale, the remainder of the produce shall be paid to the officer who shall seize the same, in and Upon*such manner as by the said ail is direiled; and that for all to- wool, and bacco, tobacco llaiks, and friuff, which shall be burnt or do- other goods ftroyed in pursuance of an ail passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second (in-^produce*tituled, An act for the more effectual fettering the duties upon after all

the officer or officers seizing the same, shall be paid, in the charges; manner direiled by that ail, three pence for every pound ^co^and*" freight of such tobacco and snuff, and one penny for every pound fauff, ijUrnt> Weight of tobacco llaiks; and that for such tea as shall bq burnt &c. pursuant or otherwise destroyed by order of the respeibve of to act >4 Geo, of the customs or excite, pursuant to the laws now in being, the P*, b* officers making the seizure, shall be rewarded in such manner bacco°stalks, as the said of shall think proper, such reward not id. per lb. exceeding two shillings and six pence for each pound weight of and for tea such tea, ip lieu of all other allowances; any thing in this or not'xceedl"S any other ail to the contrary notwithstanding.* d"^b*

III. Provided also, and it is hereby further enaited by the Where the

authority aforesaid, That if the produce of any particular seizure, Produ" «f fold in pursuance of this ail, shall not be fufneient todnfwer the jUf[ notan-pxpences of condemnation and sale; or if upon the trial of any fwer the ex-seizure, a verdiil shall be given for the claimant, and the ship pences of Conor goods shall not be condemned j in either of those cases, it de">n«ion shall and may be lawful for the of of his Majesty's a verdict puftoms, to otder the charges attending the seizing and prose- be given for curing such ship or goods, -to be paid out of any branch of the the claimant, revenue of the customs which is by law applicable to the pay- tblfharie* -ment of incidents; any thing in this or any other ait of parlia- an/branch ment to the contrary notwithstanding. of the revenue

applicable to incidents.

IV. And whereas for the more effectual prevention of the ipfamous practice of ftnuggling, it may be nccefiary to employ

The King to diredb by order of council or proclamation how the share of such seizures as shall be made by vessels in his fer-vlce, shall be divided amongst the officers and men.

348 Anno tertio Georgii IIL c.22. £1763;

several of the ships and vessels of war belonging to his Mariefty, his heirs, and successors, on the coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the other dominions and colonies belonging to the crown of Great Britain y therefore for the better encouragement of all the officers and seamen employed in such service to do their duty therein; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to direct and appoint the moiety herein before mentioned, or any other part of all and every the feizAire and seizures that shall be made by such officers or seamen respectively, so employed as aforesaid, to be .divided amongst all such officers and seamen of such ship or vessel of war, who shall make any such seizure as aforesaid, in such proportions, and in such manner, as his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, shall think fit to order and direct, by any order or orders of council, or by any proclamation or proclamations to be made or issued, from time to time, for that purpose; and such moiety, or other part of the said seizure or seizures, shall be so paid and divided to and amongst all the officers and seamen of such ship or vessel of tvar accordingly.

V. And whereas the laws already made to prevent the clandestine importing and landing of foreign brandy, rum, strong; waters, or other spirits, tea, tobacco, tobacco (talks, andfnufi^ in fipall vessels, which hover upon the coasts of this kingdom, have been found insufficient for that purpose $ be it farther epadled by the, authority aforesaid, That from and .after the first day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, if any foreign brandy, arrack, rum, strong waters, or spirits of any kind.whatsoever, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, pr into any port, harbour, haven, or creek, thereof, in any ship, vessel, or boat, of the burthen of fifty tons, or under (except only for tire use of the seamen then belonging to and on board such ship, vessel or boat, not exceeding two gallons for every such seaman) every such ship, vessel, or boat, with all bet fackle, furniture, and apparel, and also all such brandy, same, together arrack, rum, strong waters, or spirits, or the value there-ftfand fVC^' forfeited and lost, and where any brandy, arrack,

ture^ffialfbe rum> ftning waters, or other spirits, or any tea, tobacco, forfeited 5 tobacco (talks or (terns stript from the leaf, or snuff, is or are and in like liable to forfeiture, by virtue of an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for .indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offence* against the laws made for securing the revenue of cujlms and and excise, and for enforcing those laws for the future; and by another act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his said felture by°afi ^ate King George the Second, intituled, Anal7 for the more

9 Geo. 2. effectual securing the duties upon tobacco j or either of them, for be-or aft 24. Geo. ing found on board any such ship or vessel at anchor, or hoverr " N ing within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or

within two leagues of the more, as is particularly expressed in those acts: it is hereby further enacted, That in every such caf$ the ship or yeflel on board of which such goods shall be so found,

Where any foreign brandy, arrack, rum, or other spirits, nqt being for the ship's use, shall be imported, & c. in any vessel of co tons, or Under, the

manner, where any spirits, tea, tobacco, tobacco (talks, or snuff, are liable to for-

th vessel on board which the same shall be found, if

Anno tertio Georgii III. C.22V 349

witK all h6r tackle, furniture, and apparel, shall also be forfeited un^eI5, ?^and loft, provided such ship or vessel doth not exceed the footed, with burthen of fifty tons. her apparel $

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- and the vef-

said. That every ship or vessel forfeited by this act, shall be seized fels &c. seized and prosecuted, and after condemnation be burnt, destroyed, ^aunTto'be" or used in his Majesty's service by the officers of the customs or difoofed of, as excise, and the tackle, furniture, and apparel, disposed of and vessels of 40 divided, and the tonnage, ascertained in the same manner as is tonsor under, directed by the laws now in force, with respect to vessels of forty fmMrdne tons or under, forfeited for importing foreign brandy or other foreign bran-spirits. dy, &c.

VII. And it is also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No writ ofde-That no writ of delivery shall be granted out of the court of jjjtjjjjj exchequer, for any ship, vessel, or boat, that is liable to be the exchequer burnt, destroyed, or used in his Majesty's service by virtue of for any such this act, or any other ac! relating to the customs or excise, urn- vessel, unless less the officer seizing the same shall delay proceeding to the [J* £roee<?- trial and condemnation thereof for the space of three terms; and ing*in that case, not without good security being given in double and condem-the appraised value of such ship, vessel, or boat, to return the nation three same upon condemnation, in order to be burnt, destroyed, or

tifed in his Majesty's service according to law.^given

double the value, to return the vessel upon condemnation.

VIII. And whereas by an act passed in the eighth year of the Clauses in aft reign of her late majesty Queen Anney for granting to her Ma- 8 Ann. jesty new duties of excile, and upon several imported commo- amj & 16 dities; and by an other act passed in the fifteenth and lixteenth Geo. a. years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for further regulating the plantation trade, and several other purposes; it is amongst other things enacted, That every person, upon entry of any claim in the court where any prohibited or uncustomed goods, or any ship, vessel, or boat, shall be prosecuted, shall be obliged to give security, in the penalty of thirty pounds, to answer and pay the costs occasioned by such claim; and in default of giving such security within the time limited by the course of that court for entering such claim, such goods, ships, vessels, or boats shall be recovered: and whereas many persons have, from the smallness of the penalty, been induced to enter groundless claims in fictitious names, with a view to put the officers of the revenue to vexatious trouble and delay, as well as to deter them from prosecuting seizures legally made, by putting them to an extraordinary expence, oftentimes more than the value of the goods seized, which tends very much to the prejudice of the publick revenue, and to the discouragement of the officers thereof in the execution of their duty: to remedy therefore this inconvenience for the future, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of May % claimant, up-

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, every person, up- on entering

on entity of any claim in the court where any goods, ships, vef- hi* claim, to

- fels,

ggo Anno tertio Georgii III. C. f 1763.

fnt Ctcurity fels, or boats, shall be prosecuted, shall be obliged to give fern fol. to pay curity, in the penalty of sixty pounds, to answer and pay the 00 5 cods occasioned by such claim; and in default of giving (Wch

security within the time limited by the course of that court for f claims, such goods, ships, vessels, or boats, shall be ad-

to forfeit^ and shall be condemned; any thing in veflfiit© the before recited acts, or any other act of parliament, to the condemned, contrary notwithstanding.

Clauses in aft And whereas, by certain daufes in an act made ki the

$ Geo. i« fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act against clandejiint running of uncujlomedgoods9 and for the more effectual preventing of frauds relating to the customs; {which clauses have been continued by several subsequent acts) it was declared and enacted. That where any ship or vessel of thfc burthen of fifty tons, or under, laden with customabk or prohibited goods, mould be found hovering on the coasts of this kingdom within the limits of any port, and not proceeding on her voyage for foreign parts, or to some other port of this kingdom, ynnd and weather permitting, it Should and might be lawful to and for any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, to go on board every such ship or vessel, and to take an account or the lacting, and to demand and take security from the mailer, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel in that voyage, by his own bond by him to be entered into unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such sum or sums of money as Should be treble the value of such foreign goods then on board, with condition that such ship or vessel, as soon as wind and weather and the (fate and condition of such ship or vessel permitted, Should and would proceed regularly on such voyage, and Should land such foreign goods in and at some foreign port or ports; and if such master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, Should, upon such demand, refuse to enter into such bond, or, having entered into such bond, Should not depart or proceed regularly on such voyage as soon as wind and weather and the (late and condition ot such ship or vessel Should permit, unless otherwise suffered to make a longer (lay by the collector, or other principal officer in his absence, of fiion port where such ship or vessel Should be, not exceeding twenty days, then, and in either of the said cases, all the foreign goods so on board such ship or vessel, Should and might, by any officer or officers of the customs, by direction of the collector, or other principal officer as aforesaid, be taken out of and from such ship or vessel, and forthwith brought on shore and secured; and in case the said goods were customable, the customs and other duties Should be paid for the same: and as concerning wool, or any prohibited goods, or other goods liable to forfeiture, which might be found on board such ships or vessels at the time of their unlading a9 aforesaid, the same were thereby declared to be subject to forfeiture, and the officers of the customs Should and might prosecute the same, as also the ship or vessel, m case

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.

(he Should be liable to condemnation, as in the manner therein after mentioned j and that after such goods were so taken out of such ship or vessel, and bromjht on more and secured by such officer or officers, such bonds so to be given as aforesaid, Should be void and delivered up, without any fee or reward for taking or delivering up the fame9 and such bond, not being otherwise dischar*ged, Should, on a proper certificate, returned under the common seal of the chief magistrate in any place or places beyond the seas, or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants upon the place, that such goods were there landed, or upon proof by credible persons, that such goods were taken by enemies, or periftied in the seas (the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgment of the of of the customs) Should be vacated and discharged: and whereas the extending of the said clauses to the rest of his Majesty's do- The minions, may be a means of preventing illicit trade9be it clauses, re-therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and af- fpciting cuf-ter the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty- tomable or three, the said clauses, and every part of them, shall be extend- p!^, b, ted ed to all ships and vessels of the burthen of fifty tons, or under, yeflels which shall be found hovering on the coasts of Ireland> or any of 50 tons or other of his Majesty's dominions or territories belonging to the under, found crown of Great Britain9and shall be of equal force in every h°vcnnE respect, in regard to all such ships and vessels found hovering on

any of the coasts aforesaid, as such clauses now are, or shall be of the construed to be, in regard to any ships or vessels hovering on custom, ex-the coasts of this kingdom9ana all offences which shall be ren^.to a, J committed against the said clauses, or any part of them, on the fcls founVho-coasts of Ireland, shall be tried, and the penalties and forfeitures vering on any thereby incurred shall be prosecuted for and recovered, in any of the coasts of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin in the said kingdom9 of and all offences which shall be committed against the said clauses, offences to ba or any part of them, on the coasts of any other of his Majesty's tried, and pe-dominions or territories (except this kingdom) shall be tried, naltiesreco-and the penalties and forfeitures thereby incurred shall be pro- vered, in any fecuted for and recovered, in any court of admiralty, in the do- of tbc?ur minion or territory on the coast whereof such offence shall be Dublin!*1 committed (which court of admiralty is hereby authorized, im- offences in powered, and required to proceed to, hear, and determine, the other part*, lame) or in any court of record in such dominion or territory, to* prose-at the election of the informer or prosecutor, according to the ^urt course and method used and practised there m prosecutions for miralty, offences against penal laws relating to the customs or excise; or other and such penalties and forfeitures so recovered there, shall be ^ou*jt of F* divided and applied in such and the same manner as penalties and forfeitures recovered in Great Britain for the like offences and thefor-are, or in pursuance of this act may be, directed to be divided feitures to be

wiappM. S; "'S"d

those in

Great Britain*

35$ Anno fertlo Georgii In. C. 22. [ iy'6#

CAP. XXIII.

An act to explain, amend, W raa&r effectual, an act made in the lafi feffons of parliament, intituled, An act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the squares, streets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of IVcftminfitri the parishes of Saint Giles in the fields, Saint George the faartyr. Saint George Bloomsbury, that part of the parish of Saint Andrew's Holbourn which lies in thd county of Middlesex, the several liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the dutchy of Lancaster which lies in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein, and tot other purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the iaft session of parliament, Aa a Geo. 3. intituled\ An act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, thp c#lh squares, streets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of IVeJi-

minster, the parishes of Saint Giles in the fields. Saint George the martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that part of the parish of Saint Andrew's Holborn which lies in the county of Middlesex, the several liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the dutchy of Lancaster which lies in the county of Middlesex, ani for preventing annoyances therein; and for other purposes therein mentioned: and whereas the of for putting the said act in execution, have made some progress in the trusts repofedin them, but find that the said act is defcftive, with respect to some of the powers thereby given; nor can the same be effectually put in execution, so as to answer the good purposes thereby intended, unless some new powers are granted, and the said act, in other respects, amended and made more effectual 5 may it therefore plcafeyour Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted, &c.

Five of are invested with full power to execute all matter* directed by the recited act to be done by a greater number, except in the

case of electing new of; -and they are impowerrd to alter

the position of any of the water-pipes j and to pay the expence thereof out

of the money appropriated for the purposes of the said act.-But the

pavements taken up for placing or amending the pipes are to be repaired by the commissioner's paviours, at the expence of the proprietors; and the of may compound with the said proprietors for fiteb

repairs.--Pavements liable to be repaired by any parish, body politick

or corporate, are to be repaired at their expence by the of paviours; and the of may compound witnfuch parishes, &c.

for the same.---They may also direct the courses of the gutters to be

turned 5 and the grates of the sewers to be removed and replaced; out

of the money appropriated for the use of this act.-All signs, flgn-irons,

pcfts, spouts, gutters, or other annoyances, may be removed, and new placed by the of; and for the future all signs, spouts, and gutters, fire. are to be placed on the fronts of the houses they belong to, on

penalty of jl.--Such parts of any of the said signs, fire. as shall remain

unused after the aiteration, to be returned to the owners.--Corner

hoafes* fire, shall be rated no more, than in proportion to the part of such

houk.

*7^1 Anno terdo Georgii III. c.*4, 25$

hou&, &c. Which i$ situated in the street, Swhereon such. rate made; >

— The rates to be paid by the inhabitants.-----Commissioners may or-

tier the streets to be watered; and the names of the streets or squares to be affixed on the corner hdufes.Penalty of defacing or destroying the

£tme, 40 s.---No inclosure to be made for depositmg materials fot

building or repairing wjthoqt leave. — Clause in the act9 Geo. s, concerning presentments by thfe annoyance jury. Repealed. —— ^-Surveyor,

See. to the coramifsioriers to view and present all defective pavethents; and if the same are not repaired within 14. days after notice lent for the ptjrpose, the of. may order the, same to be done; and be re-imbursed the charges by the parties; and if the parties refuse or neglect to pay the same, any justice may hear And determine the ihtftter in a mm-inary way 1 and lery the charges by distrest arid fate. — No action to be brought in pursuance of this act, until si days notice in writing shall be given to the clerk or treasurer of the of j or after fufficieqt latisfaftion or tender made to the party aggrieved; or after iix calendar

months next after the fast.--^Defendants may plead the general issue*

—— and if the action be brought contrary to the foregoing limitations, the jury must find for the defendant, who shall recover treble cofoi

CAP. XXIYw

An act to ft event fraudulent and occqfional votes in the the* tiens of knights of the Shire* and of members for cities and towns which are counties of themselves* so far as relatei to the right of voting by virtue of an annuity or relit charge.

WHEREAS annuities or relit charges granted for life or lives, Preambles or a greater estate* ijfutng out of freehold lands or tenements* are of a private nature* and therefore liable to fraudulent practices in the election of knights of/hires* to the prejudice of the candidatet* and of those who have just right to vote at such elections: and where-as the right of election of members to sieve in parliament for several cities and towns which are counties of themselves* in that part of Great Britain called England, is vested partly* or in the whole, tn freeholders* in respect of freeholders if the yearly value offorty jbiU lings* lying within such cities and towns: and whereas annuities and relit charges for a life or lives* or a greater eft ate* issuing out of such freehold Hmas or tenements* are liable to the like fraudulent practices: for remedy whereof* be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afisembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and perfori after the first day of August* one thousand seven hundred and mar vote irf sixty-four, no person shall vote for electing any knight or elections of knights of a Shire, citizen or citizens, burgess or burgesses, of any such city or town for that part of Great Britain called Eng- members for land* for or in respect of any annuity or relit charge issuing out cities and of freehold lands or tenements, and granted before the first day towns which of June* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, unless a certificate, upori oath, shall have been entered twelve calendar If*

months, at least, before the first day of such election, with the any annuity clerk of the peace for the county, riding, or division, or with or relit charge the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other publick officer, hav-Voio XXV. A % ing unlsfr

3££ Anno tertio Georgii III. c.24.*[1763.

at certificatebe ing the coftody of the records within such city^or^town where the^Wk^of^ lands or tenements do lie, follows^ $\af i*ta 7

6*p«ace, or o#hcr proper ofioar, i* month* before jw>y suchf 1^begims; <r

I A.B. of pm realty phifoo

of an annuity or relit charge? for my awn of? updb^i^f^ojfqe dear yearly value of forty fallings, above all retpsn^, d^es^faMe out vf the faiqe\ wholly tffuing out of freehold hmi^JmimepU, V.&-reiitamenu, belonging to C. D, of, 'faath$P*£k being, in the parish, township, or place, or in the parifas, i<dvnships> of placet, of E. in the county of without any trijlr Pf*-

gnent, matter, or thing, td the contrary notwithjiandingy and T> Sr; the pyrfon or per fens under whom 1 claim, was or werefeizzd oft fie fold annuity or relit charge before the first day of June, one thousand seven hmdred and sixty-'three*

#nd m like II. And be it further ehafttd by the authority aforctnd, ahanner with That no person shall vote for the^lodbng any knight or Rights ^.crpr? to/uch rif a Shire, or for a citizen or citizens, . burgess or 'Wrgestes, of a^lhaH come8 any f^h city Or town* for that part of Great Britafh qandd ]?^-by defeent, IdHd, in respect of any annuity or rcrit charge iflliing out 6f free-marriage, Jiald lands, tenement*, or hereditament*, which Thill cotae to isu^n, ^en" f^ch person by defeent marriage, marriage settlement, devise> /romotkm. presentatiwto a benefice in a church, or Dromotion to an ^office, within twelve calendar months next before fuen elation respectively, unless a certificate upon oath, of affirirbripil tf a quaker, shall have been entered with the cleric of the pdade, ' tdWh clerk, or other officer as aforesaid, before the first day of such, election, as follows; thatisJto say, .

I A. B. of am ready and sized of cm

annuity or relit charge, to my own tife and benefit, of Hhe ch&r, yearly value of forty shillings a year, above all rents \arid tfiufgei payable out of the same, wholly jffuing out of freehold lands, terimeiits, or hereditaments, belonging to C. D. of'y 'fitiiate, tythg, and being in the parish, township, or place, or in ihe panjhei^ 'fckiljfoips, or places, of in the county of, /; .<'with fat any

trust, agreement, matter, or thing, to the cofir ary ndtwitbfldkdlng; and I becamefrized of the said annuity or relit flarge, on the day of last pajl, by defeent or otherwip [as the cife rriiy

^aPFen-). .: , '..'.7 '

iSfor aify HI. And fee it .farther

person vote m That from and after, the said first day of Avgiijtthousand

tmy ejection seven hundred and sixty-four, no person (half votV J^'anyela-

aforesaid, tien of a knight or knights of the Shire, 6t ofariy '£3tte^ri or

Ug' citizens, burgess or tnirge(Tc$, of afiy (ben 'fcity of within

in respect of that part of Great Britain called England, for 6r inrespect stfiy

any annuity annuity or relit charge to be granted jtfter the said nrft d^y'of

or relit charge*unf one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, uhlefs dibc-granted after J 6 ? "'morill

7*> 3-1 Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 24. 355

norial of the grant of such annuity or relit charge shall have the said t >een registered with the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, unleftVme->r <livision, or with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, ormoriajoffte >ther public officer, having the custody of the records, within grant duly attach city or town where the lands or tenements out of which tested, be re-Ixch annuity or relit charge issues shall lie, twelve calendar frionths at lead before the first day of such election; which me- a 1 norial shall be wrote on parchment, and directed to such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other publick officer, and shall be under the hand and seal of the grantor and grantors, and attested by two witnesses, one whereof to be one of the witnesses to the execution of such grant; which witness shall upon oath before such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer as aforesaid, or their deputies, prove the sealing and delivering of such grant, and the signing and sealing of such memorial; and which memorial shall contain the day and year of the date, and the names, additions, and abodes, of the parties and witnesses, and all the lands and tenements out of which the annuity or relit charge issues, and the parish, township, or place, or the parishes, townships, and places, where such lands and tenements lie; and that every such grant, of which such memorial Such grant to is so to be registered, shall, at the time of entering such memo-rial, be produced to such clerk of the peace, town clerk, other officer, as aforesaid, or their deputies, who shall thereon and the day endorse a certificate, in which shall be mentioned the day and and year of

year on which such memorial shall be so entered. entering the

' memorial to

be endorsed thereon by the proper officer.

IV. And be it farther enatfted by the authority aforesaid, Nor may any That from and after the said first day of Augujiy one thousand in seven hundred and sixty-four, no person shall vote at any elec- a^nment of tien of a knight or knights of the Shire, or of any citizen or any annuity citizens, burgess or burgesses of any such city or town, in that or relit charge part of Great Britain called England^ by reason of an assignment m"*c before of any annuity or relit charge, or any part or parts thereof, 17 3> made before the said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, unless a certificate of such assignment unless a certi-upon oath, to the purport ljerein before mentioned, with respect fic?t.e the to an original annuity or relit charge, shall have been entered with be «-such cleric of the peace, town clerk, or other officer as aforesaid, tered as afore-twelve calendar months at lead before the first day of such elec- said; tien; and that no person shall vote at any such election as afore-nd the said, by reason of an assignment of any annuity or relit charge, ^d^afterthe or any part or parts thereof, made after the first day of June one said t June, thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, unless a memorial of then amerao-such assignment, and also a memorial of the grant of such an-rid tirereof, nuity or relit charge of which such assignment shall be made, to be shall have been attested and registered twelve calendar months fretted and at lead before the first day of such election, in the same manner reriftered as as is herein before directed with respect to the memorial of an i8^cd.in original grant of an annuity or relit charge.

35$

Books to be kept by the proper officers for entering such certificates and memorials.

Fees for entry, and search.

and for co-pies.

Officer may administer an oath in cases afore said. Copies attested by the proper officer, deemed legal evidence.

Memorials of grants or assign meats made and executed above 40 miles from the office of clerk of the peace, &c. to be registered, upon producing an affidavit made by one of the witnesses before one of the judges at Wellmlnfter, or a master in Chancery.

Officer, or deputy, to attend, upon reasonable notice and satisfaction, with the books

Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 24. [1763.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the peace of every county, riding, or division, and the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer as aforesaid, of every such city or town, shall keep a book or books for the entering of every such certificate and memorial, and shall be allowed for the entry of every such certificate the sum of one shilling, and of every such memorial, two shillings, and no more; and for every search for any certificate or memorial, one shilling, and no more; and that any person or persons may, at, all seasonable times, resort to and inspect the certificates, memorials, and books of entries thereof: and such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer as aforesaid, or their deputies, is hereby directed and required forthwith to give a copy of any certificate or memorial to any person or persons who (nail desire the same* paying for such copy, if it contains not more than two hundred words, the sum of six pence: and so in proportion for any greater number of words: And such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer as aforesaid, or their deputies, is hereby impowered to administer an oath in all cases where an, oath is required by this act; and true copies of the aforesaid certificates and memorials attested by such refoe&ive clerks of the peace, town clerk, or other officer as aforesaid, or their deputies, shall, at all times, be allowed and admitted as legal evidence in all cases whatsoever.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a memorial of such grant or alignment as shall be made and executed in any place not within forty miles of the office of the clerk of the peace for the respective county, riding, or division, or of the town clerk, or other officer, as aforesaid, shall be entered and registered by such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, as aforesaid, or their deputies, in case an affidavit sworn, or affirmation of a qualer, before one of the judges at JVcJiminster, or a master in chancery, ordinary or extraordinary, be brought with the said memorial to the said clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer as aforesaid, wherein oneof the witnesses to the execution of such grantor alignment shall swear that he or she fawthe same executed; and the same shall be a sufficient authority to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, or their deputies, to give the party that brings such memorial a certificate of the registering such memorial; which certificate, signed by the said clerk or the peace, town clerk, or other officer, as aforesaid, or their deputies, shall be taken and allowed as evidence of the registry of the same memorial in all courts of record whatsoever; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the peace of every county, riding, or division, and the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, as aforesaid, of every such city or town, or their deputies, shall, upon reasonable notice, attend at any such election with the book or books of entries of every such certificate and memorial, at the

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.25. 357

request of any candictate, or candidates; be or they making him of eotne* «t reafooabk satisfaltion for inch attendance. agffcehelee.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, officer guilty That if juavjpkrk of the peace, town clerk. or other officer, as ofany neg-aforesaid, wall beguilty of anywilful neglect, misdemeanor, dr or mtf> fraudulent predict, contrary to the true intent and meaning of

this act, every finch clerk of the peace, town cleric, or other officer, as aforesaid, shall, for every fucfr offence, forfeit one hundred pounds to the person who shall sue for die same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at WtJlmnAtr; wherein no effoin, pro-te&iop, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Limitation of declared by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be profecutioni. liable to any forfeiture or penalty by this act laid or imposed, unlets proiecution be commenced within twelve months after such forfeiture or penalty shall be incurred.

CAP. XXV.

An act to continue and amend two acts made in the twenty-first and twenty-eighth years his late

for encouraging the making of indico in the British fattens in America; and for extending the previsions of an act of the thirtieth year of his late Majesty's y with respeetto bringing prize goods into this Spanish prize goods taken Jincethe late declaration of V/ar with Spain.

WHEREAS the law for encouraging the making of indico tn the Brithh plantations in America has bent found to be very uffid and beneficial to the publxck, and is so near that it is fit it Should be continued; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament adembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his late xnajedy King George the Second, intituled. ail for encourag-

ing tbt making of indico in the British plantations in America, which was to continue in fqree for foven years, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament j and which, by another alt of the twenty-eighth year of his said late Majesty's reign, is further continued, from the twenty-fifth day'of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, . and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby, further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the

preamble,

The act of u Geo.« relating to British plantation* mane indico, which was continued by

an act of8 Geo. a.

is furtbcrcon? tinued to a $ March, 177Q,

55$* Anno tertio Georgii III. G.25. £1763^

twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the end of the then next fcffioa of parliament.

After*Pira* II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-term Umited That from and after the time limited by the said act of by the act of the twenty-eighth year of his Jate Majesty's reign, no more than8 Geo. x. four pence on the pound wdjght shall be paid and allowed as a a bounty only boUnty^jndico imported from his Majesty's colonies, under to be avowed the regulations and restrictions mentioned in the fiid act of the on all such in- twenty-first year of the reign of King George the Second; and dico import- that no part of the said bounty of four pence on the pound unier the weigh* shall be repaid upon the exportation of such indico. regulations of the act of n Geo. % , No part of the bounty to be repaid on exportation.

Poubts, with respect to the quality of the indico claiming the bounty, in any of the out ports, to be determined by two persons nulled in the commodity j

hut If a competent number of such persons cannot be found there.

Samples of the indico are to be sent to the eommission-rs of the puitoms.

Provisions In acl "jo Geo. ». encouraging the importation of prize goods, extended to Spanish prize £oods.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case any doubt or dispute shall arise between the surveyors or officers of the cufr toms, and the owners or importers of indico imported into any of the out ports of Great Britain* as to the quality of the same, it shall and may be lawful for the collector of his Majesty's customs in any such out port, to call two pr more dyers, dry fiiters, brokers, or others, well (killed in that commodity, who shall declare upon oath, if required, their opinion as to the quality of the same, and, according to the belt of their judgment, determine .whether the said indico is or is not iotitjed to the premium granted by the above recited act.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That if a competent number of persons well (killed in that commodity, to be approved of by the collector of the customs, in any out port where indico is imported, cannot be found in such out port, then, and in such case only, where any doubt or dispute shall arise as aforesaid, samples of such indico, if imported into any out port in England* (nail be taken and sent to the of of the customs at London; and if imported into any out port in Scotland* to the com* missioners of the customs at Edinburgh; in such manner as the respective of shall direct, in order to be inspected and adjudged by such persons, and in such manner, as are prescribed by law for indico imported into the port of London.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the provisions of an act passed in the thirtieth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the relief and encouragement of the captors of prizes, with ref pelt to the bringing and landing prize goods in this kingdom \ be extended to Spanish prize goods taken since the late declaration of war with Spain.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to continue and render more effectual two acts of far-liament for repairing the roads from Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Cory's Mill, to Hitchin; and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to llitchin, in &e county of Hertford.

i7$3-] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.27 — 32.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to continue and render pure effectual two acts of parliament for repairing and widening the rood leading from the Black Bull lou in Dunstable, in the county 0/Bedford, to the way turning out of the said rood up to Stafford House, in the county of Hertford.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for continuing an act passed in the eleventh year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the town tbock, and liberties thereof.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament of the sixth and twelfth years of his late.Majestfs reign, for repairing the road from Fyfield in the

county of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge in the county of Gloucester, and from an inn called the Hind's Head, in the farish of Kingston Bagpuze in the said county of Berks, to that part of Newbridge which fiands in the said county of Berks; and for rendering the said nets more effectual.

CAP. XXX.

An act to enlarge "the term and powers granted by an act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act to repair ana widen the road leading from Godmanchester in the.county of Huntingdon, through Fen Stanton 2nd Cambridge, to the first rubbing house on Newmarket Heath, in the county of Cambridge.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from a place collect Nightingales, in the township of Heath Charnock, tot/te bridge at the west end of the town of Bolton in the Moors, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for repairing the road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the turnpike road leading to Stump Crose, in the counties ^/Cambridge exd Suffolk.

!$0 Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 33 — 38. £1763;

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for repairing, widenand keeping in repair., the road from Kirkby Kendall, in the county of Westmorc? land, to Kirkby Irelcth, in the county of Lancaster.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for repairing; widenand keeping in, the high road leading from the fourteen mile the parish

of Mothvey, in the county of Carmarthen, through Llandovery, to Llydiad y Gwyn, the parish of Llandilo vawr; and from thence by Cledfulch, and over Dulds Bridge, to the town c^Landilo yawr; and from the said town along the pofi road, by Rhwyradar, through the county borough of Carmarthen, and village of Saint (Hears, to Tavern Spite, in of KifEg, at the borders of the county of Pembroke.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in roads leading from the town of Barnstaple, in the county of Devon.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for repairing, wideni and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham; and for building a bridge croft the river Ouze, at or near a place called Stretham Ferry, ifftbf county of Cambridge.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to continue and render more effectual several acts of parliament for repairing the road from Highgate Gater House, in the county of Middlesex, to Bdrnet Block-house, in the county of Hertford; and the road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel in Endfield Chace; and also Canewood Lane, leading from Highgate to Hampstead, in the said county of lyliddlefek; and fyr repairing and widening the road, being part of the great North from London, beginning at Barnet Block-house, and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley

CAP. XXXV11I.

An act for amending and widening several roads leading from gr near the north end of tbti town and borough of Totnes, In the county of peyoq,

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c. 39 — 45. 361

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for making a navigation from the river Humber, a canal or cut, at or near Tetney Haven, to the river Ludd, in the parifts 0/Alvingham, in the county Lincoln; and for continuing the said navigation in or near the said river, from thence, to or near the town of Louth, in the said cosaity.

CAP. XL.

An act for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. XLI.

An act for paving, lighting, and cleansing the city of Coventry, and its futures, for preventing annoyances therein j and for better ordering the publick wells and pusnps there.

CAP. XLII.

An act for continuing the duties, and enlarging the granted by two acts made in the fifth and twenty-fifth years of his late Majestfs reign, for enlarging the pier and bar-pour of Scarborough in the county of York.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road, between Oswestry tfftd Wrexham, at or »rarvWhithuriPs House, through Llangolien, to the most proper and commodious Joining of

the turnpike road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin, at or near Tavern Dwyrarch; and from Llangollen said, through Acre Fair Colhery, to the Finger Post, at the joining of the road leading from Oswestry to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road, and opening a communication, from the house of Thomas Hughes adjoining to Halkin Mountain, to Farm \ and across the 'old post road in Counfillt-fechan, to a house at Nant y Mod), in Bagillt, in the occupation of Thomas Gill, in the county of Flint.

CAP. XLV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Lawton, in the county of Chester, to Burftem and Newcastle under Lyne, in the county pfStafford, and other; roads therein mentioned.

Anno tertio Georgii III. c46 — 51. [1763.

CAP. XLVI.

An act to continue the term, and enlarge the powers of several acts of parliament for repairing the roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reacting; and from the fai bridge to Henfey Bridge, in the county of Berks.

CAP. XLVII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of the first and twelfth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from the powder wills on Hounslow Hin the county of Middlesex, to a place called Bafingstone, near the of Bagshot, in the parish of Windlelham, in the county of Surrey.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for the better cleansing and enlightening the lanes, and publick ways, of the city of York, and the urbs thereof, and of the liberty of Saint Peter within the said city; and for keeping the same in repair and free from annoyance \ and for regulating the hackney coachmen and chairmen, carmen and draymenwithin the same.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for taking down the parish church of Saint Andrew, in the city of Canterbury; and for building a new church in a more convenient place.

CAP. L.

An act for vesting certain parcels of land in Paddington, in the county of Middlesex, in the rector and churchwardens of the parish of Saint George Hanover-Square, in the said county, and appropriating the same for a burial ground for the said parish.

CAP. LI.

An act to amend and render more effectual so much of an act passed in the last ftffion of parlintituled. An act for amending and widening the road from the market house in Stourbridge, to Colley Gate, in Cradley, and from Pei-

more to HoUyHall, and from Colly Gate to Halejowen, and from the turnpike road on Dudley Wood to Rednall Green, in the parirn of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn , at No in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, as relates to the road from the turnpike road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield.

1763.] Anno tertio Georgii III. c.52 — 58;

CAP. LII.

An act for amending and widening the roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the county of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same county.

CAP. LIII.

An act for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the county of Middlesex feifor cleanft and lighting the squares, streets, lanes, alleys, courty and other open

passages and places^ and regulating and keeping a nightly watch, within such parts of the said parish- as are not within the liberties of the Tower of London, or city of London, and to enable the parishioners to raise money to defray the expences of repairing the said parish church.

---

CAP. LIV.

An act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the town of Wareham in the county of Dorset; and for determining differences touching houses and buildings burnt down or demolished by reason of the late dreadful fire and for preventing future danger by fire.

CAP. LV.

An act for lighting the streets and other places, and maintaining a regular and nightly watch, within the town and county of the town of Newcastle upon Tyne; and for regulating the hackney coachmen and porters, and watermen within the same.

CAP. LVI.

An act for the better paving of the streets, and for preventing nuisances and other annoyances in the town of Gosport, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LVII.

An act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Derby, to the town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the county of Stafford, and for repairing and widening the road from Cliffebank to Snape Marsh, in the village of Shelton, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LVIII.

An act to continue the term and enlarge the powers of two acts of parliament, for repairing the highways from

364 Anno tertio Georgii III. c.59. [1763.

Whitechapel church, in the county of Middlesex, to Woodford, in the county of Essex; and for enlightening and watching part of the said highway from Whitechapel church to Stratford; and for repairing the road through the parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the county of Essex.

CAP. LIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Stafford to Sandon, in the county of Stafford; and several other roads in the counties of Salop and Stafford.

