A

TABLE

Containing the Titles of all the

STATUTES

PUBLICS and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno undecimo Georgii III. Regis.

Being the Third Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain

PUBLICK ACTS.

I. AN act for continuing an act made in the last session of parliament, to prohibit, for a further time, the exportation or corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour.

---

II. An act to continue for a further time, an act made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, an act to continue and amend an act made in the pjtb year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for importation of salt* ed beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited / time; and for allowing the importation of faked beef, pork, j bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America^ for, a limited time.

III. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the / better payment of the army and their quarters,

IV. An act for indemnifying all persons with respect to advising or carrying into execution his Majesty's orders of council, made for preventing the spreading or a contagious distemper amongst the horned cattle, and for rendering the same valid and effectual, and for preventing suits in consequence thereof; and to authorise the continuing, extending, and executing the same, for a further time.

V. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one them land seven hundred and seventy.

VI. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

VII. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

VIII. An act to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to discontinue, fir a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, bogs lard, and grease.

IX. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

X. An act to permit the exportation of malt.

XI. An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

XII. An act* to enable the commissioners for executing the office of treasurer of his Majesty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the* time being, tb compound, with William Hill and John Dyer, a debt due to the crown from William Pye* for which they are sureties.

XIII. An act for enabling his Majesty to grant the inheritance in fee Ample of the manor of Cosham, in the county of Wilts* with the rights, members, and appurtenances thereof, now held, under a demise by letters patent under the seal of his Majesty's court of exchequer, in trust for Paul Methuen Csquire, unto the said Paul Methuen, and his heirs, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the same.

XIV. An act for paring, lighting, and watching the town, of Plymouth, in the county of Devon; and for regulating the carmen and porters within the said town.

XV. An act to continue an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for amending, and further continue ing, an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America* an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for puntshing mutiny and desertion*and for the better payment of the army and their quarters,

XVI. An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

XVII. An act to repeal so much of an act made in the fe-j venth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for i granting certain duties in the British colonies and plantations in A-j merica \ for allowing a drawback of the duties of customs upon the exportation? from this kingdom* of coffee and cocoa nuts of the produce of the said colonies or plantations j for- discontinuing the drawee backs

I bads payable on china earthen ware exported to America; and for more esse finally preventing the tlandtfiine running of goods in the faii colonies and plantations, as relates to the duties upon glass, red-kad, white-lead, painters colours, paper, paste-boards, mill-j boards, and scale-boards, of the produce or manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of his Majesty's colonies in I America; and also to the discontinuing the drawbacks payable j on china earthen-ware, exported to America; and for regulating the exportation thereof.

XVIII. An act for preventing the stealing of dogs.

XIX. An act for better preservation of the game, within that part of Great Britain called England.

XX. An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the borough of King's Lynn, and the liberties thereof.

XXI. An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the parishes of Poulton, 1Ytrkbam, Lytbam, and Bifpham> and townships of Preefall and Stalmine9 in the county palatine of Lancaster.

XXII. An act for better supplying the city of Worcester, and the liberties thereof, with water; and for the better paving and lighting the said city; and for removing and preventing all obstructions and annoyances therein.

XXIII. An act for the more effectually paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the (treats, squares, lanes, and other passages, and for regulating weights and measure6, within the parish of Saint Mary k Bone, in the county of Middlesex\ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

XXIV. An act for further continuing the duties granted and continued by several acts made in the sixth and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the seventh year of the reign of King George the First, for repairing the harbour and key of WauheUy in the county of Somerset.

XXV. An act for the better paying, repairing, and cleansing, the streets, and other publick passages, in the several parishes and wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy Rhood, Saint Lawrence, All Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bar, and East Street and Bag-row, within the town of Southampton9 and liberties thereof; and for preventing nusances and annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious; and for the lighting, and watching the said streets and publick passages.

XXVI. An act for further continuing the terms and powers, granted and continued by three acts passed in the twelfth and thirteenth years of William the Third, the Tenth of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh year of his late Majesty George the Second, for recovering, securing, and keeping in repair, the harbour of Minehead, in the county of Somerset; and for the more effectual carrying the said acts into execution; and also for the better securing the ancient dues payable to the lord or lady of the manor of Minehead for the time being.

XXVII. An act to enlarge the powers of an act of the twenty-fourth year of his late Majesty, for making the river Nar navigable, from the town and port of King's Lytin to West* acre in the county of Norfolk, and for making the said act more effectual.

XXVIII. An act for rebuilding the common gaol of the county of Effiex.

XXIX. An act to explain, amend, and make more, effectual, an act passed in the fifth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Leffnefsi in the county of Kent 5 and one other act passed in the sixth year of his Majesty's reign, for extending the provisions of the said act to the hundred of Wellington, in the county of Surrey

XXX. An act for rectifying a mistake in an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for better securing the duties tf customs upon certain goods removed from the out ports and other places to London j for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty's customs in the province of Senegambia in Africa 5 for allowing to the receivers general of the duties On offices and employments in Scotland, a proper compensation for their trouble and expences\ for the better preservation of hollies, thorns, and quicksets, in fir efts> chaces % and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods in for efts and chaces 5 and fir authorising the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley, called Bigg, from the port of Kirkwall in the tflands of Orkney.

XXXI. An act for extending like liberty, in the exportation i of rice from East and West Florida to the southward of Cape 1 Finisterre in Europe, as is granted, by former acts of parliament, ^to Carolina and Georgia.

XXXII. An act for defraying the expence of building the new office of excise in London, out of his Majesty's revenue of excise.

XXXIII. An act for rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the of appointed by an act made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same session, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the.year one thousand seven hundred and ftxly-nine; and for appointing other of, together with those named in the first-mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

XXXIV. An act for rendering more effectual several acts for providing a publick reward for discovering the longitude at sea; for improving the Lunar Tables constructed by the late professor Mayer; and for encouraging discoveries and improvements useful to navigation.

XXXV. An act to enable the governor, council, and assembly

A TABLE of the STATJJTES.

of his Majesty's colony of New York, to pass an act of assembly for creating and iiluing upon loan paper bills of credit to a certain amount; and to make the same a legal tender in payments into the loan offices and treasury of the said colony.

XXXVI. An act for redeeming tfte capital or joint {lock of annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per cen-tumy established by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his, late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two millions, to be ratfed by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged on the sinking fund, redeemable by parliament; and for extending to Ireland the laws made in this kingdom against private dnd unlawful lotteries.

XXXVII. An act for continuing so much of an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to continue and amend two acts made in the twenty-first and twenty -eighth years of his late Majesty's reign, for encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in America; and for the extending the provisions of an act of the thirtieth year of his late Ma-jeftfs reign, with respect to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanish prize goods taken since the late declaration of War with Spaih, as relates to encouraging the making of indico in the \ British plantations in America; and for explaining so much of ] an act made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in America; and for extending the same to the naval officers there.

XXXVIII. An act for continuing the bounties on British and' Irish linens exported; for further discontinuing the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; and for granting a bounty on the exportation of British checqued and striped linens, and upon British and Irish diapers, huckabacks, Iheeting, and other linen of above a certain breadth.

XXXIX. An act for registering the prices at which corn is fold in the counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported.

XL. An act for appropriating a fund, established by an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom, and for establishing a fund for the encouraging of the ratfing and dressing of hemp and flax.

XLI. An act to enable the speaker of the house of commons to issue his warrants to make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as shall die during the recess of parliament.

XLII. An act to indemnify such persons in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; for allowing further time for registering and inrolling agreements entered into for enclosing

commons, for the purjtofe of planting and preferVing trees for timber or underwood; and for indemnifying persons who have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of in» dentures of clerks to attornies and follicitors.

XLIII. An act for repealing the duties upon bast or straw, chip, cane, and horsehair hats and bonnets, and upon certain materials for making the same, imported into this kingdom; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent importation of such goods.

XLIV. An act for, more effectually preventing traders in exciseable commodities from using faife weights and scales; and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs.

XLV. An act to prevent the further spreading of the contagious disorder among the horned cattle in Great Britain.

XLVI. An act for establishing a lottery, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

XLVII. An act for better regulating persons employed in the service of the East India company, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

XLVIII. An act for making the receiving of stolen jewels, and gold and hiver plate, in the case of burglary and highway robbery, more penal.

XLIX. An act for continuing and amending several acts for preventing abuses in making bricks and tiles.

L. An act for the further preventing delays of justice by reason of privilege of parliament.

LI. An act to encourage the improvement of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under settlements of strict entail.

LII. An act for granting ro his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

LIII. An act to repeal an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the relief of the coal heaven working upon the river Thames; and for enabling them to make provision for such of themselves as shall be fiek> lame, or pafl their labour, and for their widows and orphans; and to regulate the price of their labour; to prevent frauds and impositions on such labourers; and for their further relief.

---

LIV. An act for amending the road from Saint Stephen's gate, in the city of Norwich, to Block Hill in Trowse, at the angle where the road divides to Bixley and Kirby, in the county of Norfolk.

LV. An act for repairing and widening several roads in the county of Cardigan.

LVI. An act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the county of Middlesex.

LVII. An act for the better regulating the navigation of the river Trent, from Wilden Ferry, otherwise Cavendish Bridge, in the county of Derby, to Gainsborough, in the county of Lincoln.

LVIII. An act for amending the road from Aylesbury, in the county of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the turnpike road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the county of Oxford.

LIX. An act to continue and render more effectual An act of the thirty first year of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads in the counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis; and for repairing the road from the turnpike road at the Three Ashes, in the parish of Crewkerne, in the county of Somerset, and other, roads therein mentioned.

LX. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act for amending the road from Christopher's Bridge, in the borough of Thetford, in the county of Suffolk, to the north-east end of the town of Newmarket, in the county of Cambridge.

LXI. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York, so far as the same relates to the road from Leeds to Wakefield.

LXII. An act for the repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Eaton Bridge, turnpike road at Cockham Hill, in the parish of Westerham, in the county of Kent, through the village of Limpsfield, to the village of Titsey, over Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and Willingham common, to the turnpike road leading from Croyden to Godstone, in the county of Surry.

LXIII. An act for repairing and widening the road from Upton, in the parish of Ratley, to the north end of Bridge Street, in the town of Great Kington; and from thence to the guide post at the town of Wellesbourne Hastings, in the county of Warwick.

LXIV. An act for repairing and widening the road from Lewes to Brighthelmston, in the county of Sussex.

LXV. An act for repairing the road from the bridge on the old river at at Barton to Brandon Bridge in the county of Suffolk.

LXVI. An act for repairing and widening the road from Tunstall, in the county of Stafford, to Bosley in the county of Chester; and from Great Chell, to Shelton in the said county of Stafford.

LXVII. An act for amending and widening the road from Saint Benedict's gate, in the county of the city of Norwich to Swaffham, in the county of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny bridge in Honingham, to the bounds of Yaxham; and also a lane called Hangman's lane, near the gates of the said city.

LXVIII. An act for continuing the terms, and enlarging the powers, of several acts of parliaments made for repairing the road from Ipswich to Cleydon, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Suffolk.

LXIX. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act of the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the second, for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick (through Elmdom) to a lane leading by the end of Stonebridge in the said County.

LXX. An act to enlarge the term contained in two several acts of parliament, and to grant a further term and powers for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending the road from a place called Earl's Kill in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate in Wigan, both in the county of Lancaster.

LXXI. An act to continue two acts, of the third and seventeenth years of the reign of King George the second, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the parish of South Mims, in the county of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford.

LXXII. An act for repairing and widening the road from Bicester in the county of Oxford, to Aylesbury in the county of Bucks.

LXXIII. An act to empower the justices of the peace, for the county of Devon to apply a sum of money, out of the county stock, for the opening, making, and maintaining a convenient and commodious highway, from the high street in the city of Exeter to the castle of Exeter.

LXXIV. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twentieth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Cirencester in the county of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill in the said county.

LXXV. An act for building a workhouse in the parish of Saint Martin in the fields, within the liberty of Westminster in the county of Middlesex.

LXXVI. An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair the road from New Chappell, in the county of Surry, over Copthorn, in the county of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the town of Ditchling, up to the top of Pitchling Bost Hills, in the said county of Sussex.

LXXVII. An act for amending and widening the road from Saint Stephen's gate, in the county of the city of Norwich, to the Windmill in the town of Watton, in the county of Norfolk.

LXXVIII. An act for amending and widening several roads leading from the Bell in Stoke Ferry in the county of Norfolk.

LXXIX. An act to enable the parishioners of Saint Andrew, Holborn, London, to purchase a workhouse.

LXXX. An act for building a workhouse for the liberty of Saffron-Hill, Hatton-Garden, and Ely-rents, in the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the county of Middlesex.

LXXXI. An act for consolidating the rates to be made for the relief of the poor of the respective parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the city of New Sarum.

LXXXII. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, so far as the said act relates to the repairing and widening the road from Hindhead Heath, in the county of Surry, through Fernhurst lane and Midhurst, to the city of Chichester, in the county of Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the road from Chichester aforesaid to Delkey, in the said county.

LXXXIII. An act to continue and render more effectual several acts for repairing and amending the road from Biggleswade, in the county of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury to the top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton common, in the county of Huntingdon; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road leading out of the aforesaid road at or near the Ferry-house, in the parish of Temsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the turnpike road at the end of Cross Hall lane.

LXXXIV. An act for enlarging the term granted by an act of the twenty eighth year of his late Majesty's reign, "for repairing and widening the road from Sutton, in the county of Surrey, through the borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam and over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said county;" and for impowering the trustees appointed by an act of the tenth year of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing several roads in the counties of Surrey and Sussex, to make a yearly allowance to the trustees appointed by the said act of the twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for taking certain roads out of the power of the trustees appointed by the said act of the tenth of George the First, and putting them under the direction of the trustees appointed by the said act of the twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for repairing the road from Povey Cross, in the county of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the counties of Surrey and Sussex; and also the road from Woodhatch to Peteridge Lane, in the county of Surrey.

LXXXV. An act for repairing and widening the several roads from the South Gate, in the borough of King's-Lynn, into the parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke-ferry, and Downham-market, in the county of Norfolk.

LXXXVI. An act for repairing and widening the, roads from the East Gate, in the borough of King's-Lynn, into the parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the gate next Hillington, on Congham common, and to the north end of Babingley lane, in the county of Norfolk.

LXXXVII. An act to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the First year of the reign of his present Majesty, "for repairing and widening the road from the east end of West Taphouse lane to the borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House, and also the road from the said borough of Liskeard to Craft Hole, and from thence to Crimple Passage and Tar Point, and from Craft Hole aforesaid to Saint German's Beacon, in the counties of Cornwall and Devon," and for amending the roads from Barn Street to Duloe Church, and from Lux Street to Crathick Ford, and from Bull Post to Treworgey Cross, in the county of Cornwall.

LXXXVIII. An act for repairing and widening, the road from Whitchurch, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the county of Berks.

LXXXIX. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Stockport in the county of Chester, to Saxon's lane End in the county of Lancaster, and other roads in the said act mentioned.

XC. An act to continue, amend, and render more effectual the several acts now subsisting for repairing the road from Dunchurch to Stone Bridge, in the county of Warwick.

XCI. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the several roads leading from the town of Bromyard, in the county of Hereford, therein mentioned, and for amending several other roads adjoining thereto.

XCII. An act for repairing and widening the road from Worksop to the turnpike road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the great northern road at South Mulkam, in the county of Nottingham.

XCIII. An act for building a bridge over the river Clyde, near the town of Hamilton, in the county of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain roads and avenues leading to the same.

XCIV. An act for amending the road from Wellsbourn Mountfort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick.

XCV. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Brighthelmston, to the County oak on Lovell Heath, in the county of Sussex.

XCVI. An act for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Bury Saint Edmunds, to the town of Newmarket, in the counties of Suffolk and Cambridge; and from the south end of the Ferry Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said county of Suffolk.

XCVII. An act to extend the provisions in two acts passed in the third and fifth years of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Cambridge to Ely, and, from Ely to Littleport; and others roads therein mentioned, to the road from Wilburton to Mepall; and for making other provision for repairing the said road from Ely to Littleport; and for making and keeping in repair a road from Littleport to Chequer Corner in Downham, in the counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

XCVIII. An act for repairing, widening, and altering the road from Macclesfield, in the county of Chester, to the turnpike road at Randle Carr lane Head in Fernilee, in the county of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith, in the same county.

XCIX. An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Tamworth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby.

C. An act to continue the term, and to vary and enlarge the powers of two acts of the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the highways from Speenhamland, in the county of Berks, to Marlborough, in the county of Wilts; and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

CI. An act for repairing and widening the road from Burford to Banbury, in the county of Oxford; and from Burford aforesaid to the turnpike road leading to Stow, in the county of Gloucester, at the bottom of Stow-Hill; and from Swerford-gate, in the said county of Oxford, to the turnpike road in Aynho, in the county of Northampton.

CII. An act to amend an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the county of Derby, to the river Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap; and for granting further powers for that purpose.

CIII. An act to explain and amend an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, between Bewdley and Titton Brook, in the county of Worcester, to cross the river Trent, at or near Heywood Mill, in the county of Stafford, and to communicate with a canal intended to be made between the said river Trent and the river Mersey; and for granting further powers for that purpose.

CIV. An act to explain and amend an act made in the thirty-second year of the reign of King George the Second, for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of Glasgow, and for building a bridge cross the said river, from the said city, to the village of Gorbells.

CV. An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal and waggon way, from the collieries in the parishes of Old and New Monkland, to the city of Glasgow.

CVI. An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act made in the thirty-first year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the village of Magor, to the bridge foot in the town of Chepstow in the county of Monmouth, and other roads in the counties of Monmouth and Gloucester; and for repairing and widening several other roads adjoining to the said roads.

CVII. An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of three acts for repairing the highways through the several parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

CVIII. An act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of three acts of parliament, for repairing the roads from Sevenoaks, Tunbridge-Wells, and Kipping's-Cross, to Lamberhurst-Pound, and Pullin's-Hill, in the county of Kent; and to Flimwell-Vent, in the county of Sussex; as relates to the road leading from Seven-oaks common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge-Wells, and Kipping's-Cross, in the said county of Kent.

CIX. An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Louth, in the county of Lincoln.

CX. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor of the parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the liberty of Westminster and county of Middlesex.

CXI. An act for compleating the navigation of the river Swale, from its junction with the river Ure to Morton Bridge, and of Bedale Brook, in the county of York, and for repealing part of an act made in the seventh year of His present Majesty's reign relating thereto.

CXII. An act for building a new parish church, and declaring the present parish church a chapel; for making a cemetery or church-yard; and for building an house for the use of the minister of the parish of Saint Mary le bone, in the county of Middlesex.

CXIII. An act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the roads from Butterton Moor End near Oncott, in the county of Stafford, to the three mile stone in the turnpike road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the county of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road leading from Buxton to Ashborne near Newhaven, in the county of Derby, and from Warstow to Ecton Mine, in the county of Stafford.

CXIV. An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from Leeds Bridge, in the county of York, to the North Lady's Walk in Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the river Mersey.

PRIVATE ACTS.

---

1. AN act to enable the right honourable George

commonly called lord George, and his issue

male, to take and use the surname of, pursuant to the will of the right honourable the lady Elizabeth Germain, deceased.

2. An act for naturalizing John Caspar

A TAB LE of the STATUTES.

3. An act for naturalizing Adam Kroll.

4. An act for naturalizing John Daniel

5. An act to enable the Bishop of Bristol to grant a lease or leases of a close of Ground, commonly called,

in the parish of Saint Augustine, other wise called

the left, within the city of Bristol* or the suburbs thereof.

6. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the open fields,

and certain commonable places, in the parish of, in

the county of Leicester.

7. An act for dividing, inclosing* and allotting the open fields,

in the parish of Rat by, and county of

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Waddington, in the county of the city of

9. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields

and commonable places, in the parish of in the county of Leicester.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields and

common pastures, in the parish of in the county of Lincoln.

11. An act for dividing and inclosing the open commons, within the manor or lordship of Brampton, in the parish of Long-mart on y in the county of Westmoreland.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing an open common, or trad of ground, parcel of Mendip, in the parishes of cran* more and West Cranmore, in the county of

13. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain common, or waste ground, called Derby Hills, in the county of Derby, parcel of the manor of Cajile Donington, in the counties of Leicester and Derby.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and commonable grounds, in the parish of in the county of Oxford.

15. An act to enable William, and his- issue, to take

and use the surname and arms of pursuant to the will

of William Backwell deceased.

16. An act to enable William Head Esquire, a minor, and his

issue, to take and use the surname of James only* and to bear the coat of armour of the family of James Esquire, deceased.

17. An act for naturalizing Christian Gottlieb

18. An act for naturalizing John Nicholas

19. An act for naturalizing John Julius Atigerfiein.

20. An act for vesting the manor of, and certain

lands and hereditaments in the counties of Somerset and Wilts* settled by the will of John Walker Esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold 5 and for settling other lands and hereditaments in the said county of Wilts* in lieu thereof $ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

21. An act for discharging certain estates from the uses and t;ufts thereof, created in and by *n act of parliament passed it*

the

‘by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the twenty-eighth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled,

act for charging the settled and unsettled tf Gilbert Caldicot

Esquire, with raising money, to pay his debts and, and for limiting his unsettled estates so charged to the uses of his marriage settlment; and for charging the said estates to the several use?* and trusts therein mentioned.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common % fields and grounds, within the parish of Benniworth in the county of Lincoln.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Navenby, in the county of

24. An act for dividing and inclosing part of the common fields, in the parish of Uppingham, in the county of

25. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open lands,

grounds, and common pastures, in the parish of in

the county of Lincoln.

26. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and wade

grounds, within the township and manor of in -

ford Dale, in the west riding of the county of York

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, downs, meadows, and waste lands, within the manor or manors of

Compton, in the parish of Enford, in the county of Wilts.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and waste grounds, within the manor or parish of BaJJenthwaite, in the county of Cumberland.

20. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, copies, and commonable ground, within the parish of,

otherwise Divington Parva, in the county of Northampton.

30. An act for dividing and inclosing Heath, in the

Lordship of Wyvill cum Hungerton, in the county of Lincoln.

31. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain parcel of open

ground, called Dunnington Moorfm the east riding of the county of York.

32. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pasture, and other uninclosed grounds, within the township of West Heflerton and parish of Ye in the east riding of the county of York.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Bottesford, including the hamlets of Easthorpe and Normanton, in the county of Leicefte.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing two common stinted pastures, and a certain moor or common, within the manor of Bftlerby, in the north riding of the county of York.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing a parcel of open ground, in the township of Earfwick, in the county of York.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and waste ground, in the lordship or liberty of Ravenflone, otherwise Rjounfton, In the counties of Leicester and Derby.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fields, lands, and downs, within the manor and parHh of

Westwell, in the county of Oxfordr.

38. An act for dividing and inclosing several common fields

and commonable lands, within the parish of, in the county of Warwick.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing the open parts of the common arable fields, and the common meadows, pasture grounds, commons, and waste grounds, within the townmips of

Sherburn, Renner ton, Barkston-AJb, Church, Little Fenton and

Biggen, in the county of York.

40. An act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an act

made in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for dividing a certain Fen, called the; Hautre Huntre, Eight

Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other commonable places -joining thereto, in the partsofHolland, in the county ^Lincoln.

41. An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act

made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for draining and improving certain low andfen

lands, lying between Bofion Haven and Bourne, parts of Kef-

even and Holland, in the county of Lincoln, and for improving the navigation through the said lands.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields,

common meadows, common cow pasture, lammas grounds, and waste grounds, in the parish of in the county of

43. An act for naturalizing John Jacob Appach.

44. An act for naturalizing John Gottfried Hanman.

45. An act for vesting a certain messuage or tenement, with,

the appurtenances, in Arlington in the county of Middlesex, part of the settled estate of the most noble Evelyn duke of Kingston, in trustees and their heirs, in trust for the said duke; and for settling other estates of the said duke to the same uses as the said messuage and premises now stand limited.

46. An act for vesting several lands and tenements, settled and intailed upon Jacob Pleydell Bouverie, commonly called vifcbunt Folkestone, and William Earl of Ra, and their issue respectively, by the will of Sir Mark Stuart Pleydell baronet, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, to discharge incumbrances; and for veiling several lands and tenements settled and entailed upon the said earl and his issue, by the will of Sir Edward des Bouverie Baronet deceased, in trustees, to be sold jvand for settling other lands and hereditaments in lieu thereof.

47. An act for vesting the fee simple and inheritance of certain lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Winterbourne Clenston, ki the county of Dorfit, in trustees, for the right honourable Jofiph Lord Milton and his heirs, discharged of the several charitable uses to which the fame now stand limited; and in lieu thereof to subject and charge the fame, and other lands and hereditaments in the same county, whereof the said Jofiph Lord

Milton, is seised in fee, with the payment of a perpetual relit charge of greater value, and for other purposes.

48. An act to enable the right honourable George Lord

Jr

A TABLE of STATUTES.

eomle, to grant building leases of lands, tenements, and heredity ments, within the manor of Stoneho, otherwise East Stonehouse, in the county of Devon.

49. An a 6tfor confirming an agreement, afterwards made an

order of assize, and rule of his Majesty's court of King's bench at Westminster, in a cause wherein on the demise of

William Sahin Esquire and Catherine his wife was plaintiff, and

Margaret Thornton and Mary Thornfpinfters, infants* by their guardians, were defendants, touching the manor of -

ton, capital messuage of Netherwitton, and other messuages, lands* and hereditaments, in the county of Northumberland, heretofore the estate of John Thornton, late of Netherwitton aforesaid, Esquire* deceased; and for confirming the award made in pursuance of the said agreement.

50. An act to impower the trustees named in the settlement of Sir George Rooinfon Baronet, and dame Dorothea his wife, to grant building and repairing leased of the settled estates in or near Tower-Hill, within the liberty of the tower of London j and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

51. An act to enable the trustees of the estates devised by William Hulme Esquire, to grant building leases thereof, and to increase the number of exhibitioners in Nose, Oxford, founded by the said Testator; and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

52. An act for vesting the manor of and certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in Snelston, in the county of

Derby,comprised in the marriage settlement of Thomas Dockfey Esquire, in trustees, in trust to sell and convey the same to thur Bowyer gentleman, and his heirs, discharged from the uses of the said settlement; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same uses.

53. An act for vesting the share and interest of George Rich Esquire, second son of Sir Robert Rich Baronet, deceased, of and in 6000l. (which, by the settlement made on the marriage of the said Sir Robert Rich, with dame Elizabeth Rich, his now widow, was secured for the benefit of their younger children) in the executors of the said Sir Robert Rich, as part of his personal estate, pursuant to a codicil to his will, made for that purpose.

54. An act for sale of the settled estate of the honourable George Hobart, in the county of Leicester; and for favefting the monies to arise from such sale, in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the like uses.

55. An act for establishing and confirming an exchange of divers lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Dovebridge, in the county of Derby, for other lands and hereditaments, in the same parish, pursuant to an agreement between John clerk,

master of arts, vicar of the vicarage and parish church of Dove-bridge, within the diocese of Litchfield and Coventry, and Sir Henry Cavendish Baronet, by and with the consent of the patron of the said vicarage, and the ordinary of the diocese.

A TABLEof the STATUTES.

56. An act for impowering the guardians named in the will of William Throckmorton Bromley Esquire, deceased, to make sale of

timber growing upon part of his settled estates; and for inverting the money thereby arising in the purchase of lands for the benefit of his infant children.

57. An act for establishing, ratifying, and confirming, all sales, partitions, and divisions, made, or to be made, by virtue of the powers or authorities contained in the several marriage fetdements of Sir Walter Blount Baronet, and the honourable dame Mary his wife, and of the honourable Thomas Clifford the elder, and the honourable Barbara his wife, and for other purposes.

58. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the eleventh

year of the reign of his majesty King George the first, intituled An act for vesting in trustees several, and hereditaments, in the counties of York and Derby, the maintenance of the poor persons in the hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, long

fate deceased, situate at Sheffield, the county of York; and for enlarging the buildings of the said and adding more poor

persons to those already established therein; and for enlarging the powers contained in the said act, and for other purposes.

59. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, meadows, pasture leys, and stinted common pastures, in the town-ship and parish of Matton, in the county of

60. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

I fields, at Little Stretton, in the parish of and county of

Leicester.

61. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and commonable lands and grounds, within the liberties of Stoke Goldingtoin the county of

62. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Souldrop, in the county of 1

63. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pasture, and all other open, common, and waste lands, in the parish of Normanton upon, in the county of Not-

tingham.

64. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Saint in the county of

tingdon.

65. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and

other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor and parish of Abington Pigotts, 'otherwise in the in the

county of Cambridge.

66. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, and the Midsummer and Lammas and other commonable meadows, pastures, and grounds, and the common or waste ground called Aulcester Heath, within the manor of Aul-

cester, in the county of Warwick.

67. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and waste grounds, within the town

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ships of West borough and Doddington, in the parish of Wejiborough

cum Doddington, in the county of

68. An act so» dividing and inclosing certain open fields, lands, and commons, within the township and parish of Useburn9 in the west riding of the county of York.

69. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, downs^ commons, and other commonable lands, in the parish of, in the county of

70. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, downs, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the parish of Not grove, in the county of Gloucester.

71. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds. Within the township of East, in the

parish of Aldborough, in Holderness^ in the county of York.

72. An act for dividing certain commons, or wastes, in the parish of Saint Mary Newington, commonly called Newington

Butts, in the county of Surrey, and disposing of the fame for the benefit of the poor of the said parish.

73. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields and commonable places, in the parish of, in the county of Leicester.

74. An act for vesting the settled estates of John Earl of Clan-

ruarde, in the kingdom of Ireland, in trustees, discharged of the

uses and tfufts of his marriage articles, and a voluntary settlement made by him; and for refettling the same to the several uses, and upon the trusts, therein mentioned.

75. An act for vesting a me fib age in Pall, and the pictures and furniture thereunto belonging, in George Earl of 0r-

ferd, discharged from certain trusts created thereof; and for settling freehold lands, in the county of, of greater value,

in lieu thereof, to the uses therein mentioned.

76. An act to enable the surviving executor named in the will

of William Lock Esquire, deceased, to lay out the residue of the

personal estate of the said William Lock9 or some part thereof, in the purchase of estates in Ireland, to be conveyed, settled, and assured, to the uses, upon the trusts, and for the intents and purposes, apd subject to the powers and provisoes, mentioned, declared, and contained, in and by the said will, instead of laying out the fame in the ppfehafe of estates in, as by the said will is directed.

77. An act for enabling Thomas Cartwright esquire to fell, in fee simple, part of the settled estates of the said Thomas -

VJright, to discharge incumbrances; and for settling the remainder of the said estates to the several uses therein mentioned.

78. An act for vesting the freehold estates, late of James

Nellhorpe esquire, deceased, in trustees, in order that the fame, pr a sufficient part thereof, may be fold, to raise money, to be applied to pay off the debts and incumbrances charged upon and affecting the same; and for laying out the surplus of the purchase-money upon the trusts, and for the purposes therein expressed.

A TABLE of1 the STATUTES,

79. An act for confirming a jointure made by John Martin esquire, under a power contained in the will of James Martin esquire, deceased, and rendering the fame power more effectual.

80. An act for sale of part of the settled estates late of Richard Champneys esquire, deceased* for payment of his debt? and legacies; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

81. An act for vesting certain manors and lands, in the county of Norfolk, part of the settled estates of Charlotte countess of

jfyiesford, and her issue, in Heneage earl of and hisr

heirs; and for settling other manbrs, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Warwick, the estates of the said earl, of greater and better value, to the like uses, in lieu thereof.

82. An act for vesting several messuages, or tenements, and hereditaments, situate and being in Stable Yard, in the parish of Greenwich, in the county of lately the estate of

‘Thomas Ebvey bricklayer, deceased, in trustees, to be sold to

the of, or governors, and directors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, for the use of the said hospital $ and for applying the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be conveyed to such uses as the said messuage or tenements do now ft and limited.

83. An act to enable Charles Anderson (now called Charles

Pelhamy) Charles Anderson the uncle, and Evelyn, en-

quires, to make jointures, upon their respective marriage^, out of the estates devised to them by the will of, late

of Brocklefly, in the county of Lincoln esquire, deceased.

84. An act for vesting the two undivided fourth parts of

Prifcilia Allet (the wife of John Allet esquire) and of William

James Warnery Samuel George Warnery Rebecca, and

Mary Jane Charlotte Warnery the only children of Alice Warner (the late wife of William Warner gentleman,) of and in the manors or reputed manors of Great Bourton and Little,

and divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the parishes of Great Bourton and LittleBourton9 in the county of,

in trustees, to sell and convey the same to William gentleman; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in three pounds per centum consolidated bank annuities, to be secured and transferred in manner therein mentioned.

85. An act to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a partition of divers manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the several counties of Somerset, Wilts % Worcester, Dorset, and

Middlesex, and in the city of London, late the estates of Thomas Prowse esquire, deceased, and which, upon the death of George

Prowse esquire, his only son, devolved upon, and veiled in, the two daughters and coheirefles of the said Thomas Prowse deceased 5 and for settling and alluring the manors, lands, and hereditaments, which, upon the said partition, have been allotted as the specific part or share of each of the said daughters, to the several uses therein limited.

---

86. An act for dividing and inclosing several common fields, meadow grounds, common pastures, and other uninclosed grounds, within the township or territories of Upper Dunsforth and Branton, in the county of York.

87. An act for inclosing several open and common fields, and commonable lands, in the manor and parish of Welton, in the county of Lincoln.

88. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadows, grounds, commons, pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor of Comberford and Wiggington, or prebends of Wiggington and Coton, in the county of Stafford.

89. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, a cow pasture, and other commonable lands, within the parishes of Great Carlton and Castle Carlton, in the county of Lincoln.

90. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and grounds, within the township of Great Cowden, in the several parishes of Mapleton and Aldbrough, in Holderness, in the east riding of the county of York.

91. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Mattersey, in the county of Nottingham.

92. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, common pastures, and open lands and grounds, within the township of Easington, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the county of York.

93. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in East Hesterton, in the parish of West Hesterton, in the East Riding of the county of York.

94. An act for dividing and inclosing such of the open parts of the district called the forest of Knaresborough, in the county of Yorks as lie within the eleven constableries thereof; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

95. An act to enable the right honourable James Grenville, the right honourable Robert Craggs lord viscount Clare, and the right honourable Welbore Ellis, to take, in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treasurer, and receiver general, and pay-master general, of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

96. An act to enable the right honourable Robert lord viscount Clare, the right honourable Welbore Ellis, and the right honourable George lord Edgecumbe, to take, in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treasurer, and receiver general, and paymaster general, of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

FINIS.

THE

STATUTES at Large.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. Regis.

Being the THIRD Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq;

Vol. XXVIII. Part III.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

---

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Mag* me Britannice, Francis & Hiberni<e % decimo.

AT the parliament begun and belden at Westminster, the tenth day of May, Anno Dorn, 1768, in the eighth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the ninth day of January, 1770; being the third session of the thirteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for continuing an act made in the left fejftan of parliament, to prohibit, for a further time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour.

WHEREAS an act was made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to prohibit, for a further time, the exportation of com, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits, from wheat and wheat flour, which is thereby enacted to continue until the twentieth day after the commencement of the next session of parliament; and whereas it is expedient that the same should be continued for a further time; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual atjd temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall remain, and be in full force and effect, and is hereby continued, until the twentieth day after the commencement of the Kept session of parliament.

Va

[Preamble.]

Act9Ceo.111. further continued till the 10th day after the commencement of next fe&ofc

28*

Continuation may be abridged by parliament*

[Preamble.]

£ Geo. III.

U 5 Geo. III.

Act 8 Geo. III. further continued to x March, 1771.

Continuation may be abridged by parliament.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 2, 3. [1769.

II. Provided nevertheless, That the said continuation may be abridged or shorten'ed, and this act, or any part thereof, may be altered and varied by any other act or acts to b? made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. II.

An act to continue for a further time an act made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign* intituled An act to continue and amend an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for Importation of salted beef* pork* bacon* and butter* from Ireland, /ir a limited time* and for allowing the importation of salted beef*pork* bacon, and butter* from the British dominions in America, for a limited time,

WHEREAS an act was made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for importation of salted beef* pork, bacon* and butter* from Ireland, for a limited time: And whereas an act was made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, to continue and amend the said first-mentioned act '* and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America* for a limited time: And whereas an act was made in the last session of parliament to continue the said last mentioned act: And whereas it is expedient that the importation of alftbe said goods and commodities should be admitted for a longer time than is allowed by the said act, made in theveighth year of his present Majesty's reign: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act I made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled,

An act to continue and amend an act made in the fifth year of the reign I

of his present Majesty* intituled An act for importation of salted ' beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland* for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America* for a limited time, shall continue and be in full force and effect, until the first day of March* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

II. Provided nevertheless, That the said continuation may be abridged or shortened, and this act, or any p?rt thereof, may be altered and varied, by any other act or acts to be made in this present section of parliament.

CAP. III.

An act for puniftring mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 4;

*8$

CAP. IV.

An act for indemnifying all persons, with respeCi to adviftiig or carrying into execution his Majesty's orders of council made for preventing the spreading of a contagious distemper amongst the horned cattle, and for rendering the same valid and effectual*, and for preventing suits in consequfnce thereof \ apd to authorize the continuing, extending, and executing the same, for a further time.

WHEREAS, upon divers informations received, shewing, that Preamble;

an infectious distemper had broke out, and continued to rage amongst the horned cattle in certain parishes in the county of Southampton, and that several of them had died thereof j and further, that the parishes in which the said distemper raged were very extenjrue,

and contained many herds of horned cattle, same of which were dispers-ed at considerable difiances from others; and further, that certain horned cattle had been driven from places where the said infectious distemper had broken out, andjlill raged, towards London and other parts of the kingdom, his Majesty, taking the same intb confederation, and judging it to be a matter of the Utmofe importance to prevent, if.possible, the spreading of the said distemper, was pleased, by divers orders in council, bearing date, respectivety the seventh, the fourteenth, and the twentysecond days of December last to direct the lord lieutenants andjufeices of the peace for the several counties therein mentioned\*

/ upon the first appearance of the said distemper amongst the horned cattle in each of the said counties respectively, forthwith to carry into execution the directions and regulations prescribed by his Majesty's said orders in council j whereby it was ordered, {amongst other things) that they should prevent the removing any horned cattle from infected places; and that they should cause such cattle in places where the infection had spread, and also cattle coming from infected places, to be kilied, and their carcasses and hides buried, and treated in all respects in the manner prescribed by an order of his late Majesty in council, bearing date the twentysecond day of March in the year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, first rendering to the owner or owners of such cattle, m

*what, in their judgement, should be the full and fair value of them*, and his Majesty was thereby furtherpleased to order, that the lords of of the treasury should issue such sums, from time to time, as might be necessary to defray all charges and expences occasioned by the said several orders, which said orders, for the intents and pur-pojes aforesaid, and the carrying the same into execution, could not be.jufiified according to the firid forms of law, and yet were necessary, and so much for the service of the public, and their preservation against so great anadangerous a calamity, that they ought to be jufiified by act of parliament $ and all persons advising, acting under, or in obedience to, the same, indemnified: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all personal adlioas and suits, indictments, informations,nd all profecu* pr0J£cufonf,

U j tiens

2&4

by reilbn bf any a ft done in pursuance of the recited orders of council, or contrail not performed,

aredischarged;

and tke defendant may plead the general issue.

[Double costs.]

His Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, rm powered to continue the said orders in council, and to extend the same to such counties and places as he shall judge expedient, #;

[General issue.]

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 4; [1769.

tiens and proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for or by rea-fonof any act, matter, or thing, advised, commanded, appointed or done, in relation to the premises, or of any contract or agreement not performed by means of, or in obedience to, such order or orders of council, be, are, and shall be, discharged and i made void by virtue of this act; and that if any action or suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons ! for any such act, matter, or thing, so advised, commdhded, appointed, or done* or such contract or agreement not performed, I he, she, or they, may plead the general issue, and give this act I and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plain- tiffs in any action or suit so to be commenced or prosecuted, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict pass, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their, double costs, and shall have the like remedy for the same, as in cases where costs by law are given to defendants.

II. And for the better preventing the spreading of the said infectious distemper, and putting a flop to the same, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs, and successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, from time to time, to continue all or any of the said orders made for that purpose by his Majesty in council, bearing date the seventh, and fourteenth* and twenty second days of December last, and to extend the same to all such counties and places in Great Britain, and all other his Majesty's dominions thereunto belonging, or any part or parts thereof, as his Majesty in his great wisdom shall judge most expedient and effectual to prevent the spreading such infectious distemper; and all the powers and authorities, rules, orders, and regulations therein contained and inserted, shall be in force, and the same shall be duly executed and obeyed by all his Majesty's subjects respectively, and are hereby established, and enacted and declared to be as good and valid in the law, tq all intents and purposes, during such time as the same shall be continued by this act, as if the same were herein repeated and expressly enacted; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: and if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants, in every such action, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by authority of this act, or of some rule, order, or regulation, made in pursuance of this act as aforesaid; and if it appear so to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and if* the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; and if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defend-

3«

1769.] Anno dfcdrhG GEORGII IIt. C. £ — 8.' 28£

ant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have Treble costs. the like remedy for the same, as the defendant or defendants, hdth or have in other cases by law.

III. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The powers the said powers, authorities, rules, orders, and regulations, here- c. hereby'by confirmed and eRablished, shall continue and be in force un- confirmed, to til the first day of November*in the year one thousand seven hurt- continue m dred and seventy, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament., f, 77°

IV. Provided nevertheless, That the said toptinuation of the un^s rcpcaj. said powers, authorities, rules, orders, and regulations, or any ecf or altered of them, may be repealed, abridged* or shortened; and also that by parliament, the same, or any of them, may be enlarged, altered, and varied*

by any other act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

Cap. v.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certaiti duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

CAP. VI.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised id Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy. at three shillings in the pound.

CAP. VII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore;

a

CAP. VIII.

An act to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the Je+ yintbycar of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to discontinue* for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow* hogs-lard, and grease.

WHEREAS an act of parliament passed in the seventh year of Preamble.

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to discon- Act 7 Geo. UTf tinu£, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs-lard and grease, which was to continue in force which was to for three years, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand continue in seven hundred and sixty-seven, is near expiring: and whereas the al- years*

lowing the importation of tallow, hogs-lard, and grease^ for a further 7

time, may be of great advantage to both kingdoms: may it therefore pleofe your Majesty that it may be enacted$ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said act, and all and every the clauses, provisions, pe- father cantk naities, forfeitures, allowances, matters, and things therein con- nued till tained, shall be continued from the expiration thereof, until Marop 177$. the twenty-^fth day of March, one thousand seven hundred artd seventy-three, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the same were inserted and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

86

Freimble,

So much of the alts of $&io Geo III, as prohibits the exportation of malt, repealed.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 9 — -14. [1769.

CAP. IX.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day ot March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

CAP. X.

An act to permit the exportation of malt.

WHEREAS an act was made in this present session of parliament, for continuing an act made in the loft session of parliamenu to prohibit, for a further time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, andstarch, and also the extra ftion of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour, whereby the said act was continued until the twentieth day after the commencement of the next fejpon of parliament; with a proviso, that the said continuation might be abridged, Jbortened, altered, or varied, by any other act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament: and whereas it is expedient, at this time, to permit the exportation of malt; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, so much of the said acts, or either of them, as prohibits the exportation of malt, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XI.

An act for raising a certain fom of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

CAP. XII.

An act to enable the commissioners for executing the office of treasurer of his Majesty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound, with William HiU and John Dyer, a debt due to the crown* from William Bye, for which they are sureties.

[Preamble.]

Exchequer impowered to compound with William Hill and John

Ser, Sec. a debt due to his Majesty; on payment of which composition, fir obligations to be discharged i but the bonds, as to William Pje and William Mills, not hereby vacated.

CAP. XIII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to grant the inheritance in fee limple of the manor of Coflam, in the county of Wilts, with the rights, member*? and appurtenances thereof, now held, under a demise by letters patent under the seal of his Majesty's court of exchequer, in trust for Paul Methuen, Esquire, unto the said Paul Methuen, and his heiis, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the same.

[Preamble.]

The King impowered to grant, by letters patent, to Paul Methuen, upon an adequate consideration, the manor of Cosham, &c. Rents to be paid half-yearly into the exchequer, and carried into the sinking fund.

Manner of collecting the quit-rents, &e. not altered. The grant to be -.deemed good in law, notwithstanding ad i Ann*', and reierved rents, Me. to cease. Reservation of rights.

CAP. XIV.

An act for paring, lighting, and watching the town of Plymouth, in the county of Devon % and for regulating the carmen and porters within the said town*

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 15, 1 6l 187

CAP. XV.

/fo act to continue an act made in the last session of par Ufa rnent, intituled An act for amending and further continuing an act of the forth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend and render more efffec-'tual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled, an act for punifoing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the ninth pear of his present ftwunble.

Majesty's reign, intituled An act for amending and rar- A&9 GmIIT, ther continuing an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty's 'reign, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual, in bts Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed inthirpresentfession of parliament, intituled An act for punifoing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; which alt was to continue and be in forte, in all his Majestfs dominions in force rill x+ America, from the twenty-fourth day of March one thousand seven March771, 'hundred and seventy* until the twenty-fourth day fl/'March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one: and whereas it has been found necessary that the said act should be continued for a further term: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted > and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be, and the tame is here- farther conti-by continued, until the twenty-fourth day of March one thou- till+ sand seven hundred and seventy-two. Martbin*.

CAP. XVI.

An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections* or returns of members to serve in parliament.

WHERE) AS the present mode of decifitn upon petitions, com-

[Preamble.]

plaining of undue elections or returns of members to serve in parliament, frequently obflrulis publici businessi occasions much expence, trouble, and delay to the parties} is defehive, for want of those fanliions and foleanities which are established by law its other trials; and is attended with many other inconveniences; for remedy thereof,

be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and complaint of* commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au- undue elec-thority of the same, That after the end of the present section of tien, &c.» parliament, whenever a petition, complaining of an undue elec- pr^f£t, l5r tien or return of a member or members to serve in parliament, Snfiderinr0* shall be presented to the house of commons, a day and hour thereof, foall by the said house be appointed for taking the same into Speaker to confederation; and notice thereof in writing shall be forthwith give notice given, by the speaker, to the petitioners and the fitting mem- th?eo^/lfn, v

hers,

order attend? ancv

288

'Anno undecimo Georgii III. C.rff.

[1769.

seers, or their respective agents, accompanied with an order to them to attend the house, at the time appointed, by themselves, their oodnfel, or agents, bat not within H. 'Provided always, That no such petition shall be taken into

oonfideratisD within fourteen days after the appointment of the Jt committee committee of privilege*.

of privilege*.

III. Provided also, That the house may alter the day and hour

House may al- so appointed for taking such petition into considerationj and ap-

*eJ ft*'"*. point some subsequent day and hour for the same, as occasion on like notice 5, .1^P A...

and order. shall require; giving to the respective parties the like notice of such alteration, and order to attend on the said subsequent day and hcmr, as aforesaid.

Serjeant at

IV. And be it further enacted.That at the time appointed for arm*, before taking foeh petition into confidedtion, and previous to the readme onlCTof iRS M* ordor of the day for that purpose, the (eijeant at arms the day9to re- shall be directed to go with the maoe to the places adjacent, and quire the at- require the immediate attendance of the members on the bufi-tendance^of ness of the house; and that after his rettorn the house shall bd At Ws return, counted, and if there be less than one hundred members pre-hpufe to be9sent, the order for taking such petition into consideration shall counted. be immediately adjourned to a particular hour on the following For want of day [Sunday and Christmas day always excepted ;,) and the house t^dsown, "' Audi then adjourn to the said day; and the proceedings of all*committees, subsequent to such notice from the said serjeant* shall be void: and, on the said following day, the house shall tin too be pre- proceed in the same manner; and so, from day to day, till there sent. be an attendance of one hundred members at the reading the order of the day, to take such petition into consideration.

la orefence of* lt art*icr ew&ed* That if after summoning the

SOo, 1 members, and counting the house as aforesaid, one hundred the petition- members shall be found to be present; the petitioners by them-ers, &c. to be selyes, their CQunfel, or agents, and the counsel or agents of the ordered to the filing members, shall be ordered to attend at the bar; and then the door of the house shall be locked, and no member shall be suffered to enter into or depart from the hpuse, until the petitioners, their counsel, or agents, and the counsel or agents for the fitting members, shall be directed to withdraw as herein after is mentioned: and when the door shall be locked as aforesaid, the order of the day shall be read, and the names of all the members of the house, written or printed on distinct pieces of parchment or paper, being all as near as may be of equal to be put into an^ rolled up in the same manner, shall be put in equal numbers into fix boxes or glasses, to be placed on the table for that purpose, and shall there be shaken together; and then the clerk or clerk assistant attending the house shall publickly draw out of the said fix boxes or glasses alternately the said pieces of parchment or paper, 'and deliver the same to the speaker, to be by him read to the house; and so shall continue to do, until forty-nine names of the members then present be drawn,

VI. Provided always, That if the name of any member who shall lucre given his vote at the election so complained of as

aforesaid.

Names of the members

fix boxes or glafies,

to be drawn alternately, and read by the speaker, till 49 be drawn. Voting members at the de&km.

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 1 & 289

aforesaid, or who shall be a petitioner complaining of an undue or complain-election or return, or against whose return a petition shall be then anti' depending, or whose return shall not have been brought ip fourteen days, shall be drawn; his name shall be set aside, With the befetaude* -names of those who are absent from the house*

VII. Provided also, That if the name of any member of sixty All above 60 years of age or upwards be drawn, he shall be excused from serv^ye^ old ex-ing on the select committee, to be appointed as herein after is cufed» mentioned, if he require it, and verify the cause of such requisition upon oath.

VIII. Provided also, That if the name of any member who has or those who served in such select committee during the same session be drawn,

he shall, if he requires it, be excused from serving again in any tee in the same such fele& committee, unlefe the house shall, before the day ap- session, pointed for taking the said petition into consideration, have rer solved, thqt the number of members who have not served on unless the such select committee, in the same session, is inefficient to fulfil number who the purposes of this act, respecting the choice of such select com- ve^beinfuf-mittee. ficient.

IX. Provided always, That no member who, after having been Members ex-appointed to serve in any such select committee, shall, on ac- cused, shall not count of inability or accident, have bein excused from attending be deemed to the same throughout, shall be deemed to have served on any have served. such select committee.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any other member shall Members ve-offer agpi verify upon oath any other excuse, the substance

the allegations so verified upon oath shall be taken down by the gations'to be said clerk, in order that the same may be afterwards entered on entered 5 the journals, and the opinion of the house shall be taken thereon; and if the house shall resolve, that the said member is un- amj, if the able to serve, or cannot without great and manifest detriment house resolve serve in such select committee, he also shall be excused fromthat they are such service. unable, &c.

XI. And be it further enacted, That instead of the members cufed« C so set aside and excused, the names of other members shall be; nstead of drawn; who may, in like manner, be set aside or excused, and whom, others others drawn to supply their places, until the whole number oftobedrawnto forty-nine members, not liable to be so set aside or excused, shall comPj*te tho be complete; and the petitioners or their agents shall then name r* ohe, and the fitting members, or their agents, another, from a- Petitioners tnong the members then present, whose names shall not have may name been drawn, to be added to those who shall have been so chosen °.nc»and fit*

by lot. bers sumther,

XII. Provided always, That either of the members so nomi- who for' nated shall or may be set aside, for any of the same causes as those like causes be chosen by lot; or shall, if he requires it, be excused from serving set aside,

on the said (elect committee; and the party who nominated the member so set aside, or excused, shall nominate another in his or excused 5 Head, and so continue to do as often as the case shall happen, and othera until his nominee is admitted. named.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That as (bon as the said for-

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 16. [i ftp.

ty nine members shall have been so chosen by lot, and the two cm^ers°* thereunto shall have been so nominated as proceed o? y aforesaid, the door of the house shall be opened, and the house other bufisds. may proceed upon any other business; and lifts of the forty-lasts of the 49 nine members so chosen by lot shall then be given to the peti-en to the tioners, their counsel or agents, and the counsel or agents for the petitioners, fitting members, who shall immediately withdraw, together with. Sec. 9the clerk appointed to attend the said feled committee; and the who, with the said petitioners and fitting members, their counsel or agents, be-whfadnnrl° 8*on*nS on t*le Part of the petitioners, shall alternately strike off and to strike one °* t^e forty-nine members, until the said number shall off one, alter- be reduced to thirteen; and the said clerk* within one hour at natdy, till the farthoft from the time of the parties withdrawing from the house dncedjtbCrC' shall deliver in to the house the names of the thirteen members clerk vtithm t^len t«naining; and the said thirteen members, together with one hour, to the two members nominated as aforesaid, shall be sworn at the deliver a list table, well and truly to try the matter of the petition referred to °*dthm5 w*th t^em» an<* a true judgement to give according jo the evidence; the nominees, anc* ^a^ a ^led committee to try and determine the merits of shall be sworn the return or election appointed by the house to be that day taken a select com* into consideration; and the house shall order the said feled com-snittee. mittee to meet at a certain time to be fixed by the house, which house to order t*106 shall be within twenty-four hours of the appointment of them to mert the said feled committee, unless a Sunday or Christmas day shall in*4.hours, intervene; and the place of their meeting and fitting shall be some convenient room or place adjacent to the housegof commons or court of requests, properly prepared for that purpose.

On withdraw-

XIV. Provided always, That on the parties withdrawing as a-ing, the mem- foresaid, the house shall continue fitting; and the said fifty-one part tiU meet- members, so chosen and nominated, shall not depart the house, ing of com- till the time for the meeting of the said feled committee shall be mitteebefixed. fixed.

Petitioner, X V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon Mmemberat drawing out the name of any member bylot as aforesaid, drawn^Tin- said petitioners or fitting members, or their agents, shall defended for a clare, that such member is intended to be one of the two nomi-

nominee, and member contenting thereto, he is to serve as such, and another to be drawn to supply his placej but, on neg-Jest of nomi* nation, deficiencies to be supplied by lot;

nees to be nominated by them respectively, and if such member shall consent to such nomination, the name of such member so drawn by lot shall be set aside, and, unless objected to as aforesaid, be shall serve as such nominee, and the name of another member shall be drawn to supply his place, to complete the number of forty-nine members to be drawn by lot; and if the said petitioners or fitting members, or their agents, shall not respectively nominate a member then present, who shall be admitted according to the directions of this act, then the want of such nomination shall be supplied, by drawing out, instead thereof, the name, of one or two members, as the case shall require; who shall be drawn, by lot in the like manner, and subject to the like ob-jedions and excuse$, as the other forty-nine members alreadydrawn by lot, and shall be added to the lifts of the said forty-nine members, and shall be liable to be (truck off in the same manner; leav-4

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 16. 291

ing always the number of fifteen members in the whole, and no leaving always more, as a select committee for the purposes aforesaid. 15 as a select

XVI.'And) for the greater dispatch and certainty in the proceed- committee. ing herein before described; be it further enacted, That the names Previous to of all the members so written and rolled up as herein before di- taking peti-redied, fba]l, previous to the day appointed for taking any such*?11 con-petition into consideration, be prepared by the said clerk or^" on* clerk assistant, and by him put into a box or parcel in the presence of the speaker, together with an attestation, signed by the the members said clerk or clerk assistant, purporting, that the names of all drawn into a the members were by him put therein the box or pareel,

day of in the year

which said box or parcel the speaker shall seal with his own seal;

and to the outflde thereof shall annex an attestation signed

himself, purporting, that the said box'or parcel was on the arteftthemak-

day of ing up thereof

In the year'made up in his presence, in inhisprefence.

the manner directed by this act; and that as soon as the parties shall be withdrawn as aforesaid, and before the house shall cn- Nagies of ter on any other business, any member may require, that theember8* names of all the members, which'remain undrawn, shall drawn and read aloud by the said clerk or clerk assistant. clerk.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said select com* chairman to*mittee shall, on their meeting, eleCfc a chairman from among such be elected out of the members thereof as have been chosen by Jot; and if, in of the election of a chairman, there be an equal number of voices, jj case of the member whose name was first drawn in the house shall have equality in - a carting voice; so likewise, in case there should ever be occasion election, for electing a new chairman, on the death or necessary absence member first of the chairman first defied.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said felefi corn-

drawn to have a calling voice.

Select committee shall have power to fend for persons, papers and records; mittee jm-hod riiall examine all the witnesses who come before them upon powered to'oath; and shall try the merits of the return, or elefiion, or both; fend for per-and shall determine, by a majority of voices of the said felefi fons> .&c-.Committee, whether the petitioners or the fitting members, or n*fl{£*nc W1*pither of them, be duly returned or defied, or whether the elec- and determine tien be void; whidh determination shall be final between the finally, parties to all intents and purposes: and the house, on bring in- House there- formed thereof by the chairman of the said felefi committee, shall upon to con-order the same to be entered in their journals, and give the ne- firm, or after, ceflary directions fdr confirming or altering the return, or for the.'et°rl15. the iffiiing a new writ for a new election, or for carrying the said for new elec-determidation into execution, as the case may require.tien.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said select com- Select committee shall fit every day (Sunday and Ch'rijhnds day only except- mittee not to ed) and shall never adjourn for a longer time than twenty-rtjur^"^r hours, unless a Sunday or Christmas day intervene, without leave h^without, first obtained from the house, upon motion, and special cause leave/ ^fsigned for a longer adjournment; hnd in, case the house shall ft house theft be fitting at the time to which the fw) fcject committee is ad-

' journey fayed.

392 Aiuiodedmo Georgii III. c. 16. [1769.

nd m°d°n joumed, then the bufinefe of the house shall be flayed, and a. ther adbnrn- mo^on shall be made for a further adjournment, for any time, meat.*to be fixed by the house, not exceeding twenty four hours, unless a Sunday or Christmas day intervene.

Sunday or

XX. And be it further enacted, That where the time prescrib-Christmai day ed by this act for the meeting, fitting, or adjournment of the intervening said'select committee, shall, by the intervention of a Sunday or 3eemedin» Christmas day, exceed twenty four hours, such meeting, fitting, eluded. or adjournment, shall be within twenty four hours from the time of appointing or fixing the same, exclusive of such Sunday or Christmas day.

SeleftcoB>»

XXI. And be it farther enacted, That no member of the iwt to absent select committee shall be allowed to absent himself from the without leave, same, without leave obtained from the house, or an excuse allowed nor commit- by the house at the next fitting thereof, on (pedal cause shewnvf t0hfit, htl11 an<* ver*e^ upon oath; and the said select committee shall never not leave,be fit, until all the members to whom such leave has not been met.*granted, nor excuse allowed, are met; and in case they shall not On failure of all meet within one hour after the time to which the said select

meeting with- committee shall have been adjourned, a farther adjournment afarther^- be made in the manner as before directed, and reported, iournment to with the cause thereof, to the house.

made, and reported with the cause thereof.

Chairman, at

XXII. And be it farther enacted, That the chairman of the itext meeting, said select committee shall, at the next meeting of the house, al-k" ways report the name of every member thereof who shall have whoam to be been absent therefrom without such leave dr excuse as aforesaid; directed tot- and such member shall be directed to attend the house at the tefid next fit- pext fitting thereof, and shall then be ordered to be taken into 1, the custody of the serjeant at arms attending the house, for such

*rn^eft of his duty, and otherwise punished or censured at the discretion, discretion of the house; unless it shall appear to the house, by facts unless absence specially dated and verified upon oath, that such member was, voidablUna"^a accident, or by ppcefiity, prevented from attending

the said feletSk committee.

If 13 do not

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if more than two attend, com- members of the said select committee shall on any account be mittee to ad- absent therefrom, the said select committee shall adjourn in the journ; manner herein before ditedted; and (b, from time to time, until thirteen members are aflpmbled. jf less for 3

XXIV. And be it farther enacted, That in case the number

day*» of members able to attend the said select committee shall, by

death or other wise, be unavoidably reduced to lese than thirteen, then to be dif- and shall so continue for the space of three fitting days, the said solved and an fe]cft committee shall be difiolved, and another chosen to try and aiufpaft pro"- determine the matter of such petition in manner aforesaid; and ceedings to all the proceedings of the said former select committee shall be be void. void and of no effect.

Resolutioni of

XXV. And be it farther enacted, That if the said select com-othehan m*t, ee shall come to any resolution other than the determination determination above mentioned, they shall, if they think proper, report the of pomplains, (|?n?

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. C.i6>

same to the house for their opinion, at the same time that the may be rechairman of the said select committee shall inform the house of such determination; and the house may confirm or disagree maymtke°ort with such refolutian, and make such orders thereon, a* to them der thereon.* shall seem proper.

XXVI. Provided always, That if any person summoned by Persons difo-the said select committee, shall disobey such summons; or if any beying >m-witness before such select committee shaft prevaricate, or shall 'J*

otherwise misbehave in giving* or refusing to give evidence; the chairman of the said select committee, by their direction, to be reported may at any time, during the course of their proceedings, report by the chair-the same to the house, for the interposition of their authority or man* censure, as the case shall require.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said when com- select'committee shall think it necefi&ry to deliberate amongst mittee chuse themselves, upon any question which shall arise in the course ofj> deliberate, the trial, or upon the determination thereof, or upon any refolu-tien concerning the matter of the petition referred to them as aforesaid; as soon as the said select committee shall have heard the evidence and counsel on both, fides relative thereunto, the room or place wherein they shall fit shall be cleared, if they shall think proper, while the members of the said select committee Oli^on* to confides thereof} and all such questions, as well as such determination and all other resolutions, shall be by a majority of chairman to-voices; and if the voices shall he equal, the chairman mall havecatting have a castine voice. vote'

XXVIII. Provided always, That no such. determination as Nodetermina*

aforesaid shall be made, nor any quefiion be proposed', unlession> u", ej* 'J thirteen members shall, be present; and no member shall have a norPaoyemem-vote on such determination, or any other question or resolution* ber to vote, who has not attended during every fitting of the said select com* who bat not mittee. attended every

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the oaths by this ke*act directed to be taken in the house, shall be administered' by tbg house, to the said clerk or clerk assistant, in the same manner as the oaths be administer-of allegiance and supremacy are administered in the house of ed by the commons; and that the oaths by this act directed tq be taken cle^k».. before the said select committee, shall be administered by the clerk f£e.thefel«ft attending the said select committee; and that all person who committee, by shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury in any evidence which the clerk, they shall give before the house, or the said select committee, p*n.alties ott, in consequence of the oath which they shall have taken by the (encie^there-direction of this act, shall, on conviction thereof, incur and ftrf- to '

fer the like pains and penalties to which any other person, com* victed of wilful and corrupt perjury, is liable by the laws and.Statutes of this realm.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue Act to eon-in force seven years, and till the end of the session of parliament tinue for j pext after the expiration of the said seven years, and no longer. 7ean*

9 A?t

294 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 17. \.l7^9'

Cap. xvii.

An act to repeal so much of an act made in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting certain duties in the British colonies and plantations in America j for allowing a drawback of the dudes of customs upon the exportation, from this kingdom, of*coffee and cocoa nuts of the produce of the said colonies

or plantations, for discontinuing the drawbacks payable on china earthen ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine running of goods in the said colonies and plantations, as relates to the duties upon glass, red-lead, white-lead, painters colours, paper,

pase-beards, mill-boards, and seale-boards, of the produce'i or manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of his Majesty's colonies in America, and also to the discontinuing the drawbacks payable on china earthen-ware, exported to America; and for, regulating the exportation thereof.

preamble, re- WHEREAS in and by an act pafjei in the seventh year of citing his Majesty's reign, ' intituled An act for granting certain

Act 7 Geo. j. duties in the British colonies and plantations in America; for allowing a drawback of the duties of customs upon the exporta- 1 tien, from this kingdom, of coffee and cocoa nuts of the produce of the said colonies or plantations; for discontinuing the drawbacks payable on china earthen-ware imported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine running of goods in the said colonies and plantations, it was, amongst other things enacted, That there should be raisid, levied, coliested, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, certain duties upon glass, red-lead, whtte-lead, painters colours, and upon the several forts of paper therein mentioned} as also upon all paf e-board, milt-board and stale-board, which should be imported into any colony or plantation in America, under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs and successors: and whereas the said duties, in so far as they affect the produce and 'manufacture of Great Britain, da in their nature tend to the prejudice and discouragement thereof, and arc therefore contrary to the true principles of commerce: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that jt may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excSllent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. After Dec. t, That from and after the first day of December, one thousand seven77°> hundred and seventy, so much of the said before-receited act as

relates to the duties thereby granted upon the respective goods - herein before mentioned, such goods being of the produce and manufacture of Great Britain, shall, in respect of til such of the said goods as are of the produce and manufacture of Great Britain i

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c*i8. 295

/<, lie, and the lame is hereby repealed and made void, to all repealed, intents and purposes whatsoever.

II. And whereas, in and by the said before-receited act> it was also aa 7 Geo. a. further enabled, that no drawback shall be allowed for any china disallowing a* eartben+ware, fold after the faffing of that obi at the Jale of the united drawback os company of merchants of England trading to the East: Indies, which coma» shall be entered for exportation from Great Britain to any part of America: and whereas the allowing the said drawback, under certain rejlrittians, may encourage and secure the immediate trade of this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and af- repealed* ter the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, the said dause in the before-recited act of the seventh year of his Majesty's reign, discontinuing the said drawback payable upon china earthen-ware exported to America, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed and made void.

IU. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the From Dec. 1, authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of77°> no December, no drawback shall be paid or allowed for any china earthen-ware, exported or entered for exportation from this king- na exported, dom, to any place whatsoever, unless the same shall be packed un|e6 up in the presence of a proper officer or officers of the customs in the presence appointed for that purpose, in some warehouse belonging to the of a proper united company of merchants trading to the East Indies wherein officer of the the same shall have been lodged at importation, and shall becttftomt* sent to be exported directly from such warehouse, under the seal and care of such officer or officers of the customs; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for preventing the stealing of dogs.

WHEREAS the practice of stealing dogs hath of late years

[Preamble.]

greatly increa/ed: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of May* one thousand seven After 1 May, hundred and seventy, if any person shall steal any dog or dogs, 1770* person of any kind or fort whatsoever, from the owner or owners there- who shall steal, of, or from any person or persons intruded by the owner or owners thereof with such dog or dpgs; or shall fell, buy, receive, '/yi, buy, or harbour, detain, or keep, any dog or dogs of any kind or fort detain any whatsoever, knowing the same to have been stolen as aforesaid $ i every such person, upon being convicted thereof upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by his or her own confession, befofre any two or more justices of the peace for any ebunty, riding* division, or place, shall, for the first offence, for- for first offeit and pay such sum of money not exceeding thirty pounds, nor fence to forfeit less than twenty pounds, as to such justices shall seem meet, to- not left than gether with the charges previous to and attending such convic* ^aVreiof Vox. XXVIII. X tion, conviction.

gaoL

months, and publickly whipped.

296 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 18. [1769.

tien, to be ascertained by such justices before Whom such offender Til! penalty (hah be convicted: and in case such penalty shall not be forth-and charges with paid, such justices shall commit the offender to the comare paid, of mon gaol, or house of correction, there to remain without bail or wmmitted to ma*nPrize for any time not exceeding twelve calendar months, nor less than six calendar months, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid: and if any person having been convicted as aforesaid, shall afterwards be guilty of the like offence, and shall be Person guilty thereof convicted in like manner as aforesaid; every such person ofafubkquent shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay such sum of money, tofe^not lefsnot cxcced*nP fifty pounds, nor left than thirty pounds, as to than 30l. and justices shall seem meet, together with the charges previous chargesi to and attending such conviction, to be ascertained by such juf-trees before whom such offender or offenders shall be so convict-to be paid to cd: which said penalties, or any of them, when recovered, shall informer, and be pay^ onc moiety thereof to the informer, and the other poor- moiety to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be com-On non-pay- mitted; and, upon nonpayment thereof, such justices shall com- ^prisoned*!* rait t*ie °^cn^er to the common gaol or house of correction, months, and1 there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding eighteen months, nor less than twelve months, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid; and such justices shall also order the said offender to be publickly whipped, within three days after such commitment, in the town wherein such gaol or house of correction shall be, between the hours of twelve and one of the clock.

Justices to

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it grant war- shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty's

Pr do0fearCllJu^ces tilcPcacc m or ^or any county, riding, division, or stolen.8* place, upon information to him or them made for that purpose, to grant a warrant or warrants to search for any dog or dogs stolen as aforesaid, and so case any such dog or dogs, or the (kin or skins of such dog or dogs, shall upon Tueh search be found, to take and restore every such dog or dogs, or such (kin or skins, to Persons in the owner thereof j and the person or Dersons, in whose custody

whole custody or possession any such dog or dogs, (kin or skins, shall be so found, liable found (in case it shall appear that such person w^s privy to such penal- dog or dogs having been stolen as aforesaid, or that such (kin or skins was the (kin or skins of any dog or dogs stolen as aforesaid) shall respectively be subject and liable to the like penalties and puniftunents as persons convicted of dealing any dog or dogs are herein before made subject and liable to.

III. And, for the more easy and speedy conviction of offenders against this act, be it further enacted, That all justices of the peace, be-drawn up the fore whom any person or persons shall be convicted of any offollowing fence against this act, shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any other form* of words to the same effect, as the case shall happen j videlicet,

tie#

Justices may cause to be

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 19I>$7

BE it remembered, That on the ' fcorro of coa*

day of in the year of our Lord vision.

AB is convified before us of his Majtflfs justices of the peace for the county of

(specifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was Committed, as the case shall be)

Given under our hands and feah the day and year aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Persons ag. person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done grieved inajr in pursuance of this act, such person may appeal to the judices aPPeal to, of the peace at the next general quarter-session of the peace to ^cr'icI be held for the county or place wherein the cause of complaint shall arise, and within four days after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen; such appellant giving, or causing to be Fourteen days gi\en, fourteen days notice at lead, in writing, of his or her in- notice of ap-tention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the P?*to^persons whose acts are complained against, and, within two days glvcn*

after such notice, entering into a recognizance before some judice of the peace for such county or place, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the order of, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the judices at such quarter- session: and the said judices at such feuion, upon due proof Justices to of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into deter-such recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes nane* and matters- of such appeal in a summary way, and award such a#ar<* cods to the parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said judices shall think proper; and the determination of such Their deter-quarter-sessions (halLbe final, binding, and conclusive to all in- tP

tents and purposes; and no order made concerning any of the* a*matters aforesaid, or any other proceedings to be had touching the conviction or convictions of any offender against this act,

shall be qua (bed for want of form, or be removed by Certiorari, and not be re-or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's »oved by Cer? courts of record at Westminster. ttorars,

CAP. XIX.

An act for letter preservation of the game, within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS the game hath of late been much destroyed at Preamble, improper seasons, in that part of Great Britain called England: for remedying thereof, may it please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefer# parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That After June <4, from and after the twenty fourth day of June> one thousand 1770, persons'. Xz " 4 seven^F

9 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 19. [1769.

hai*e, fee. be- seven hundred and seventy, if any person or persons shall wiU fttdnAd uP°n any Pretence whatsoever, take, kill, or destroy any

iun-rSngi hare> pheasant, partridge, moor game, heath game, of grouse, in the night, between one hour after sun-setting, and one hour or using any before sun-rising; or use any gun, dog, snare, net, or other

foTdTftrofine?nSinc for takinS» kiUingi or destroying any hare, pheasant, game; 1 6 partridge, moor game, heath game, or grouse, in the night as

9 aforesaid, and shall be convicted thereof upon the oath or oaths* of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or tmorc justice or justices of the peace, for any county, riding, for iftoffence, division or place; every such person shall, for the first offence, to be impri- be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there than months.to reina*n> without ball or mainprize, for any time not exceed-3'ing six calendar months, nor less than three calendar months

For other of- and if any person, having been once convicted of such offence, fence, not left shall afterwards be guilty of the like- offence, and be thereof than^ months; convj&ej in manner aforesaid; every such person shall, for every such offence, be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding twelve calendar months, nor less than six calendar months; and shall also, within three days from the time of his commitment, either for the first or any other offence, be once publickly whi j*ped in the town where such gaol or house of correction shall be, between the hours of twelve and one of the clock in the day.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Stimd^safing from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand a gun or en- seven hundred and seventy, if any person or persons shall, upon

a Sunday, take, kill, or destroy, any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor game, heath game, or grouse: or shall upon a Sunday use any gun, dog, snare, net, or other engine for taking, killing, or destroying any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor game, heath on conviction, S3111* or grouse; every such person, being convicted (hereof to forfeit iol/ upon the oath or oaths or any one or more credible witness or witnesses, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for any county, riding* division, or place, shall forfeit and pay any furn not exceeding thirty pounds, nor less than twenty pounds, as to to be levied by such justice or justices shall seem. meet: and in case such penalty distress, with shall not be forthwith paid, such justice or justices shall by war-charges; rant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, cause «the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, together with all costs and charges attending such and be applied distress and sale; and the forfeitures, when paid or recovered as tq in former 'aforesaid, shall be applied, one moiety to the informer, and the and the poor, other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offence shall For want of ^ave ^con committed; and in case no sufficient distress can be had, such justice or justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than three calendar months.

III. And* for the more easy and speedy coHviflion of offenders

and for each to be publickly whipped.

Offenders on

tine for destroying game,

di it refs, offender to be committed.

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. ao. 299

against this act, be it further enacted, That all and every the jut may tice or justices of the pace, before whom any person or per- cause to be Ions shall be convicted of any offence against this act, shall and drawn up the may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following form following of words, or in any fond of words to the same effect, as the case shall happen; videlicet,

BE it remembered, That on the Form of con*

day of in the year of our Lari viaion-

A B is ttnviflea before me CD, one of his Majestfs justices of the peace for the county of

(specifying the offence, and time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be).

Given under, my band and seal the day and year aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Persons ag-person shall think himself or herself aggrieved, by any thing grieved may done in pursuance of this act, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace, at the next general quarter-session of the j}onj. peace, to be held for the county or place wherein the cause of complaint shall arise, and within four days after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen; such appellant giving, or causing giving 14. to be given, fourteen days notice at least, in writing of his or day* notice her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the person or persons whose acts are complained against $ and against. within two days after such notice, entering into recognizance before some justice of the peace for such county or place, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the order of, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by tht justices at such quarter-session; and the said justices at fuen fef- justices to (ion, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, hear, deter-and of the entering into such recognizance, shall hear and fi- mine, and nally determine the causes and matters of such appeal, in a sum- award roary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper $ and the determination of such quarter-session shall be final, bind- Determina-ing, and conclusive, to all intents and purposes; and no order tien to be made concerning any of the matters aforesaid, or any other proceedings to be had, touching the conviction or convidrions of any offender against this act, shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or process not to be whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at West- removed by minfltr. CmwrarU

CAP. XX.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the borough of King* ugnn, and the liberties thereof.

x3

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 21, — 29. [1769.

CAP. XXI.

An for the more easy and speedy recovery of final 1'debts, within the partfhes of Poolton, Kirkham, Lythaifi, and Bifpbam, and townships, of preefall and Stalmine, in the; county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. xxii.

An act for better supplying the city of Worcester, and the liberties thereof, with water; and for the better paving and lighting the said city 3 and for removing and preventing all obstructions and aimoy- ances therein.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for the more effectuslly paving, repairing, cleaning, and light- ing, the streets, squares, lanes, and other passages, and for regulating weights and measures, within the parish of Saint Mary, le Bone, in the county of Middlesex j and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for further continuing the duties granted and continued by (e-veral acts ra^de in the sixth and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the seventh year of the reign of Kipg. George the First, for repairing the harbouF and key of Watchett, in the county of Bomerfet.

CAP. XXV.

An act for the better paving, repairing, and clean sing, the streets, and other publick passages, in the several parishes and wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy'Khood, Saint Lawience, All Saints within the Bar, Ail Saints without the Bar, and East Street apd Bagrow, within the town of Southampton, and liberties thereof; and for preventing nusances and annoyances therein j and for widening and renT dering the same more commodious; and for the lighting; and watching the said streets and publick passages.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for further continuing the terras and powers, granted and continued by three acts passed in the twelfth, and thirteenth years of William the bird, the tenth of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh year of his late Majesty George the Secoftd, for recovering, securing, and keeping in repair, the harbour of Minehead, in the county of Somerset, and for the more effectual carrying the said acts into exe* cution; and also for the better securing the ancient dues payable tQ the lord or lady of the manor of Minehead for the time being.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to enlarge the powers of an act of the twenty-fourth year of hip late Majesty, for making the river Nar navigable, from the town and port of Kras's Lynn to Wettacre in the county of Norfolk, and for making the said act more effectual.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for rebuilding the common gaol of the county of Essex.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to explain, amend, and make snore effectual, an act passed in the fifth year of his Majesty* reigp, intituled An act for the more iej'y and speedy recovery of /mail debts nvitbin tie hundreds of Blackheath

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III.V c. 30. .301

of Bromley and Beckenham, of KoktJUy otbemmfe Ruxfey, and Little and Lejfntfjy in the county of Kewt\ and one other act passed in the sixth year of his Majesty's reign, for extending the provisions of the said act to,

'the hundred of Wafiington, in the county of Surrey*

CAP. XXX. an act for rebUfying a mistake in an act made in the loft session of parliament, intituled An a6fc for better fe-euring the duties of customs upon certain goods removed from the out ports and other places to London \ for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty's customs in the province of Senegambia inAfrica; for allowing to the receivers-general of the duties on of- x faces and employments in Scotland, a proper compensation for their trouble and expences; for the better preservation of hollies, thorns, and quicksets, in*rorests, chaces, and private grounds, and of trees and pnderwoods in forests and chaces, and for authorising the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley, called Bigg, from the port of Kirkwall in the islands of Orkney.

WHEREAS in an a# passed in the la/l session of parliament, p^..mku intituled An act for better securing the duties of cu- AqW stoms upon certain goods removed from the out ports and other places to London; for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty's customs in the province of Senegambia in Africa; for allowing to the receivers-general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland, a proper compensation for their trouble and expences; for the better preservation of hollies, ' thorns, and quicksets, in forests, chaces, and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods in forests and chaces; and for authorising the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior' fort of barley, called Bigg, from the port of Kirkwall in the jfiands of Orkney, an act made in the sixth year of his prefint Ma- and 6 Geo. j. jesty's reign, therein intended to be recited and extended, is, by ptifieke, intituled An act for the better preservation of roots,

shrubs, and plants, instead of being intituled An act for the better preservation of timber trees, and of woods and underwoods, and for the fgrther preservation of roots, Ihrubs, and plants: now, for Testifying the said mistake, be it enacted by the King's tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and ponfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, " ip this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act of the sixth year of his present Ma-confirmed and jesty's reign shall, notwithstanding such mistake in reciting the extended, title thereof, made in the said act of the last session of parliament, be taken, deemed, and adjudged nevertheless to be me^it thfrfby, and confirmed and extended accordingly, as

r I

302 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 31. [1769.

to all and every the several clauses, powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, matters and things in the raid acts or either of them contained, in the faine manner, to -all intents, constructions, and purposes whatsoever, as if the said mistake had never been made or happened, and the title of the said a St of the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, had at first been truly recited in the said act of the last session of parliament; any law or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An an far extending likeliberty^ in the exportation of rice from East and West Florida to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted* b former offs of parliament, to Carolina and Georgia.

OrWf WHEREAS the granting the like liberty, to export rice in the same manner from his Majestfs colonies of ILaft and West Florida to the southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted, by former aits of parliament, to the provinces ^Carolina and Georgia, may be of great benefit to the said colonies of East and West Florida; be it therefore enacted by the King's tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That After August ^rom aru* a^cr r^c ^ay duguft^ one thousand seven hull-1, 1770, dred and seventy, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects, in any ship or vessel built in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's colonies in America, or belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects, and navigated according to law, that shall clear outwards in any port of Great Britain for the province of East or West Florida, or in any pott thereof, to ship or load rice in such province, and to carry the same directly to any port southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, without carrying the same to any other of his Majesty's plantations in America, or to Great Britain; under the Kke entries, securities, restrictions, regulations, limitations, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, as are particularly described, appointed, limited, or enacted for that purpose, in and by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for granting liberty to carry rice, from his Ma- jtfly* province of Carolina in America directly to any part of Europe southward of Cape Finisterre, in ships built in and belonging so Great Britain, and navigated according Jo law, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

This act to

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 'That ifi this act shall continue and be in force until the twenty* ninth

day

Rice maybe exported from the Floridas to the southward of Cape Finifr terre, under like regulations as from Carolina,

by act j Geo. s.

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. fc. 32: 303

day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, tju and from thence to the end of the then next session of par-Sep.19, 1774. liament.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for defraying the expence of building the new office of excise in London, out of his Majesty's revenue of excise

WHEREAS by an act passed in the eighth year of his Ma- Preamble, jiffs reign, intituled An act for carrying into execution reciting act an agreement made between the mayor and commonalty and 8 Geo. 3. citizens of the city of London* and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of mercers of the said city, and Stamp Brookfbank esquire, secretanr to the Commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, for the purchase of Gresham College* and the ground and buildings-thereunto belonging, and for vetting the same unalienably in the crown, for the purpose of ereAing and building an excise office there, and for other purposes therein mentioned; it is, mongfi other things, enacted, that the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city London, and the wardens and commonalty of the Tnyftery ef mercers of the city of London, faall, within a time therein limited, pay or cause to oe paid unto the receiver-general of his Majesty % s duties of excise, the sum of one thousand eight hundred. pounds* for and towards the expence of pulling down the said college» and the building an excise office there 5 and that the receipt of fitch receiver-general Jba/l be a fsfficient discharge for the same: and whereas a considerable expence, over and above the said sum of one thousand eight hundred pounds* has already been incurred, and must necessarily be further incurred in erecting and building fash office for the managing and conducting the business of his Majesty's revenue cf ixcife5 and doubts have a* risen, whether the of of ms Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, are sufficiently authorized by law to direct money arising out of his Majesty's revenue of excise, and in the hands of the commissioners of excise, or of any officers belonging to them, to be applied for or towards payment of the said expenses: now, for settling fitch doubts, may it please your Majesty that it may pe enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirhua) and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and Treaf.maybe lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's treafory, p^Tto*" pr the high treasurer for the time being, and they are hereby direct the authorised by their warrant or warrants, from time to tkne, to of require and direS the Commissioners of his Majesty's revenue jfrXci{lto of excise for the time being to pay, or cause to be paid, out uf^nrc*yQfecx-the money in their hands, or in the hands of their officers, all building new such Turns as shall be so required, and directed by fadi warrant excise office \ pr warrants to be paid, on account of the charge and expence already incurred and to be incurred in creating and building jbe fcjid office of excise $ and the money so paid, in pursuance wMch

allowed them

o6 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 35. [1769.

CAP. XXXV.

An act to enable the governor, council, and offimbly of his Majestfs colony of New York, to pass on alt of assembhj for creating and issuing upon loan paper hills of credit to \ a certain amount; and to make the same a legal tender in

payments into the loan offices and treasury of the said colony.

Preamble, re- WHEREAS 0 passed in the fourth year of his pre* citing ict 4. J fat Majestys retgn, tntituki, An act to prevent paper Geo. 3. bills of credit hereafter to be issued in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, front being declared to be a legal tender in payments of money, and to prevent the legal tender of such bills as are now subsisting, from being prolonged beyond the periods limited for calling in and sinking the same, it is enabled, That from and after the first day ^September, one thousand seven hundred and sixtyfour, no order, resolution, or vote of assembly, in any of his Majestfs colonies or plantations in America, shall be made for creating or ijjiiing any paper bills, or bills of credit of any kina or denomination whatsoever, declaring such paper bills or bills of credit to be legal tender in payment of any bar-..gains, conttafts, debts, dues, or demands whatsoever; and every

clause and provision vAnch shall hereafter be infected in any act, order' or resolution, or vote rf assembtf, contrary to this act, shall be null and void: and whereas it is, at this time, necessary for the public service of the colony of New York, that provision should be made for creating and issuing one hundred ami twenty thousand pounds, current money of New York, in paper bills of credit, to be received as a legal tender by the loan officers of the said colony, for and during the term of fourteen years; and in the treasury of the said colony, for and during the said term, and for one year thereafter: and whereas doubts have arisen whether, under the terms of the said recited Statute, such provision as aforesaid can lawfully be made: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament General af- Ambled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and fembly may may be lawful for the governor, council, and general afleenbly pass an act of the said colony, to pass an act of the said general assembly

for Whing for creating and issuing a futn, not exceeding one hundred

£ut^ey in anc* twenty thousand pounds current money or New York, in bills of ere- bills of credit to be put out upon loan, to be legal tender in dit i payment at the loan offices for and during the term of four-

Ttmfameto teen years; and in payment into the treasury of the said co-be legal ten- lony, for colony duties, for the said term and for one year scan^fficei thereafter; any thing in the afore-recited Statute of the fourth and treasury year of his present Majesty's reign to the contrary thereof in therefor 14 ^nv wise notwithstanding.

years, &c.

1790[ Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 36# 3^7

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for redeeming the capital or joint stock of annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten jhittings per centum, established by an all made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second> intituled An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two millions, to be raised by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged on the sinking fund, redeemable by. parliament; and for extending to Ireland the laws made in tins kingdom against private and unlawful lotteries.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS in pursuance of an act made in the twenty-ninth

[Preamble.]

year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, reciting act intituled An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two 2* millions, to be raised by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged on the sinking fund, redeemable by parliament; and for extending to Ireland the laws made in this kingdom against private and unlawful lotteries $ the said sum of two millions was raised for the public service; and it was thereby further enacted, That the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, part of the said sum of two millions^ on which annuities* after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum were to be attending, should be deemed one capital or joint stock; and that at any time after the expiration of fifteen years, to be computed from the eleventh day ^February one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, and not sooner, upon six months notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and Affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by authority of parliament 5 and upon repayment by parliament of the whole principal sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, for which the said annuities were payable, to such respective persons or corporations as should be intitled to the same annuities 5 or upon the like repayment by parliament of any part of the said sum of oni million five hundred thousand pounds, Jo as such part of the sum fa paid at any one time be not less than five hundred thousand pounds; and also upon full payment of all arrearagesx of the same annuities % then, and not till then the said annuities should ceafa and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any vote or reflation of the houfa of commons, signified by the Jpealer in writing., to be infirtei in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforesaid.> should be deemed and adjudged tq be sufficient notice within the words and meaning of the said act: and whereas your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled* have refalvcdy That the said sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, being the amount of the said capital or joint stock of the annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum, be redeemed and paid off on the twelfth day ^February, one thousand seven hundred andfaventy

cm>

308 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 36.

[17 %

one: and whereas the speaker of the house of commons did, in pursuance of a refoluiion of the said house tn this session of parliament, give notice by writing, inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, that the same will be paid off and redeemed on the twelfth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, agreeable to the power of redemption in the said act: therefore, your faithful commons, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-Motices given Polity of the same. That such notices as aforesaid shall be, by the speaker and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be good and Efficient to be deemed notice or notices within the true intent and meaning of the said act, for the redemption of the said capital or joint stock of annuities after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum, and the same shall be redeemable and redeemed accordingly.

The following And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

films to be*That on or before the said twelfth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, there shall and may be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, the sum of one million five hundred thou fend pounds, out of all or any the aids or supplies granted in this session of parliament (except any particular aid or supply which hath been or shall be in the same session specially and intirely appropriated to any other particular use orpurpose;,) which ^um ^e, ^t^ie governor and company, applied and paid over for discharging the said principal sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, part of the said sum of two millions, raised under the authority of the said act made in no rcuccm twenty-n, nth year of his late Majesty's reign, and for re-ing attendant deeming the said annuities after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum, attending on the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on or before the said twelfth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, there shall and may, by by way of im- order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, be issued and paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to the governor and company of the bank of England> by way of imprest, and upon account, out of the surplusses, excesses, or overplus-monies, commonly callus (ballbene- cd The Sinking Fund, such sum of moneyas shall be necessary ceflary to dif- 'for the discharge of the said annuities attending on the said charge the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, from the ui^n^on^he ^aY of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-Jbm of one, to the fai<* twelfth day of February, one thousand seven s, 500, 0001. hundred and seventy-one inclusive; which sum shall be applied IromsjMt. by the said governor and company in discharge of such an-Scfefive'l77, *nuiries

good and fuf-Ecient.

issued to the bank, out of the supplies granted this session, viz. Qn or before i»Feb. 1771* 1, 500, 0001.

*, 000, 000 1. raised by act 9 Geo. 1. and redeem-

annutties

and so much out of the sinking fund.

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 36. 309

nuities accordingly, at the same time that the respective prin- Bank to apply cipal faonies, composing the said sum of one million five hun- the fameac* dred thousand pounds, shall be paid and satisfied; and that cordingly, all such annuities in refbed of, or attending on the same, shall and annuities cease and be extinguifned, from the said twelfth day of Fe- to cease. bruary, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Annu-ltje, to thority aforesaid, That if all or any part of the said principal be paid up to monies, composing the said fun\ of one million five hundred the day ap- thousand pounds capital and joint dock hereby intended to be pointed for the tedeetned, shall be paid and satisfied at the bank of England before the said twelfth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, the said governor and company shall Rotwwithstanding the same pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in respect of the principal monies so discharged, the full sum which the said annuities attending the same would have amounted to on the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; any thing herein, or in any other ad contained to the contrary notwithst'and- ing.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declar- This act not ed by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained to extend to shall be deemed or construed to extend to any the annuities the annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum attending on the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, being the refi- a>o00j000l. due of the said sum of two millions, raised by the said act raised* by act made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and there-9 Geo. by added to the joint stock of annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, transferable at the bank of England, and not hereby intended to be redeemed; but that the same shall continue futyed to a redemption by parliament,

and charged and chargeable upon the said Sinking Fund; and shall be paid thereout in such manner as the same is now charged and payable, as if this act had never been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No member

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company, or any of the bank to member thereof, shall not incur any disability or penalty for or incur any by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing in pur- disability in fuance of this act. respect of this

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, acu That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be filed, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or or any matter or thing therein contained; such person or persons shall and may General issue. plead the generalifitie, and give the special matter in evidence for his and their defence: and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff! or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their adiop, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them upon demurrer or otherwise

Jio Anno decimo GtOROlI lit C. 37. [1769.

'Treble cost*.

wife 5 then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for comtrnuing Jo touch of an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to continue and amend two acts made in the twenty-first and twenty-eighth years of his late Majesty's reign* for encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in America; and for extending the provisions of an act of the thirtieth year of his late Majesty's reign, with respect to bringing prize goods into this kingdom* to Spanish prize goods taken since the late declaration of War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British plantations in America; and for explaining so much of an act made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in America, and for extending the same to the naval officers there.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the law for encouraging the making of indite in the British plantations in America* is found to be very useful atsi beneficial to the publici, and is so near expiring, that it is fit it Jbewd be continued; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty* by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituhl and temporal* and commons* in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Act si Geo. *. That an act made in the twenty-first year of the reigri of for encoorag- his late majesty King George the Second* intituled An act for ing the male- encouraging the making of indico in tbt British plantations in Arne- Am " C0 r*ca* which was to continue in force for seven years from the n» enea* twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine* and from thence to the end of the then next session which was parliament; and which* by another act of the twenty-

continued by eighth year of his said late Majesty's reign* is further con-

several subse- tinued from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven quest acts* hundred and fifty-six* until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by another act made in the third year of the rSten of his present Majesty, intituled An act to continue and amend two alts made in the twenty-first and twenty-eighth years ef his late Majesty's reign, for encouraging the snaking if indico in the British plantations in America; and for extending the provisions of an act of the thirtieth year of his late Majesty's reign, with respect to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanish prize goods taken since the late declaration of spar with Spain* is further continued*

from

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. yj: % i r

from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament$ shall be, and the same, together with all the provisions, regulations, restrictions, powers, and clauses mentioned in the said last recited act of the third year of his present Majesty, so far as they relate to encouraging or concern the making of indico in the British plantations in America, is hereby further continued from the expiration further conth thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven nue<i to5 hundred and seventy-seven, and from thence to the end of the March 17779 the then next session of parliaments

II. And whereas by an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of Act 5 Geo. j. his present Majesty, intituled An act for more effectually securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's American dominions; for repealing the inland duty on coffee, imposed by an act made in the thirty-second year of his late majesty King George the second; and for granting an inland duty on all coffee imported (except coffee of the growth of the British dominions in Ame-'rtca ;,) for altering the bounties and drawbacks upon sugars exported; for repealing part of an act made in the twenty-third year of his said late Majesty, whereby bar iron, made in the said dominions, wal prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried coastwise; and for regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in the said dominions; in order to prevent any disputes concerning what fees the officers of his Majesty's customs in the British colonies and plantations in America may be intitled to for mating entries or other business done by them in the execution of their employments, it is enabled, that until such time as the same shall be otherwise settled by the authority of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for all and every collector, and other officer of his Majesty's customs in any British colony or plantation in America, to demand and receive such fees as they and their predeceffirs were intit led to demand and receive, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixtyfour, provided the fees so taken are not contrary to the express aireftion of any act of parliament made in Great Britain; any law, bye-law, or other act of assembly, made in the said plantations, to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas there have lately arisen, in some of the ports of America, disputes whether the officers of the customs were intitled to demand and receive such fees as were usually taken by them and their predecessors before the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four\ and the naval officers not having been included in the said re- After cited aft, disputes have arisen concerning the fees of some of the said of the

naval officers \ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from customs, and and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and naval officers seventy, for and during the term of two years, and from thence i» the British to the end of the then next session of parliament, unless the same colonies, may, shall be sooner settled by the authority of parliament, every collector, comptroller, and other officer of his Majesty's customs, fees as were and every naval officer in the said British colonies, shall be usually paid deemed to be intitled to, and shall find may lawfully demand before 19 Sept and receive such fees, as they and their predecessors respectively17

312

Penalty on exacting greater fees. Application thereof.

Preamble, re-citing act 29 Geo. a.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 38. [1769.

Were and had been generally and usually accustomed to demand, take, and receive, before the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thbtlfahd seven hundred and sixty-four; and shall have like remedy for the same according to the true intent and meaning of the said recited act; any law, bye-law, or other act of assembly made in the said plantations, to the contrary notwithstanding, and if any such collector, comptroller, or other officer of his Majesty's customs, or naval officer, in America, shall exalt, require, or receive any greater or other fees than such as are herein before allowed to be taken, he shall, for the first offence.

forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; one moiety of which penalty shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to the person or persons aggrieved thereby, who shall foe for the same in the proper court in fitch colony or plantation; and for the second offence, he shall forfeit his place or office, and be for ever after incapable of executing any office or employment in the customs or navy.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for continuing the bounties on British and Irish linens exported*for further discontinuing the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax j and for granting a bounty on the exportation of British thecQubd and jlriped linens, and upon British and Irish dhtpets, Hutka-backs, Jheettng, and other linen of above a certain breadth.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his late majesty King George the second, ihtitxitd, An act for granting a bounty upon certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yams made of flax, it is enacted, that there Jbeil he given and paid, without any fee, reward, or deduction whatsoever, a bounty for every yard of BrttiOs or Irish linens made (f bemp, or flax, and of the breadth of twenty-five inches or more, sender the value offive-pence spa yard, the sum of one halfpenny and of the value of five-pence per juris, and under the value of six-pence par yard, the sum of one-penny; and of the value of six-pence pur yard, and not exceeding the value of eighteen-pence per yard, the sum of one penny'half-penny $ which, from and after, the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, and within the term of fifteen years, to commence from the said tvbenty-fourth day of June, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next feffien of parliament, JbcifL be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, < Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or to the East Indies: and it is further enacted, that from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, no subsidy, custom, rate, duty, or other tmpt-fitton whatsoever, should be demanded, collected, received, or taken 'upon any raw or brown linen yam made of flax, and known by themames of Dutch yarn and French yarn, and of spruce or Muscovia yarn, or any other foreign raw or brown linen yams made of flax, which shall be imported into this kingdom; but that all such limn yarns shall and may be imported duty-free for the space of fifteen years from the - said

1759O Anno decimo GEORGII IIt. c. 38. 313

said twenty-fourth day of June, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next Jeffton tf parliament; any former law, JlatuU, or act or acts of parliament' to the contrary tutwithstanding: and whereas the manufacture of linen would be ftillfurther improved', and the exportation thereof to foreign parts be prefer ved and considerably intrcased, if the bounties by the said act granted, and herein before recited, were continued, and the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yams made of flax taken off for afurther term ofyears, and if a bounty that allowed on the exportation ofall British cheeked and striped tinea of a certain value: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may beenaftei: and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho- Act. 19. Geo. rity of the same. That the said 'act of the twenty-ninth of his ? for granr-late majesty King George the second, intituled An act for granting a bounty upon certain species ^British and Irish linens exported, of certain li-end taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns nent, fee. made of flax, and the bounties thereby allowed; and the taking off the duties on the iaportatien tf the foreign raw linen yams made of flax j)

shall be, and the same are hereby continued, under all the clau- farther con tiles, conditions, and limitations of the said act, until the twen- nued till4. ty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seven- Iune»77* t ty-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of efce£dhhtMa parliament, except in so far as the same are altered and extend-tm* ed by this present act in manner as herein after mentioned; any

a in the herein before recited act to the contrary notwith-ng.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That bounty on _ there shall be given apd paid, without any fee, reward, or de- certain British duftion whatsoever, a bounty for every yard of British checked SSrf iin«n» or striped linen of the breadth of twenty-five inches or more exported j and not exceeding one shilling and sixpence and not under fe-ven-pence in value per yard the sum of one halfpenny, which, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and within the term of seven years, to commence from the said twenty-fourth day of June last mentioned, and from thence to continue to the end of the then next session of parliament immediately following the expiration of the said additional term of (even years, shall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or the Bast Indies, in the same manner, and upder subject to tl» the like provisions, conditions, and limitations, as the herein be- proviGon* of fore recited bounties were allowed by the said act of the twen-9 Geo. s* ty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and continued under this present act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That linen of above if, upon view and examination by the proper officers of the cuf*6- E*r y?r<* toms it shall appear, that all or any piece or pieces of checkedftled\oboun« and striped; linen, which shall be entered for exportation as in- ty, titled to the bounty hereby granted, is or are of a greater value than one shilling and sixpence per yard; then, and in such case and cases respectively, it shall be in the power of the officers of, j., r, m/

Y a the

314 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 39."*[176gi

the customs to take the said checked and striped linen, on pay-on paying id. ing to the exporter or feller the value of one penny per yard over Pftiyafd C an<l a^0VC t^ie e^mate<^ value thereof; in the same manner, and lue^c! Va" subject to the like dispositions and conditions, as by the said be- # fore recited'act are provided in the case of linen entered for exportation as intttled to the bounty, which, on view and examination, shall appear to the officers to be of greater value than one shilling and sixpence per yard.

IV. And whereas diapers, huckabacks, fleeting, and other species of linen, upwards of one yard English in breadth, though of no finer or better fabrick or quality than linen of an ordinary breadth which are

intitled to the bounty by the said act granted, are not intitlei to the said bounty if above the value of eighteen-pence per yard: and whereas it would be of greater benefit to the manufacture of diapers, huckaback\s, fleeting,) and other species of linen aforesaid, that a bounty be granted by the square yard upon the exportation of the same to any of

A bounty ofhe places mentioned in the said recited act; be it therefore enacted id. aq. per by the authority aforesaid, That for and upon every square yard square yard of the species of goods aforesaid, being of the manufacture of "upon Qr€ai Britain or Ireland, and not exceeding one shilling and fix-d?aper, &c?of Pence the square yard in value, a bounty of one penny halfpen-Britishor Irith ny upon every such square yard, and so in proportion for any manufacture, quantity exceeding a square yard, shall be allowed upon the ex-not6cec<iil>g portation thereof respectively, for such time, and in, such man-yard i'nPvalue. ner» an<* under, and subject to the like conditions, redactions*

and limitations, as are prescribed by the said recited act of the twenty-ninth year of his said late majesty's reign, and continued

by this present a<SL '

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for registering the prices at which com is fold in the several counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imparted.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a register of the prices at which com is fold in the several counties of Great Britain, will be of publick and general advantage: may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the justices of the peace for each Justices at ge- county, riding, division, and stewartry within Great Britain, shall, neral or quar- and they are hereby required, ' at their general or quarter-feffer-sessions fions, to be held next after the twenty-ninth day of September next after 29 one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and so in every fuc-ep.year y, cee(jing year dur; ng the continuance of this act, at thei$ general or quarter-sessions to be held next after the twenty-ninth day of 1° rtturns^o" September, to order and direct returns to be made weekly of the lie made of prices of wheat, rye, barley, oats, and beans, from such and so the prices of many market-towns within such respective counties, ridings, diwheat, rye, visions, and stewartries, as they shall think proper, not being le(s than two, nor more than fix market-towns ^within any coun-big,ty, riding, or division, in that part of Great Britain called England i

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 39 315

land; and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the pri- ^om not left oes alfp of that grain called Bear or Big; and shall and may also 6

direct and appoint a proper person, being an inhabitant of such markets j market-town, to make such returns from every such market- and to appoint town respectively to the person to be appointed in manner here- a Pr^n° in after directed to receive the same; and in case the person ap-acl1 ro" pointed by the justices as aforesaid shall die, neglect his duty, or Onbisnegleet, become incapable of performing it, any two justices of the peace &c. two justi-acting for the county, riding, division, or stewartry, shall and ce* wayap-may appoint a fit person to make such returns, until the next to Sa^Sithe general or quarter- section of the peace to be holden for such fcoun- next general ty, riding, division, or stewartry; and the justices of the peace or quarter-at such next general or quarter-sessions, shall and may ratify and sessions. confirm such appointment, or appoint some other person to make such returns until the next general or quarter-sessions to be held after the twenty-ninth day of September.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Meal weigh-the meal-weighers of the city of London for the time being, shall ers of London take an account of the prices at which wheat, rye, barley, oats, to make a and beans are sold at the markets within the said city, and return of th/average the average prices weekly to the person to be appointed to re- prices. S ceive the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Justices neg-in case any of the said justices of the peace shall refuse or neglect to appoint a proper person to make such returns as aforesaid, f© make the° then the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury return, for the time being shall, and they are hereby required to appoint treasury to ap. such person or persons, as they shall think proper, to make such Point one> &c# returns from such respective places; who shall be paid in the manner directed'by this act, until the respective justices of the peace, at their general or quarter-sessions next after the twenty-ninth day of September, shall appoint a proper person for that

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices of the peace for each county, riding, division, and provided, &c.

stewartry, shall cause a standard Winchester bushel of eight gallons v 9

to be provided and kept at each market-town, from whence such

returns shall be directed to be made; and such returns shall be

the average prices of wheat, rye, barley, oats, beans, and bear

or big, by the customary measure of each respective market; and also the average prices by the said standard or Winchester bushel.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That J*rsons mak-every person making such returns (except from the city of Lon- Jo^paid out don) shall be intitled to, and shall receive such sum or Turns of Gf county money for his care and trouble therein, as the justices of the rates, peace so assembled as aforesaid shall respectively order and direct, not exceeding two shillings for each return, to be paid quarterly out of the publick rates for each county, riding, division, or stewartry; which sum and sums of money the treasurer of such county, riding, division, or stewartry, is hereby authorised and required to pay out of the publick (lock of such county, riding,

Y 3 division.

316 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 39?.

[1769.

division, or stewartry, upon receiving a certificate from the person authorised to receive such returns, that the same have beet!

made according to the directions of this act, and upon the receipt of duplicates of such returns; which duplicates, the per-Buplicates of fons making the same are hereby required to deliver or transmit (rid befor* to clerfc t^le P6ace or his deputy for each respective coun-Justicesfy* rising, division, or stewartry, four times in every year, to be timet a year, laid before the justices of the peace at their next general olr quarter-sessions assembled.

who is to enter them in a book, and publish them, or ab

treasury toap-

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That point a person the lord high treasurer or the of of his majesty's trea-to receive re- fUry for the time being shall, from time to time, appoint a fit turn? there; person to receive such returns at the treasury (the first appointment to be made before the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and published eight times at the least in the London Gazette;,) and such person shall, and is hereby required'to enter, or cause such returns to be entered fairly in a book or books to bfe kept for that purpose; and once in every week to cause the same, or an abstract thereof, in the manner and ftrVftsthVeof, form that shall be approved of by the lord high treasurer, dr any weekly, in the three of of his Majesty's treasury for the time be-London Ga- ing, to be published in the London Gazette; and shall also four and Likewise t*mcsn cvcry year transmit a certificate to the clerk of the peace 4timesayear, for each respective county, riding, division, and stewartry, and terrify to the to the court of mayor and aldermen of the city of London, of clerks of the the returns which have been made by the several persons ap-re^urn^made P°*nted to make the same within such county, riding, division, from their re. or stewartry; and also whether the same were regularly made according to the directions of this act.,

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person appointed to receive the said returns at the treasury, shall receive and fend all his letters and packets free from the duty of postage, in the same manner, and under such restrictions, as any person or persons appointed by the lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury for that purpose, now send and receive the same in pursuance of an act made in the Act Geo. 3. fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of poJlage\ any law or Statute to Account of the contrary notwithstanding.

corn exported

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, anTim^orted, That the lord high treasurer, or the of of the trca-and of boun- fury for the time being shall, and they are hereby required toor-ties and du- der and direct, that an account of the quantities of aH corn and ^ecefvcd to* ?rain cxPorte(l a°d imported from and into Great Britabt, toge-beTransmitted l^cr with an account of all bounties and duties paid and receiv-annualiv by ed thereon, be transmitted annually by the of of the commission, customs in England and Scotland respectively, and be registeredrSEn CiU<tjms in proper books to be kept for that purpose by the person ap-and Scotland, pointed to receive the returns of the prices from the several coun-Entries to be ties as aforesaid.

tpade thereof.

spective counties, See. Person appointed by the treasury, exempted from postage.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 40. 317

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall have conti- Act to conti- nuance from the passing thereof, for and during the term of fe- "uy^8, e ven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session 7 y of parliament.

CAP. XL.

An act for appropriating a futfdy established by an act mado in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, in-tituM % An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this king* dom, and for establishing a fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of hemp and flax.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the seventh year of the reign Preamble re-of his present Majesty*intituled An act for granting to his gJJJ* Majesty additional duties on certain foreign, linens imported in-3* to this kingdom, and for establishing a fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of hemp and flax, it is enacted, that a, sum not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds per annum, arising from the duties by the said act granted, shall be kept apart in the receipt of his Mqjefifs exchequer, as a fund for the encouragement of raising and drejfwg hemp and flax in this kingdom, in such way and manner as the parliament should thereafter dir eft: and whereas such direction is now become requisite for answering the jfalutary purposes of the jhid aft: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall ?nd may be lawful Majesty to and for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from time to ^Tie^the dlf-time, and at all times hereafter, by his or their royal sign ma- trtfmtioaof*nual for that purpose, and countersigned by the commissioners 8000I, per of his Majesty's treafiury, now or for the time being, or any num, &c. for three or more of them, Qr the high treasurer for the time being, (h^fmgand to direct, order, limit, and appoint, the distribution and pay- ctreffing of ment of the sum of eight thousand pounds per annumy from the hemp and commencement of the said act of the seventh of his present Majesty, and annually afterwards, or of eight fifteenth parts of the sum and sums of money which have already grown due and been kept apart, and shall hereafter grow due and be kept apart, for the encouragement of raising and dressing hemp and flax in this kingdom, pursuant to the directions of the said act of the seventh purfaantto, of his present Majesty, and every matter and thing necessary for the appropriation thereof, according to the true intent and0 73'

meaning of the said herein before recited act, in such ways and manner, and in and by such shares, proportions, and divisions, and under such conditions, restrictions, and limitations, as to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, shall, from time to time as aforesaid, appear to be most useful and effectual for the encouragement of the raising and dressing hemp and flax within that part of Great Britain called England.

3*8

Act i3 Geo. i*

Treasury to issue warrants for paying 70001, annually, &c.

pursuant to act 7 Geo. 3. to the receiver general of the crown rents andcafualties in Scotland, towards encouraging tillicries, &c.

Methods preferred by act 13 Geo. 1,

to followed in the distribution of money issued under this act.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 46.

[176gl

II. And whereas, pursuant to powers given by an act passed in the thirteenth year of his majesty King George the First, intituled An act for encouraging and promoting fisheries, and other manu-fastures and improvements, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, his Majesty has already, by letters patent under the great seal appointed by the treaty of union to be kept in Scotland in plate of the great seal thereof, appointed, named, and authorised certain persons to be trustees and comrti'tjfloners for managing and directing the application of the several funds and sums of money in the said act provided and appropriated for the improvement and encouragement of fishery and manufactures in that part of Great Britain called Scotland: and whereas it will be of great publick benefit that so much of the said fund set apart for the encouragement of the raising and dre/s-ing of hemp and flax, as shall be allotted for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, should likewise be put under the management and direction of the said trustees and of, and other persons after mentioned: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now being, and the high treasurer of Great Britain, and the of of the treasury of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for the time being, mall, and they are hereby empowered and required to issue their warrants and orders to the proper persons, for making payment of seven thousand pounds per annum, from the commencement of the said act of the seventh of his present Majesty, and annually afterwards, or of seven fifteenth parts of the sum and sums of money which have already grown due ?nd been kept apart, and shall hereafter grow due and be kept apart in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the en* couragemeqt of raising and dressing hemp and flax in this kingdom pursuant to the directions of the said act of the seventh of his present Majesty, as the same shall severally become due, unto the receiver-general of the crown rents and casualties in Scotland, without fee or reward, to be by him answered and issued in like manner, without fee or reward, to and by the order of the of and trustees for encouraging and promoting fishings, manufactures, and improvements, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and other persons after named in manner as herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the same plan or method, rules, and regulations, whereby the funds appropriated for the improvement of fisheries and manufactures by the said act of the thirteenth of George the First, are ordered to be applied, laid out, and distributed, shall take place, and be followed in the application, laying out, and distribution of the sum and sums of money which shall be issued under the authority of this present act, to and for the encouragement of the raising hemp and flax in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, under the direction and management of the said trustees and of, in the same manner, and as effectually, as if the several clauses, powers, provisions, rules, regulations, matters, and things, in the said l^ft-mentioned act, respecting the

3l9

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 41.

plan, rules, and regulations aforesaid, were repeated, and applied in this present act to the application, laying out, and distribu-tien of the said sum and sums of money allotted for the encouragement of the raising and dressing or hemp and flax in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XLI.

An act to enable the speaker of the house of commons to issue his warrants to make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as shall die diiring the recess of parliament.

WHEREAS many inconveniencies have happened, and many Preamble* disorders have been occasioned, for want of more speedy elections of members of the house of commons, in the room of such who have died during the recess of parliament: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the end of the present After the end session of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for the speaker present of the house of commons for the time being, during the recess theqieaker of of parliament for more than twenty days, whether by proroga- the house of tien or adjournment, and he is hereby required to issue his war- commons, rants to the clerk of the town to make out new writs for eleSing members of the house of commons, in the room of such members Smts^makl who shall happen to die during such recess of parliament, so ing out writs soon as such speaker shall have bad due notice of the decease of f?r new elec-such members. tion*

II. Provided always, That no such warrant shall be issued by Decease to be the speaker of the house of commons, unless the death of such certified by member shall be certified to him by two members of the house twomcmbersi of commons, by writing under their hands.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the and notified speaker of the house of commons shall forthwith, after the re- j/ the Londou ceipt of the certificate of the death of such member, cause no- Gazette, tice thereof to be inserted in the London Gazette, and shall not issue his warrant till fourteen days after the insertion of such notice in the Gazette \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Speak?r not to herein contained shall extend to authorize the speaker of the unleTsYhe house of commons for the time being, to issue his warrant to rctuJ, of the the clerk of the crown to make out a new writ for the electing writ for elec-a member of the house of commons in the room of any mem- tion ofdeceaf-ber deceased, unless the return of the writ, by virtue or which such member deceased was elected, shall have been brought into cr0Wn office the office of the clerk of the crown, fifteen days at the lead be- 15 days before fore the end of the session of parliament immediately preceding the end of the fbe fteath of fych picmber. jSon?

Preamble, reciting the fe-vtrak qualifying acts of

S Geo. i.

*j Car. a.

5 Car. a.

30 Car.

S Geo. 1.

9 Geo. a.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 42; ^17

CAP. XLII.

An act to indemnify such persons in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify tbmfohes for offices and employments within the time limited by law* and for allowing further time for that purpose; for allowing further time for registering and inrolling agreements entered into for enelofing commons* for the purpose of planting and preserving trees for timber or underwood; and for indent-nifying persons who have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and follicitors.

WHEREAS divers persons in the kingdom^Great Britain and Ireland, who* on account of their offices* places* employments* or professions* or any ether cause or occasion* ought to have taken and subscribeathe oaths* or the affitrance refoe ftivety appointed to be by Juth persons taken and subscribed* in and by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the FirJlj of glorious memory* intituled An act for the further security of his Majesty's person and government, and the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia* being protestants; and for extinguUhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales and his open and secret abetters; or to have qualified themselves according to an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the well governing and regulating corporations; or to have qualified themselves according to another act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charts the Second, intituled An act for preventing the dangers which may happen from popish recusants, by receiving the focrament of the Lord's /upper according to the usage of the church of England, and making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation therein mentioned; or according to another act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second* intituled An act for the more effectual preserving the King's person and government, by disabling papKls from fitting in either house of parliament; vr according to an act made in the kingdom of Ireland, in the second year of the reign of her late majesty Sfueen Anne, intituled An act to prevent the further growth of popery; or according to another act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for granting the people called quakers, such forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under; or according to another act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late mayfly King George the Second* intituled An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his prese'nt Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term or quarter sessions; and also for enlarging the time limited by law for making

32t

1769^} Anno decimo G % orgii II!, c. 4

ing and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation; and for allowing a further time for mrolment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers, deviiees, and lessees > or according to another act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, it Geo. An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further qualification of justices of the peace 5 or according to another act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Gco# 3*

An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament,

the several laws now in being relating to the raising and training

the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; or

according to another act made in the sixth year of the reign of his pre- and $ Geo. 3.

fetit Majesty, intituled An act for altering the oath of abjuration

and the aifurance j and for amending so much of an act made

in the seventh year of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled,

An act for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentionea to persons indicted of high,

treason, or misprision of treason 5 have, through ignorance of the law, absence, or same unavoidable accident, omitted to take and subscribe the said oaths and assurance, and make and subscribe the declaration required by law, or otherwise to qualify themselves as afore-fail, within such time, and in fetch manner, as in and by the said acts respectively, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made is required \ whereby they have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring, divers penalties and disabilties: for quieting the minds of his Majesty's subjects in Great Britain and Ireland, and for preventing any inconveniencies that might otherwise happen by means of such omifftom; be it enacted by the King's most excellent maje-.fty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every persons who person or persons respectively in Great Britain and Ireland, who, at, or before at or before the passing of this act, hath, or £iall have, omitted th? Puffing of to take and subscribe the said1 oaths and declarations, or to receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper, or otherwise to qualify him, qualify them-her, or themselves, within such time, and in such manner, as selves for of-in and by the said acts, or any of them, or by any other ad of fice» and em-parliament in that behalf made in Great Britain and Ireland re- di*

spectively is required 5 and who, after accepting any such office, '^place, or employment, or undertaking any profession or thing, 9on account of which such qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the passing of this act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and also received the sacrament of the Lord's supper, according to the usage of the church of England 5 or who, on and who shall or before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven J*"1* Jiyalify hundred and seventy, shall take and subscribe the said oaths, ©/before*11 declarations, and assurance respectively, in such cases wherein Dec. 1770, 5 by law the said oaths, declarations, and assurance, ought to have been taken or subscribed, in such manner and form, and at or 4

222 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 42. [1769.

in such place or places, as are appointed in and by the said act made in the kingdom of Iceland in the second year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne* or in and by the said acte made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, or by any other act or a&$ of parliament in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, in that behalf made and provided; and also hath or have received, or shall, on or before the said twenty fifth day of Decemberone thousand seven hundred and seventy, receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper according to the usage of the church of England, in such cases wherein the said sacrament ought to have been received 5 and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, make and ifubferibe the said declaration againsttransubstantiation; and also hath or have made and subscribed, or (h^l on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, make and subscribe the said declaration in the said Statute-made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in such cases wherein the said declarations ought, to have been made and subscribed; and take and subscribe the oath directed by the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, in such cases wherein the said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such manner as by the said act is directed; and also being a deputy lieutenant, or officer of the militia, shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, leave his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, with whom he is by the said act, made in the second year of his present Majesty's areindemnl- reign, required to leave the same; shall be and are hereby in-fied for any demnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, such previous forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, incurred, or to be in-omission, curred, for or by reason of any neglect or omission, previous '

to the passing of this act, of taking or subscribing the said oaths tated^C*PaC1" or assurance* or receiving the sacrament, or making or subscrib- ing the said declarations, or taking or subscribing the said oath, or leaving his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace respectively, according to the above-mentioned acts, or any of them, or any other act or acts; and such person and persons is and are, and shall be, fully and actually recapacitated and re-? stored to the same state and condition as he, she, or they, were < in before such neglect or omission, and shall be deemed and ad-

and ail elec- judged to ^ave duly qualified him, her, or themselves, accordion^ and acts ing to the above-mentioned acts, and every of them*and that done, or to be all eiedtions of, and acts done, or to be done, by any such j done, by them, person or persons, or by authority derived from him, her, or dared to^b* as are an(* Audi^arne ^Qr^c a°d validity as the same,

valid, as if or any of them, would have been, if such person or persons re-they had be- spectively had taken the said oaths or aifurance, and received fore duly qua- the sacrament of the Lord's supper, and made and subscribed the ldv<La*he declarations, anjd taken and subscribed the said oath, and

skid several left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, ac-acts directs cording to the direction of the said acts, and every 01 any of

jtheai 5

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 42. 323

them; and that the qualification of such person or persons qualifying themselves in manner, % and within the time, appointed by this act, shall b$, to all intents and purposes, as effectual, as if such person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and assurance, and received the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declaration* and taken and subscribed* the said oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, within the time, and in the manner, appointed by the several acts before-mentioned, or by any other thing therein to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con- except in such

tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indem? ?^f-w?crc nify any person against whom final judgement shall have been ^ent hash"' given in any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any been given in of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain or Ireland re- any court for spectively, for any penalty incurred by having pegle&edto qua* the penalty in-liry himself within the time, limited by law..ZVtJ&Z*

III. Provided slfo, That this act, or any thing herein con^ offices &c. tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to restore already avoid-or intitle any person or persons to any office or employment, ed by judge-benefice, matter, or thing whatsoever already actually avoided by ment of a, judgement of any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Bri- j^lly filled tain ox Ireland respectively, or already legally filled up and enjoyed, confirmed, by any other person, but. that such office, employment, benefice,

matter, or thing, so avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now, or shall at the passing of this act be legally intitled to the same, as if this act had newer been made,

IV. And whereas by an act made in the twenty-ninth yeat of the Ad 29 Geo. a* reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act

for inclqsing, by the mutual consent of the lords and tenants, part of any common, for the purpose of planting and preserving trees fit for timber or underwood; and for the more eftcdually preventing the unlawful destruction of trees, it is, among other things, enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majestyyhis heirs and successors, and all other owners of wajles, woods, and pastures, in that part of Great Britain called England, wherein any person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate kathjr have a right of common or pasture, by and with the ojjent of the major.part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of tenements, to which the said right of common or pasture. doth belong 5 and to and for the major part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of such tenements, by and with the ajfentof the owner or owners of the said wajles, woods, and pastures; and to and for any other person or persons, or body politick or corporate, by and with the assent and grant of the owner or owners of such wajles, woods, and pastures, and the ma- jort part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of such tenements, to inchfe and keep, in several ty, for the growth and prer servation of timber or underwood, any part of such. wajles, woods, and pastures, for such time, and in such manner, and upon such conditions, as shall be agreed by them respectively; and it is by the 7 said

3*4

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 4 % [1769.

said act provided that the recompile to be paid to any such owner or owners of such % vactes, woods, and pastures, not having a fee simplt therein, or being disabled or refrained from alienating the same, shall he either by a grant of a Share of the profit which fall, from time to time, arise from the side of the timber or underwood growing on ptbe ground or foil fi inclosed, or by a grant of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of an annuity or rent-charge, issuing out of the said ground or foil Jo inclosed, or out of other lands, tenements9or hereditaments; such equivalent to be held and enjoyed bp the owner or owners of such wastes, woods, and pastures, and such as shall be intit led to the same, in reversion, remainder, or succession, in like manner as the estate in such wastes, woods, or pastures, is limited to be held and enjoyed' and whereas it is in and by the said loft recited act farther provided that every agreement for any such intkfure shall be in writing, and signed by the parties; and the same shall be registered and inrolled by the clerk of the peace for the county, riding, or division, where such wastes, woods, or pastures, or the greater part ^f them, shall lie, within three months next after the execution of such agreement: and whereas by virtue of agreements made, or intended to have been made, pursuant to the said act, and another act made in the thirty first year of his said late Majesty's reign, to amend and render more effectual the same, divers parts of such wafies, woods, and pastures, have been enclosed, and are now kept in faveralty, for the growth and prefirvation of timber or underwood, and at a great expense have been planted with trees for ornament, Jhdter, or profit 5 but the persons making such inclosures have or may have omitted to have their said deeds or instruments of agreement registered and inrolled by the clerk of the peace within three months next after the execution thereof5 and in other resptfts the powers in the said acts may not have been strictly pursued: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every agreement purporting to be made pursuant to the said acts for inclosing of any wastes, woods, or pastures, which have been already taken in and inclosed, shall be of the same forceand validity, and all and every the said inclosures shall stand 45 Dtc. 1770, and be confirmed and establhhed in the same manner, as-if such to be valid, agreement had been registered and inrolled by the proper plerk of the peace, pursuant to the said a&$ provided such agreement bath been before the passing of this act, or shall be, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, registered and inrolled by the clerk of the peace, for the county, riding, or division where such wastes, woods, or pastures, or the greatest part of them, lie.

V. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all persons, or bodies politick or corporate, who think themselves injured or aggrieved by any such agreement not yet registered and inrolled, and where the lands inclosed in pursuance thereof have not been already planted with trees as aforesaid, to make complaint thereof by appeal to the justices of the peace at any quarter-sessions to be held for the same county, riding, their determi- or division, within six months after any such agreement shall be

nation to be registered and inrolled in manner as aforesaid $ which said justices final, gjg

Agreements for lands al-readyinclosed, if registered on or before

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the [aarter-fef*

ft

ions;

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 42. 325

are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such appeal, and whose determination therein shall be final.

VI. And be it Anther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Inclosure* al-That where any such inclosure, before the passing of this act, made. hath been made by any owner or owners of wastes, woods, or wastes!'&jc.° pastures, by and With the assent of the major part in number with a Sent of and value of the owners of tenements to which a right of com* major part of mon of pasture therein did then belong, or by any other per-wnewof son or persons, body politick or corporate, by and with the af- tenemen"» sent of the owner or owners of such wastes, woods, and pastures, and the major part in number and value of the owners of such tenements; such inclefores shall be deemed and adjudged to be deemed to be as legally mode, and are hereby eftaUished and confirmed a« legal as if in like manner, as if the major part in number and value of major part of the occupiers also of such tenements had thereunto afiented and aHbronftnted. agreed. '

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, where own-That where any owner of wastes, woods, or pastures, not hav- en of wastes, ing an estate in fee-simple therein, hath, before the passing of thisc- not.h*v'ad, agreed and aflettted to the making such indofures of any part at his said wastes, woods, or pastures, for the purposes a- shall have a. foresaid, and the recompence to be paid to such owner is by greed to in* grant of fomt annuity, but the same is not in the deed of agree- closure».meat made a charge upon, or eftptttfed to be iffiting out of the said ground or foil so indosed, or any other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as by the said recited act is required; such the ncom-annuity so granted shall be deemed and taken to be a rent-charge pence to be issuing out of the said ground or foil so indosed; and the said deemed a

agreement shall be as good, effectual, and binding, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been so expressly men- the foil, ttoned and granted in and by the said deed.

VIII. And whereas matey persons have omitted to cause affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed ju the proper office, of the aShtal execution of several contrasts in writing entered into by them to same as clerks to aitomies or follititors within the time in which the same ought to have been fane; and many infants end ethers may thereby incur 'certain disabilities: for preventing thereof and relieving fitch persons, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person person, wj, 0 who, at the time of passing this act, shall have neglected or have omitted omitted to cause any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid to be to make and made and filed, and who, on or before the twenty-fifth day of "ie, daaf* r December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, shall cause clerks to atone or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to tornies and be filed in such manner as the same ought to have been made foilicitors, in and >filed in due time, shall be, and is hereby indemnified,ju.e'"!* freed, and discharged from and against all penalties, forfeitures, same by5 incapacities, and aifabilities, -in or by any act or acts of parlia- Dec. 1770, blent mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by rea- indemnified son of such neglect or otnilfion; and every such affidavit and agamftthepe-affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or^', r^) or before the Olid twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven

hun«

326 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 43. [1769.

hundred and seventy, shall be as effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the respective times the same ought, by the laws now in being for that purpose, to have been made and filed.

Persons sued And be itiurther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

may plead the in cstfe any action, suit, bill of indictment, or information, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against any person or persons herein before meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any forfeiture, penalty, incapacity, or disability whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by any such neglect or omission or if any action shall be brought against any person or persons for any matter or thing done by virtue or in execution of this act; the defendant or defendants respectively shall General issue. and*7 plead the general issue, and upon their defence give*this act, and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action shall discontinue the same, or become nonsuit; or if judgement shall be given against such plaintiff; then the defendant or defend-Treble cofU. ants in every such action shall recover treble costs of suit*

CAP. XLIII.

An act for repealing the duties upon bast or fir aw> chip, cane* and horsehair hats and bonnets, and upon certain materials.for making the same, imported into this kingdom* and for granting other duties in lieu thereof % and for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent importation of fitch goods.

Preamble, re- X WHEREAS by an act made in the seventh year of his Ma-citing aft jeftfs reign* intituled An act for granting to his Majesty 7 Geo. 3. additional duties upon bast or straw, chip, cane, and horsehair hats and bonnets, and upon certain materials for making the same, imported into this kingdom, a new duty of six shillings was hid upon every dozen of bast or Jlraw* chip, cane, and horsehair hats and bonnets \ and a new duty of six shillings was also laid upon every pound weight avoirdupoize of platting, or other manufacture of bast or straw, chip* cane* or horsehair, to be used in or proper for making of hats or bonnets, to be imported into this kingdom, over and above all other duties imposed thereon: and whereas, fence the laying of the said new duties, great quantities of the said goods have been clandestinely and fraudulently imported and run into this kingdom, to the diminution of the public revenue* and the discouragement of the fair traders: and whereas bast or Jlraw hats are rated in the book of rates referred to by the.act of tonnage and poundage made in the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, and plat, called Bermudas plat* for nets, and jhavings for hats* are also rated in the additional book of rates referred to by an act of the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First; but the other articles herein before enumerated* not being rated in either of the said books jf rates, or by any other act of parliament, the duties granted by former acts upon such unrated articles, are payable according to the value sworn to, or

Anno undecimo Georgii III. 323

affirmed by, the importers; which by experience has teen found to be very unequal, from the various values fixed by the importers on the same species of goods: notv, for remedy thereof, and to put tie- trade upon a more equal foot, may it pleaseymr Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and

by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty* After 94 June*, fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, 1770, the du-the said new duties imposed by the said recited act of the seventh tjhere fnen-year of his Majesty's reign as aforesaid, and all other rates and JJJ. rePca1-duties now payable by virtue 6f any other act or acts of parliament, upon bast or straw, chip, cane, and horsehair hats or bonnets, and upon platting, or other manufactures of bast or straw, chip, cane, and horsehair, to be used in or proper for mak- ing of hats or bonnets, imported into this kingdom, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable for the same*

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and old sub-in lieu of the said former rates and duties repealed by this act, fidy to be paid all bast or straw, chip, cane, and horsehair hats and bonnets, r^esfollow-which, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one ingj vj2. thousand seven hundred and seventy, shall be imported or brought into this kingdom, shall be rated to and pay the old subsidy granted by the act: of tonnage and poundage made in the twelfth for halt or

year of the reign of King Charles the Second, according to the bonnets not

rates and values of twelve shillings and six-pence for every dozen,

each hat or bonnet not exceeding twenty-two inches in diamc- ter, x*s. 6d/

ter; and one pound five shillings for every dozen of such hats, per doz.

or bonnets as shall exceed twenty-two inches in diameter each; and, exceed-

and all platting, or other manufactures of bast or straw, chip,

cane, or horsehair, to be used in or proper for making of per d02*5

hats or bonnets, which, frooiNand after the said twenty-fourth and for plat- x

day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, shall be ting.&c. 6 s.

so imported or brought into this kingdom, shall be rated to, and

pay the said old subsidy, according to the rate and value of fix*volr

shillings and eight pence for every pound weight avoirdupois and after those rates, for any greater or left quantity of such goods respectively.

III. And be it Further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Goods herein in all cases where any of the said goods herein before enumerat- before enu/ ed were] before the making this act, subject or liable to the merated, payment of the further subsidy, one third subsidy, two thirds subsidy, the additional impost, the additional duty on French

goods* the ftibfidy one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, or any of them, according to the respective values set thereon for the said old subsidy, or in proportion thereto; the same to pay proper# shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one tionably ac* thousand seven hundred and seventy, be paid proportionably, cord»ng to according to the particular rate or value herein before respect- fct

jvely set thereon for the old subsidy, and not according to any thereon for Vox* XXVIII. £ ... former old subsidy*

granted lame

mad the powers and penal ties of the said

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 43; ^1769.

fprtner rate or value; any thing in any other act to, the contrary notwithstanding.

Duties, &e. to

IV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several subsidies, impositions, and duties, upon the the acts which goods herein before mentioned, shall be r^ifed, levied, edited the leded, paid, and applied^ in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such discounts, allowances, and drawbacks, as are mentioned and expressed in the several acts of parliament which granted or continued the same respectively: and all powers, penalties, provisions, articles, and dauses, therein contained, shall acts extended4 continue in full force and effect, and shall be aoplied, practised, to this act and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, paying, and applying the said respective subsidies, impositions, and other du-tiei, according to the true intent and meaning of this present act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said clauses, matters, and things, had been repeated and enacted in the body of this present act, jShumersted V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the goods now re- authority aforesaid, That such of the goods herein before enu-maining in the merated, as shall be now remaining in any warehouse under the Su^s under K*ng>s tocks, where the said goods were lodged immediately up-proviso in ad on landing, in pursuance of the proviso for that purpose in the 7 Geo. 3. before recited act made in the seventh year of his Majesty's subject to the reign, shall be subject and liable to the duties and regulations same regula- herein before mentioned, in the tame manner sis if the said goods had been imported after the said twenty-fourth day of June,4 Junet ir>o* one thousand seven hundred and seventy; and upon the owner pwner mak- or proprietor making a post entry for such goods, and paying, ing a post within the space of three months from the commencement*& thereof, €f this act, into the hands of the collector of his Majesty's cuf-in 3 months. totns for port where such goods shall be- secured, so much money as, together with the duties before paid upon the importation of such goods, will be equal to the duties imposed by this act thereon, the said goods shall and may be delivered up to hini or them to be disposed of as by law they may; but in case such entry shall not be made, and the duties paid as aforesaid, within the said space of three months from and after the commencement of this act, then it shall and may be lawful for the of such entry6 of of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of y them, to cause the said goods to be brought to any warehouse belonging to his Majesty, and publickly sold by auction to the best advantage; and after deduding the charges of such tale, to apply the produce thereof to the customs and duties herein before mentioned; and the overplus, if any, to be paid to the returning the owner or proprietor of such goods} any thing in the before-re-overp us. cited^to t^c contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-See That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one not to be*thousand seven hundred and seventy, no bast or draw, chip, cane,

4 V

so much as will make up the duties hereby imposed,

Soods tube elivered up to him.

and payment,

the same may be sold by, aiiftion.

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 43; 329

or horsehair hats of bonnets, or any platting or Other manufafc- brought into tures herein before mentioned to be used in or proper for making of fitch hats or bonnets, shall be imported or brought into any gf { part of Great Britain, except into the port of London only, -upon any pretence whatsoever; nor shall any such goods be imported nor thire* in, or brought into the port of London* unless the same shall be lef$ quantity'packed in bales or tubs, each of which bales or tubs shall con-'than 75 does* tain seventy-five dozen of such hats or bonnets, or two hundred j^1*|^for and twenty-four pounds weight avoirdupois of such platting or ©ras+lb. wt. other. manufactures at the lead respectively; and in-case any of platting, such goods fhsdl be imported or brought into any other port or &c. place within this kingdom, except in the port of London* or shall be fotind on boarfhany ship or vessel coming of arriving from any foreign parts, either at anchor, or hovering within the limits of any port of this kingdom, or within two leagues of the shore, or shall be discovered to have been within the limits of any- such port, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable necessity and distress of weather, of which necessity and difirefs the master, puffer, '

Or other person, having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice to, and make prpbf of, be- ,

fore-the collector or other chief dfficer of the customs of such

port as aforesaid, immediately after the arrival of such ship of j

vessel into the said portj or if any such goods shall be imported ot \

brought into the port of London, in any other form or manner, ' j

or in any left quantity or package than is herein before mentioned and allowed. 5 in each and every such case, such goods fb°n fortotus* imported, or found on board any ship or vessel, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, together with the pack- pac|ta-ei age containing the same goods, or the value thereof, shall be for-'*j

feited, whether bulk shall then have been broken or not; and*?* al!'>0ct* the ship or vessel in which such goods shall be so imported found as aforesaid, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, ', 0 t0ni bur-Shall also be forfeited and lost, provided such ship or vessel doth (ben not exceed the burthen of fifty tba&; and such ship, ' veffW, or to be.pw&> goods, shall and may be seised and prosecuted by any officer or coted add di« officers of his Majesty's customs, and, after condemnation, dif- yided «3i-posed of and 'divided in the same manner as other forfeited"7 goods, and ships or vessels not exceeding fifty tons burthen, are' directed to be seised, prosecuted, disposed of, and divided by an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, Act j Gce.$. intituled An act for the further improvement of his Majesty's revenue of customs; end for the encouragement of officers making feifures', and for the prevention of the clandestine running of goods into any part of his Majesty's dominions.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Lfwlta^n That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any per- a5?0* son or persons for any thing by him or them done or executed ip pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in such'action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this General issue, ad and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had

330 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 44. [1769.

thereupon, and that" the same vfras done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if afterwards averdi<ft shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuitedv or discontinue his, her, or their action or*prosecution, onfridgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise; then such defendant or dc-Treble costs, fendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them, against»such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

[Preamble.]

After June

17 70, ^trader using false weights and (cases in weighing his dock, in.

fraud of the duties.

forfeits 1001.

Offender not tobepunished twice for the Am offence.

3*

CAP. XLIV.

An act for more effectually preventing traders in exciseablo commodities from using false weights aftd fcaies*and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relate ing to hackney coaches and chairs.

WHEREAS several traders, subject to the survey of the officers attainted by the tommjfmers of excise, are severally required by the laws concerning the duties under tht management of the said commissioners, to keep just and sufficient fcaies and weights, at the place or places where they carry on their respective trades, to be used in taking the account of the flocks of such traders: and whereas, tie penalties in those lews provided, hove by experience been found ineffet\ualy and not sufficient to restrain the using false weights and Jcales9 in regard the duties of one weighing oftentimes amount to more than the forfeiture incurred; whereby same ill-disposed persons have been encouraged to make use of false, unjust, and insufficient fcaies and weights, to the great diminution of the revenue, and to the discouragement of the fair trader: for remedy whereof may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted\ and be it enacted by the thing's most excellent msyefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if at any time after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy, any trader, subject to the survey of any officer of excise, and required by the laws concerning the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise to keep sufficient and just fcaies and weights, shall, in the weighing his, her, or their (lock or docks, make use of, or cause, or procure, or suffer to be used, any false, unjust, or inefficient fcaies or weights, to the intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties by the said laws respectively granted y. that then, and in every such case, the party or parties offending, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence.

II. Provided always, That such offender, who shall be prosecuted for the penalty by this act given, shall not be again prosecuted for the same offence by any former aftj and that such offender who shall be prosecuted for the penalty given by any former act, shall n6t be prosecuted again for the same offence.

'iffy! Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 44.- 33 i

1fence, by virtue of this present act, or any thing herein contained.*.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalties to be

: That the penalties by this act imposed shall and may be sued recovered, &c.

for, recovered, levied, and mitigated by any such ways and'^tw*

means and pethods, as any penalty or forfeiture imposed by9£

any of the laws of excise may be sued for, recovered, levied, -ana mitigated; and that one moiety of such penalties and for- and to be ap* feitures mall be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc- P!*cjJ*>alf to reflors, and the other moiety for the use of such person or half tome* persons that shall inform or sue for the same. informer.

IV. And whereas, by a dause contained in an act passed in the 7 Qco.^seventh year of his present Metjtflfs reign* intituled An act for

altering the stamp duties upon policies of assurance; and for reducing the allowance so be made in respect to the prompt payment of the stamp duties on licences for retailing beer,

?le, and other excitable liquors; and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs; it was enacted* that every jobb-coach licensed at the head office of excise in London, which should be driven or lett to hire on private contract within the cities of London and Westminster, or the suburbs thereof or within the weekly bills of mortality* for any time longer than one month, without having the ex-life number or mark fined under the foot-hoard of every such coach9 the same should he deemed and adjudged a coach driven or let to hire9 contrary to the act therein before mentioned* made in the ninth year if the reign of $)ueen Anne; and the person so letting or driving for hire as aforesaid, is made liable to the like penalty, as any person or persons who should drive or let to hire by the hour*, day* or otherwise* any hackney coach or coach-horses, within the places therein mentioned* without leave or licence from the commissioners for regulating and litenfing hackney coaches and chairs* were then by taw liable unto: and whereas many monyeniencies may arise from putting the said clause strictly into execution; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Clause la reday of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy, the said cited aft re* clause mall be, and the same is hereby repealed. .^pealed.

V. And whereas* by another clause contained in the said act passed in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign* it is enabled* That in every case where any person* for any of the offences mentioned in any law relating to the licensing and regulating of hackney-coaches and chairs, shall be liable to be committed to prison* it should and might be lawful for the said of* or any three or more if them* either to commit such offender to prtfon in manner and for the time therein prescribed* or* by warrant under their hands and feah* to commit such offender to his Majesty's workhouse if Bridewell in London, or some other house of correction* there to be kept to bard labour for any time* at the iiferetion of the said commissiomrs* not exceeding one month; ani also to receive the correction of the said house*Af the said commijjwners shall" so think jit tiprjer; and whereas a doubt has arisen* whether the said of

CtfmmUKon-

tohard labour, and the cor*

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 44J 11?^9*

have to fowbr, undlf the said recited clduse, to commit 'offenders ta Btidfipell, fr- ony other, house tf cortediou, mmediately upon such offenders being cotmifled before them; which power would be very beneficialin ma/tpitefiantos to, the pstbScie 'be it therefore

__________ finadted bjy the authority aforesaid, That from-and after the

mmay"corn- pa (ling of th^(a^, it.shall and may be lawful for the said commit offender* npfliooecs, 01; any three or, -more, of them, in all cases-where 'm?eAatelX they may now, by law, commit any offender convicted before iaLondfm'&r them.tp Bridewell or any other house of correction, to commit \*"such offender, for such-offence whereof he shall be so convicted

' before them, by warrant under, theic hands and seals, immediately to his Majesty's said wtorkbeufe of Bridewell in handle, or some other house of correction j -there to be kept to hard labour for any time, at die discretion of the said commission-$rs, not exceeding one month, and also to receive the correction of the region of the* few house, 4f the said commUfioners shall so b006* think fit to order.

Licenced per-

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, son refusing That from and after the passing of this act, every person li-to appear up- censed by the said- sommissioners, er the major part of them* 00 summons, to carry or let for hire axhackoey.-chair, wha shall beglect or refute (being dplyfumn)one4fefe that purpose) to appear front fime to time before the-feid commissioners in person,: or by his

!>r. her renter, upon any complaint mtdp, without fomerea* onable ejfcufe to* be approved of.by the said of, shall, for every such offence*'forfeit thp sum of ten shillings; apd if any such person licienfed as aforesaid shall neglect or re-and refusing to fofe to appear, together with- his or her renter, before the said appear, with of upon the third summons, without such reason-T(ter*00 excuse as aforesaid, it shall-and may be lawful for the said raons. com- commissioners, or the major part of them, -to hear and deter-missioner*' -mine, the said complaint, notwithstandurg theabfenceof the may deter- parfy offending, upon thp oath of one, or more credible witness tjiine com- or witnesses, and to impose upon such licensed person or renter the penalty or forfeiture due to such offence, natty.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the offences mentioned in, and intended to be proem or justices vided against by the said recited act, or by this present act, (half buy dertr. and may be heard and determined, and at| and every the for-and^ ffa'"* fixtures and penalties thereby inflisted, shall and may be reco-tmniflimfntf vere^ an<* iev'e^»^ not only by his Majesty's of for r' regulating and licensing hackney-coaches and chairs* or the

major part of them* but also. by any justice of the peace, mayor, bailiff* or other magistrate of the county, city, or place, whfre such 'offence or offences shall be committed, by

said are

forfeits 10 $.

Wiiyiu IHVU vuvitwc Ui UUVffVEf 1114*1 W

- such ways and means as the penalties and forfeitures in the I jAnn*/ aft* fJn^e the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne,

directed to be levied and recovered.

VIII. And whereas great neglect or default lath been made if transmittingx to the receiver-general of the revenue arising bj beet-pqr coaches and chairst his Majesty's part, of the penalties which

I 1769.il Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. 333

{ bartfbeen levied by justices of the peace, hr other magiftrdtes, in

pnrfimce -of the several offs and hye-laws made, relating te hackney-codches and chairs: be it therefore enacted by the authority mf Majesty't

1 aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June part of all pe-

1 'One thousand seven hundred and sevenry, his Majesty's part of nalde* to be

all penalties which shall be levied by any justice of the peace, transmitted, to

1 mayor, bailiff, or other magistrate, in pursuance of this or any j^radof wefe

1 other act, or any of the bye-laws made relating to hackney- duties,

coaches and chairs, shall from time to time be transmitted by him or them to the receiver-general of the said revenues anting by hackney-coaches and chairs, and ahb a certificate there- and certificate of to the said of for licencing and regulating the thereof to the same, within ten days after the levying any such penalty or

penalties, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds; one IO days, moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc- on penalty cessors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that will of9b inform, qr sue forth fob the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act,

the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit. shall and

may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special General

matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the authority of this act: and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action or actions, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them upon demurrer or otherwise) then* such defendant or defendants shall have-treble colt$ Treble costs*

awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLV.

An act to prevent the further spreading of the contagious disorder among the horned cattle in Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for indemnifying all persons with reciting act respect to advising or carrying into execution his Majesty's of thisfeljioiu orders dfcouncil, made for-preventing the spreading of a contagious distemper amongst the horned cattle, and for rendering the time valid and effectual, and for preventing suits in confluence thereof, and to authorize the continuing, extending, and executing the same for a further time, his Majesty is im-powired, by and with the advise of his privy council, to continue and extend Ins orders issued in council, bearing date the /event h and fourteenth and twenty-fecund days of December, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-ntne, for preventing the spreading the, jflid contagion, to all such counties and plates in Great Britain, and all other his Majesty's dominions thereunto belongings or any part or flirts thereof, as his Majesty, in his great wisdom, shall judge most

34 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1769.

expedient and effectual to prevent the [priding fitch infectious distemper and it is also in and by the said act provided that the continuation of the said powers, authorities, rules, orders, smm/ r^-gulations) or any of them, which are thereby before confirmed, be repea\ed9 abridged, or Jbortened, and also that the same, tf/zy

them? may be enlarged^ altered, and varied) by any other act or acts to be made in this present fission of parliament: and whereas a contagious difiemper has raged for some time pafl, and fill continues to rage amongst the horned cattle in several parts of Europe; from whence it is apprehended that the same has been9 and may hereafter{ be brought into tbt kingdom of Great Britain and islands thereto belonging) unless some effectual means are used for prevention thereof: tie it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advicp and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, 'and commons-in this present parliament assembled. His Majesty and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be smpowered to lawful to and for the King's most excellent Majesty, his heirs Foh|k*the and successors, from time to time, as often as he or they shall por on or gn<j^necessary so to do, by his or their royal proclamation, to be issued by and with the advice of his or their privy council, or by his or their order in council, to be published in the London Gazette) to prohibit generally, or from any particular country or countries, or from the isles of Alderney, Jersey, Guernsey) or any of the islands or dominions belonging to Great Britain, the importation of any cattle, or of any manner of hides or skins, horns or hoofs, or any other part of any cattle or beast, or any hay, straw, litter, fodder, package, or any other things that have been or may be employed abput infected cattle, or the hides, or any other part of such cattle, or

- have been in or near any places where there has. been any

where^ornear such insection, and are liable to retain the same, into the king-whereto, there doms of Great Britain^ or Ireland, or into any of the islands or wft en^ny dominions thereto betotaging; and also the exportation of any, n*<m!f lucK cattle or things aforesaid, from or out of the same, or prohibkAe any P*1 thereof coastWife, or into any other parts, for such time or times, to be tnerqjn mentioned, and with such powers and authorities to magistrates, constables, inspectors, officers, and others nominated or appointed in that behalf, for flopping, feising, or destroying such prohibited things upon any such importations and exportations as aforesaid, with like authority in that behalf, as any officer and officers have by any law now

cittle, hides.

from places

exportation thereof coast-wile,

under like powers of ieizure, &c. as in the case

ofuncustomed in being in cases of prohibited and upcustomed goods; and

jgoocU, See,

personal actions, See. commenced for acts done

tinder such rules, orders, and regulations, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by the advice aforesaid, shall judge most Expedient and effectual to prevent any contagious distemper from being 'brought into these kingdoms, or spread in any part thereof; any law, Statute, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding,

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That all personaj ^ftions and fuifs, ihdiftmerits, informations, and all profecu-lions and proceedings whatsoever^ which have been 'or shall be

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45! 335

SecUted or commenced against any person or persons, for or by; n obedience reason of any act, matter, or thing, advised, commanded, ap- to orders in pointed, and done by virtue of any order or orders issued by council, Ndif-his Majesty in council in relation to the prepiisles, or of any charSed* contract or agreement not performed by means of or in obedience to such order or orders of couneii, be» are, and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this act; and that if any Defendant in action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of England may Great Britain called England, against any person or persons for plead the any such act, matter, or thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or such contract or agreement not performed, he, she, or they, may plead the general issue, andgive Generalise* this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action or suit so to be commenced or pro- ,

fecuted, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (half and may recover double costs, an(j '

and shall have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant double costs. or defendants hath or hftve in other cases by law 5 and if any such action, prosecution or suit as aforesaid, shall be com- extended menced or pursued in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to defenders or in the kingdom of Ireland, the respective court before whom in Scotland* such action, prosecution or suit shall be commenced or pur- IrcUAd, Axed, shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow to him his double costs of suit in all such cases as aforesaid.

III. Andy for the better preventing the spreading of such in- His Majesty section, and putting a flop to the disorder % be it further enacted impowered to by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to orders and for the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs and cessors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, removal from time to time to make such provisions, rules, orders and of cattle, regulations, and to vary or repeal the same, as his Majesty in his great wisdom shall judge most expedient and effectual, in Great Britain, Ireland, and all other his Majesty's dominions thereunto belonging, or any part or parts thereof, for or concerning the driving and removing, or the prohibiting or preventing the driving and removing of any cattle infected or not infected with the said distemper, as the occasion may require, from or- out of any such. county, riding, division, hundred, parish or place, to any fair or market, or to any other such county, hundred, parish or place, as shall for that purpose be specified in such rules, orders or regulations; and for or con- amj buying cerning the buying up, seizing, or killing any such cattle for up, andkUling the fake of (topping o» preventing insection; and making rea- thereof, sonable satisfaction thereupon to the oyrner or owners of such and making cattle $ and for prohibiting the sale, disposition or other use of any such cattle as shall or may be infected with the said prohibit! distemper, or of any manner of hides or skins, horns or other ing the sale of

parts of such infected cattle $ and, also for destroying such fod- infected cat-f tie, hidcfj&c.

att& likewise

subsequent

orders.

33$ Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1769.

mnd destroy- der, J>tter and other things as have been used about or breath, ing fodder, ed upon by any infected cattle; and coneerning the washing, &c. cleansing, and otherwise purifying all (tables, out-houses,

5n^, Pur^y, nS yards, and other places where any (ueb cattle have been; and'*d th b' a ^orbe bur*a* °( any such beads as shall die of such in rial, and man- fe<&ous distemper, or be killed on account of or for the lake ner'of burial, (topping or preventing infedioo, and every part thereof,

ofbeafta dying^within such time, at such depth under ground, 10 fattened and of theinfec- flaked down, and in such manner in all respects as shall be uon' specified in such orders as aforesaid; any Statute, custom or

usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Orders inV. And whertas the said orders madefy his Majesty in toanell pouncil of 7, 'bearing date the seventh, the fourteenth, "and the twenty-second days «4..and ssDec. of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, fa con-7*9* prnted as aforesaid, have been found beneficial; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the same, and all the

iirovisions, powers, and authorities, rules, orders, and regu-re utm ations therein contained and inserted (except such and so much edwaltoed] of them, or any of them respectively as'his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at any time or times, shall, with the advice of his and their privy council, judge proper and expedient to re> pea], alter, or vary) shall be in force; and the same, and aho all such others, and fcch variations and additions, and for such further purposes as his Majesty in his great wisdom shall judge ipost expedient and effectual to put a (top to or prevent the spreading of such distemper, as shall be made by virtue of and in pursuance, and under the power and authority of this pre-to be obeyed, feat ad} shall be observed and obeyed by all his Majesty's sub-©n pain of, jeds under the penalty of ten pounds, inflicted and directed to sbi. for every be levied by this act, for each and every offence committed a-offence. gajnft the same.

Powers riven V. And it is hereby, further enacted and declared, That all

toib&riuratet and every the powers and authorities given by the aforesaid or-and officers dcf$ of council, or which shall be given by any subsequent order or orders of council, by virtue of the authority aforesaid, to justices of the peace and other magiftretes, and to of of the land tax, inspectors, and other officers appointed-In that behalf; shall be duly executed, and are hereby efta-declared valid, hlished and enacted, and declared to be as good and valid in the law, to all intents and purposes, during the continuance of the said order or orders, and of this act, as if the same were herein repeated and express enacted.

After4 June,

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the

1770, persons twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and wbO'fttall pre- seventy, all and every person and persons who shall, by force tr»esrSof- or threat8» intimidate, 'hinder, or prevent the said justices, (jeers from ex- magistrates, of, inspectors, officers, or other per-ecut ing such Tons nominated or appointed in that behalf, from- executing the "J said rules, orders, and regulations, or any of them, or from

performing their respective duties in relation thereto; or who-

shall enter into any agreement, combination, confederacy, at.

by such or

or4crtp

* who shall filter into

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 4$'.^$37

' fociation, or subscription, to &fobey the said order or orders ipcombuiation* <bunc5K or to defeat, hinder, «frr prevent the Execution' there* td dllbbey or of, shall forfeit and pay the fain Of fifty pounds; 5; to be jeco- defeat the vered -by bill, plaint, soft, dr ihformafiotV in any of his Majesty's courts or record at Westminsteri by any period of pOrfons ro f' who Ihadl inform and sue for the lame j to go and' be paid; to to the sole use and for the foie life and benefit of such penon or persons re- of the prose-spectivetyv with fiill costs of suit. enter.

VII. Andj to the end that all personss whom it map tantem, map Thit aft, and know bow to demean tbmfih/es in the premlfes, be it further e- the order* in xiadted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, and his Ma? to.b*

jetty's said orders in council, and such others as shall be made chnrrtstnntl in pursuance of this present act, shall be publickly read, im-> chape)*a*hia mediately after prayers, on such Sunday in every calendar Majesty (halt, month as the mhufter shall think proper, in all such parish appoint; churches, chapels, and other places set apart for divine worship, as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in council, shall tit any time hereafter direct hnd appoint in that behalf: and that'when and as often as his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, an(j ijkewifo shall make, any further rules, orders, and regulations, or shall robsequent vary or repeal the same by virtue of of in pursuance of this orders, act, every such rule, order, regulation, ' variation, and repeal,

shall be notified and published in such manner as his Majesty shall think proper, and shall be publickly read upon the next Sunday after the receipt of the lame, and on fuel} Sunday in every calendar month as the minister shall think proper, during the time such rules, orders, regulations, and variations shall continue in force, in such manner as aforesaid, within such counties, ridings, divisions, hundreds, parishes, and places as shall be specified in such rules, orders, regulations, variations, and repeals for that purpose; add every such Order, rule, re- ancj

fulation, variation, and repeal, together with this act, shall be den to be ept by the minister of every fuen parish church, chapel, or kept by the place, who shall permit any person redding within his parish, !" ?ho chapelry, or place, to read the same during the time such rule, hi8 pari&ioa-order, or regulation shall continue in force; and the church* en to read wardens or chapelwardens of every such parish of place shall the same, provide a printed copy of this act for the purposes aforesaid, at Churchwar- she expence of the parish or chapelry. - " videcop^of

VIII. Andy to prevent the difiemper amongsti the horded cattle tw. aft, being spread--and in&eased by tanners' and others- buying the tides parish ex* and skins of infeffed beash, it is hereby further enacted, Tjiat P-when the justices of the peace at their general quarter session, tertSfaM pr at any adjournment thereof. Within their respective counties, prohibit the ridings, and divisions, puffiiant to and during the continuance holding of of such ordtj or orders as aforesaid made in that behalf, shall fairs or mar* prohibit the bolding of any fair or fairs, market or markets, m"

for buying and selling of such homed cattle; "every tanner,

tawer, or dreflefr of bides and skins, shall, before he brings any raw hide or ikin' of any bulk ox, how, calf, steer, or -l^eifer into hiia taftyardj workhouse, 'warehoafe; bf place ufejf'. for

*338 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45J [1769.

Tanner See. for dressing'or manufacturing of hides or skins, give notice to to give notice the officer of excise of the diprift in which such tan yard or to excise of- dressing place is situated, and whose survey the said tanner, ficer in whose tawer, or dresser of hides shall be under and subject to for the tan^yards&c. t*me ^cinS* an.d Pr°duce to the said officer a certificate, under Is situated,the hand and ieal or bands and seals of one or more justice or and produce justices of the peace, or commissioner or of of the jan(j tax, rector or vicar, qualified as herein after mentioned,

|u i<*> specifying the colour of such hide or skin, the name and place colour!of the a^0(^c of owncF of such hide or skin, and that upon

iskin, and examination on oath of one or more credible person or per*

naipe and a- fons^ it appeared to the person or persons signing and sealing bode of the such certificate, that thp beast from which Such hide or skin t^"eSebtaft was ta^en was found, and free from any insection; which cer-it was taken tificate shall, by the said officer, be ehtered into a book to be from was free kept for that purpose: and if any tannery tawer, or dresser of from infec. hides or skins, during the continuance of this act, and of such Officer to cn orc^€r or or^ers as aforesaid, and in disobedieoce to the same, ter certificate. bring or liiffer to be brought into his tan yard or tan pits. Tanner, &c.' or other place used for dressing or manufacturing hides or negledHng, to skins, any such raw hide or skin, or shall'tan or dress, or ma* forfeit 10l. nufacture any such raw hide or skin, without giving such notice, and producing such certificate as aforesaid $ evety person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, as the several forfeitures are, by this act, directed tq be recovered, levied, and applied.

jxcise officer

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every or, to be permit- any of the officers of excise, acting and employed in anydi-t«d, on re- strict wherein any tan yard, workhouse or warehouse, or placq quest, to enter for dressing or jnanufacturing of hides or skins is situate and yard&c. bang, shall and ipay, during the continuance of this act, and of such ord^r or orders made as aforesaid by virtue and under

the authority of the same, at all times, by day of by night (and if in the night, then in the presence of a constable or o ther officer of the peace) be permitted, upon his or their request, to enter into any such tan yard, workhouse, warehouse, or place, in order to search for hides and skins suspected to be brought and conveyed into the same respectively, contrary to and against the tenor and true meaning of this act and of such orders as aforesaid; and then and there to search and examine, or cause to be searched or examined, any tan pit, fat, or other place where any such hide or (kin is suspected to be laid, hid,

101. penalty Put> or concealed: and if any tanner, tawer, or other person on obifructing or persons whatsoever, shall obflxuft or hinder any such officer bun. or officers in the execution of his or their duty, power, or authority given to, vested in, and required of hfm and themi respectively by this act, and any orders made in pursuance of the same; every person, so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted as aforesaid, Xhall, for every such offers, for-

339

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. 4 5*

feit and pay the funi or ten pounds; to be recovered, applied, and disposed of in manner herein after mentioned*,

X. And whereas it may become necessary to encourage and promote His Majesty the breeding of cattle, the number being at any time greatly decreased impowered to by such mortality, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in such case, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by advice of his privy council, to prohibit and forbid the*killing or slaughtering of cow calves in such counties and pla-and in such* manner, and at such times, as his Majesty

ces.

shall judge proper; and all amfevery person, offending against on penalty of such order and prohibition, shall forfeit and pay the Turn of 10 i, ten pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied; as other forfeitures by this act are to be recovered, levied, and applied.

*'XI And* to prevent any doubts which may drift in the Removal, &e. struction of this dfl, be it further enacted by the authority afore- of beast con-(aid* That the removal* driving, or sale Of every o* bull, trary to order, cow, calf, (leer, or heifer, ^contrary' to any such vrule, order, deemed or regulation, as aforesaid, shall be deemed a distinS and fe- fei^£*rAtC °*parate offence within the intent and meaning of this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding;

XII. And be it further enacted bjr thfe authority aforesaid, gvcry person That all and every the rules* orders* regulations, and varia- offending a-tiens, to be made by virtue and in pursuance of this act, are gainst any <M hereby required to be punctually observed and obeyed by all his <!er»c#° Majesty's subjects; and all and every person and persons whotor, 0*shall offend against any such rule, order, regulation, or variation^ and shall be thereof convicted in Great Britain or Irelandf by his, her, or their own confession, or by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice or justices of the peace for any county, riding, division, city, -liberty, or town corporate, where such offence or offences shall be committed (which justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to hear and determine the same, and to examine any witness or witnesses, upon oath, concerning the same) shall forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds; one moiety on© moiety to thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the informer, the parish where such-offepce shall be committed; to be levied the other to by the churchwardens, overseei? of the poor, constables, high p^rt*0^constables of the hundred, rape, or wapentake, or ope or ^vied di-more of them, by warrant or warrants under the hand and strefe. seal, or under the hahds and leals of the justice or justices of the peace who shall convict such offender, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender; rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner thereof; and for want of such For want distress, such offender shall be committed by such justice or ju- distress to be ftices to the common gaol or house of correction of such coun- committed for ty, riding, division, city, liberty, or town corporate, there to 3 months, remain for the space of three months, to be reckoned from the day of such commitment; and all hnd every person and per- persons offons who shall offend against any such rule, order, or regula- fending in any tien, tn any other of his Majesty's said dominions, shall be other of his.de«rwd, Majesty'i'l0*

34

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45?

769

minions, to be tfeemeci, adjudged, and taken so be guilty of agreat mtfdetnea- pamjhed ac- norf a^d bq prosecuted and puiuihcd by fine and imprifpnnnent ! ofagTof the* ^cording to the laws and ulage of the same dominions reipec-

place. Appeal may be made to the quarter-sessions, on giving fecu-rky#

lively.

XIII. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Jayful fey any peifoq. or persons who shall be convicted, before such justice, or justices of the peace as aforesaid, x>f any of the offepces against this act, to appeal from such conviction to the justices, of the ptaceat; their next general or quarter-fetSons to be hdden for the county, riding, division, cjty, liberty, or town corporate, in which such offences shall be committed $ be, (he, or they, giving immediate notice to such justice or justices of such intended appeal, and likewise giving security to the satisfaction of such justice, or justices, to pay all and every the penalties, and forfeitures to which he^ (he, or they, shall be liable by such con vision, sod the costs, charges, and expences of trying such appeal, in case such conviction shall be justices to de- affirmed; and the said justices,; ia their next general or tjuarter-l^ud order ^cons» are hereby authorised and required, to hear, try, and finally deteim'me the same, upon the merits of the caufo, and examination of witnesses on oath; and to order colts to be paid*as shall be just, if they, shall think it reasonable so to do.

except it fall

XIV. Provided nevertheless. That if it. shall appear, to the said ppearthere j^dices, that there was not sufficient time* between such con-to givenotice vision and such quarter-sessions, to give notice to all parties to to parties), attend such appeal; that then, it shall, and may he lawful for in which case, such justices to adjopm |be hearing thereof.to: their next subse-it shall be ad- nUent general or quarter-sessions, at which they are hereby re-nextquarrer- twlted to bear, try, and finally-determine the same: and in case'- there shaft be.no determination on the said appeal at such next

or subsequent general or quarter-sessions, the judgement and conviction of t|ie justice or justices shall stand.and be in full force; apd no writ of Cfrfi*Wh or any Other proccjs whatsoever shall be allowed, to rem°v^ the coriviltion'or order of sessions, or any other proceedings thereupon; into any of-his Majesty's courts of record at Wtjiminfitr % or of his Majesty's courts of great Session in the principality of tVfUi, Or, thtcountfes palatine.

XV. And be it further coalbed, by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices of the peace, if he or they shall be informed that any person or persons can give any evidence relating to any of the offences aforesaid, to summon such person or persons.to appear before him or them, and to examine such person ori persons on oath, in relation thereunto; and in case such person or persons (hah refuse or neg-mwiffuehU*to appear pursuant to such summons, then such justice or warrant; jufiicesshall issue out his or their warrant or warrants for ap-nd, on refu- prehendiDg.and bringing (jich. person or persons before him or faUobe wca- them > and in case, such person or persons shall refuse to be ex-mav teeomnl'ne^ uP°h oath, to commit such persons to the common jtff,gaol or house ofcorreiStton for such county, riding, division, city, liberty, or town corporate, (here to remain for the space of

one

sessions.

If no determination at such adjournment, judgement to be in force.

No Certiorari.

Justices may lummori and examine wit-neflesonoath.

on refafal to

tj Anno undecimo Georgii III. £.4$ 34'x

one month, or until he* she, or they, shall fubtnrt to be exatrt-ined as aforesaid; and in case of any appeal to the general or

i quartev-sessions, to compel such person or persons to enter into'a recognisance, with condition to appear at the said general or^quarter-sessions, and to give evidence upon the (rial of such*

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Conviction* to / That for the more easy and speedy con vising of any person or persons, who shall offend against this ad, or any orders fog form.

made under- the authority of the same, it shall be sufficient for any justice or justices of the peace, who shall convict any person or persons of -any or either of the said offences, to draw ? such conviction in the following form of words, as the case shall happen, or in any other form of words to the same effect (that J is to say)

IfidAbftx. B is tomnSHiy on htst bert or tint own ctnsession,

JLX. (or on the oath of) of bating in this kingdom^ (specifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed.)

Given under my (or our) band and real (or hands and ftals) this day of

which said conviction, in (he same or like form of words, shall be good and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes, and shall not be quashed, let slide, or adjudged void or inefficient, ' for want of any other form of words whatsoever; and in case of appeal as aforesaid, the justice or justices who shall convict such' offender or offenders, is and are hereby required to deliver, or'focafeofap. cause to be delivered, the conviction, in the form aforesaid, to peal, justice the next general or quarter*sessions to which the appeal is made, "j!*iainSto

there to be filed on record.

viction tonext

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, quarter-fef-That the justices of the peace within the respective limits of t heir Cons, commissions, at their general or quarter-sessions, or the major

part of them then and there assembled, within that part of Great allow salaries Britain called England, shall have full power and authority, and toinfpedors, they are hereby required to order such reasonable salaries and charges as they Shall- think proper, to be paid to any inspector or ino»nnerpre. inspectors, or other person or persons already employed or ap- (bribed bjr pointed say the justices of the peace, or hereafter to be employed or appointed by the justices of the peace, or the of of the land tax, -to prevent the spreading of such distemper amongst the cattle, out of tfae monies arisen or hereafter to arise by virtue of an act of parliament passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, intituled An off for Ad i*Gee.«. (be mtptoafy affefjing, tofleBing, and levying county rates.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the of Commission-of the land-tax for the tirte being in and for every county, riding, or divisioit, and who have or shall -qualify themselves to adJuld "*

as

34. Anno undecimo Georgii III. C.&: £17*595

(cxctept for as such rtfpedlively, are hereby impowered tod requited to put ^worto°r: cu^on and every the powers and authorities given to which°areW0# of of the land tax by this act, or by any order or counties of orders in council purfuint to the same (except the commission-tfiemfelve*) ers of the land tax within the county of Middlesex* and all cities ^acted to to^rns which are Counties of thechTelves) in as full and am-rat tbh act in P^e wanner as the justices of the peace may do within the same, execution. XIX. And, to prevent the spreading of such infectious distemper

by persons buying up cattle in ihfected places, and soon after disposing of the same in places free from the insection, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and in disobedience or contrary to the orders and regulations made, or.which shall.bere-Ko person to after be made by his Majesty in council as aforesaid; be it en-feU any living acted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said °h* tih h twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and £e-been MtTpnH venty»no Person whatsoever by himself, his servant or agent, dur-perty 40 days j Ing the continuance of this ao, and contrary to any rulevordeiy regulation or prohibition made or to be mide in that.behalf as aforesaid in purftiance and by virtue of this present act, shall fell dr dispose of any living ox, bull, cow, calf, (leer or heifer, until the same shall have been the property of such person for the term of forty days at lead.; and during the continuance of such orders as aforesaid, in proof of such property, the feller shall produce a certificate under the hand of the person of whom such ox, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer was lad bought or purch&fed, signifying the time when he purchased the same; and every person who shall sell or dispose of any ox, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer, without producing such certificate, and shall be thereof convicted by his, her, or their own conisession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any judice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty or town corporate where the offence shall be committed, shall, on penalty of for every such ox, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer, so fold or difib 1. posed or during the continuance of and contrary to such orders and regulations as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the sum of ten unless be shall pounds; unless such person shall by himself, his agent or fer-prove, on vant, make oath before the said judice or judices (which oath oath, that the t^e said judice or judices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) that the said ox, buff, cow, calf, deer or heifer has been his property for more than forty days; the said forfeiture to be adjudged, levied and recovered in iiich manner as is herein after directed to be levied and recovered; one moiety of the said forfeiture to be given to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the pariflt where the offence shall be committed.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, on giving, or That Every person who shall, from and after the said twenty-knowingly re- fourth day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy, ceiying, a faife and during the continuance of and contrary^to such orders and certificate. regulations as aforesaid, fell dr dispose of any ox, bull, cow, calf, freer or heifer, and shall give a faife or untrue certificate of the

time

and producing a certificate, signifying the time when he bought the fane,

same hath been his property more than 40 days.

One moiety of penalty to informer, the other to the poor.

101. penalty -- — or

1

343

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45.

time of the sale of such cattle, and every person who shall accept of such false or untrue certificate, knowing the fam$ to be such, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; to be adjudged, levied, recovered, and disposed of in the mahner herein after directed.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, dur- Drover to give ing the continuance of any rules, orders or regulations made or to be made in that behalf as aforesaid, if any drover, or person of beafbfick-or persons driving and conducting horned cattle from one place ening on the to another, shall find any bead or beads in his drift sicken upon road» the road, so as to be unable to proceed forward in their journey; such drover, or person or persons driving such horned cattle, shall forthwith give notice thereof to the constable, head borough or

churchwarden, of the parilK or place wherein such bead or beads shall sicken, in order that the same may be dain and buried in manner as aforesaid, if deemed to be ill of the didemper now raging amongd the horned cattle, or of any infectious disease, in the opinion of the officer of such parish or place so summoned, and of two other substantial inhabitants of the said parish or place, whom the said officer is hereby impowered, by a note in writing under his hand, to summon to his affidance; and in case any drover, or person or persons driving horned cattle, shall fail herein, or shall conceal, or drive out of the way, without giving such notice, any such sick bead or beads, contrary to the true intent, and meaning of this act, and in disobedience to any rules or orders made by virtue thereof as aforesaid, he or they so offending shall forfeit and pay ten pounds to the uti of the on penalty of poor of fu?h parish or place wherein such bead or beads shall be 10*found lick or dead; to be levied on his or their goods and chat- tobe levied by tels, by warrant under the hand and seal of any judice of the peace of the county, riding, division, liberty, city or town corporate, wherein such drover, 'or person or persons driving such horned cattle, shall be taken 5 and in case of nonpayment, such drover or person or persons shall be committed to the common \obe n- gaol of such county, Shire, dewartry, riding, division, liberty, committed, city or town corporate, there to remain, without bail or main-prize, for the space of six calendar months, or until he or they diall have paid the said penalty.

XXII. And9 for preventing persons felting any horned cattle before No person to they have been in their possession forty days9 contrary to such orders and fell any living regulations as aforesaid> it is hereby etiacted, That no person or ?*» ^cjdur-persons during the continuance of any such orders and regula- thfuance of- tiens to the contrary as aforesaid, shall fell or dispo'fe of any liveordfr to the ox, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer, vmless he or they shall, be- contrary, fides hisj her, or their compliance with such directions as aforesaid, likewise first obtain a certificate under the hand and seal of without pro-some judice of the peace! or commissioner of the land tax, speci- Per certificate fying the colours, and number of beads so intended to be sold,

and the parish, township or place from whence the same are floner of the brought or intended to be carried in order for sale, and the name land tax, or names, place or plages of abode of the owner or owners there-Vol. XXVIII, 'A a 'of.

4+ Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1769.

af, and that it appears to such justice or commissioner, upon examination on the oath of one or more credible witness or wit-Defies, that the beasts contained in such certificate have been and produc- the property and in the possession of fuph person or persons for anV iving1^ forty ^ays ')e^ore date fa, d certificate 5 and every

atteifed copy person felling any ox, bull, cow, calf, steer or heifer, by virtue*thereof. of such certificate, shall produce the same, and give a true copy thereof, attested by two or more credible witnesses, to the per-pl- son or persons buying such beasts $ and every person felling any

erandfeller* ox* bull, cow» weer or beifer w^hout obtaining such certi-where certifi- ficate, and every person buying the same without receiving a true cate is not copy thereof attested as aforesaid, during the continuance of, and produced. contrary to, such orders as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum often pounds for every ox, bull, cow, calf, steer and heifer bought or sold contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied and disposed of as is herein after directed to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied and disposed of '

Justicefufpea.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, mgany person That if one or more justice or justices of the peace mall suspect any person of buying, felling or driving any ox, bull, cow, calf, orders*°* steer or heifer, or or taking, off the hide from any infected ox,

' bull, cow, calf, steer or heifer which shall die of the said distem-'per, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and the rules, orders, and regulations made or to be made as aforesaid by his Majesty in council in pursuance thereof, or of not burying any ox, bull, cow, calf, steer or heifer, contrary to this act, and orders made in pursuance of the same; it shall and may be may summon lawful for such justice or justices to summoa such person to ap-him to appear. pear before him or them at a reasonable time to be prefixed m Proof of com- ihch summons; and the proof of complying with the directions'pliancetobe of this act, and orders made or to be made as aforesaid, shall on the party. ]ie on the party so summoned; and if such person shall neglect On nonap- or refuse to'appear before such justice or justices (proof being pearance, or made upon oath of his or their being duly summoned) or shall for want of not make it out to the satisfaction of him or them that he or she formity, C°n- bas fully conformed himself or herself to this adit, rules, and or-to be deemed ders as afore^a^ > such person shall be deemed and taken to be convicted and duly convicted of the offence or offences for which he shall be-suffer the pe- so summoned, and incur the several penalties and forfeitures in-naitie8 inflidl- fli&ed by this act, to he levied, recovered, and adjudged, in A lication of manner as ls ^ere*n a^ter mentioned; one moiety of the said forth^ penalty. future to be paid to the oveffeer of the poor, and applied to the use of the poor of the parish where such person dwells; and the other moiety to the treasurer of the county, riding, or division, to be made part of the county flock, or, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to such person, and for such purposes, as the justices in their general quarter-sessions shall direct and appoint.

XXIV. Andy for tie more effectual preventing the spreading of such infettious iijlgmper by persons commonly called Jobbers, whor

v occupy*

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. fc. 4$. 345

Occupying little or no grazing land, buy up cattle in infixed places, and soon after dispose of the same, be it enacted by the authority afore- K r said, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, £butchers* One thousand seven hundred and seventy, no person whatsoever for immediate (butchers and others excepted buying fat cattle for immediate (laugliter, to (laughter) during the continuance of, and contrary to any such purchase lie-orders made in that behalf as aforesaid, shall purchase any living, nS0X> c* ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer or heifer, without having first obtain-a cered a certificate under the hand and seal of some justice of the*peace or commissioner of the land tax acting for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such person re-fides, specifying his or her name and place of abode, and thCfpecifyinghk number of beasts he or she intends to purchase, and whether name and a-such beafis are intended to be purchased by him or herself, or bode, number by an agent, or servant; and if by an agent or servant, then the name and place of abode of such agent or servant; and that it ther by appears to such justice or commissioner, upon examination on or agent $ the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, that such (and if by a-person really occupies land sufficient to graze and keep the number of beasts contained in such certificate, over and above the flock such person is at present possessed of, for the space of three abode) months: and that it may appear no more beasts were brought and that he than were contained in such certificate, every such person shall, ciu?ies upon bringing any cattle into any parish or place bought in pur- graz^fuclT fuance of such certificate and orders made in that behalf as a- number, above foresaid, produce and shew the said certificate to an inspector, his present churchwarden, or overseer of the poor, if any there be of such flock* for 3 parish or place 5 and shall at the same time acquaint such inspec- oo^ringine for, churchwarden or oyerseer, with the place where, and the name cattle into any of the person of whom such beasts were purchased; and the said place, certifi* inspector, churchwarden, or overseer, is hereby required to mark cate to be pro-on the back of the said certificate, the number of beasts f°infi>eftor&c. brought into any parish or place, and the place where, and the to mdorfe the name of the person of whom such beasts were purchased, and same, the day when such certificate Was so produced: and if any per-cnaAy 5!* son or persons (butchers or others buying fat cattle for immediate (laughter excepted as aforesaid) shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, buy any ox, bull, cow, calf, (leer, or heifer, during the continuance of, and contrary to fudh orders as aforesaid, without previously obtaining such certificate, or (haJLbuy more than the number contained in the same, or shall not produce the said certificate to an inspector, churchwarden, or overseer of the poor; every such person shall for every beast bought contrary to the*true intent and meaning hereof, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; the said penalty to be levied, adjudged, recovered, ap-Cattle tobe plied, and disposed of, as is herein after directed. bought within

XXV. Provided always, That no cattle shall be deemed to be aate'of certiL-bought by virtue of such certificate as aforesaid, unless the same ficate.

afe purchased withip one month from the date thereof. If cattle are

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, floppy* for. That when and as often-as any cattle shall be stopped for warrt ^"^ cer"

A a a of

34$

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45a.'[1769.

6on*, e«^of a proper certificate, pursuant and in obedience to such orders back" o the last as a^ore^> the constable, or other proper officer of the towiiship constablewick,* parish where the said cattle shall be so stopped, shall eause such cattle, with all convenient expedition, to be driven back to, the next constablewick from whence they lad came; and shall tice thereof to 8*v* notice thereof to the constable, or other proper officer of the proper of- such next constablewick, who shall, and he is hereby required to fleer, who is to receive the said cattle, and to eause the same to be driven through recem themihis constablewick to the next constablewick from whence such be plrc2eeded° catt*e were driven, the constable or other parish officer whereof against in like shall receive the same as aforesaid, and so from constablewick to manner, till constablewick until such cattle shall arrive at the first town ship at or P*ace the said county, riding, division, or liberty*through Sp through1* which they were fuflered to oafs without a proper certificate, which they they shall be treated in such and the like manner as cattle which passed 3, have been within one mile of an infected place are by this act, and be treated or by any of his Majesty's orders of council made or to be made whic^haven that behalf, deemed to be treated* 4l

been within i

XXVII. And whereas there are no such officers ms overseers of the mile of an in- poor and churchwardens in that part of Great Britain called Scot-fedled place. ]and; therefore, in order to carry this act* in that part of the united ^tte^di- kingdom, into execution; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid* demeby0over- ^at all matters and things appointed to be dope and executed seers and by the overseers of the poor and churchwardens in that part of churchwar- Great Britain called England, shall, in Scotland, be done and ex-dens in Eng- ecuted by the constat>les, inspectors, or other officers to be appointed by the justices of the peace for that purpose, at their respective quarter* sessions, or any adjournment thereof*

XXVIII. And in order to make provision, in that part of the ignited kingdom called Scotland, /$r any expence that mdy attend the execution of this service, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the of of the land tax.

land, are, in Scotland, to be done by such officers as q. sessions shall appoint.

and they are hereby impowered to a fiefs their respective counties in Scotland to in a sum not exceeding fifty pounds for each county, to be leaflets their vied and collected in the same proportions, and according to the counties for faine ^uses wjfh the land tax; and which sum the respecti ve col-Mecuting0this W*°rs of the land tax for each county are hereby required to collect and issue, by order of the respective justices of the peace, < or the major part of them assembled at the quarter-sessions, or Pecuniary pe- adjournment thereof.

nalties may be

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That wheresoever

recovered I conviction before justices.

or by a£Hdn of debt. Sec*

any person shall, for any offence to be hereafter committed against this act, or any law now in being relating to the preventing the spreading of the contagious distemper amongst the horned cattle in this kingdom, be liable or subject to pay any pecuniary penalty or sum of money, upon conviction before any justice or justices of the peace; it shall and may be lawful for any other person whatsoever, either to proceed to recover the said" penalty by information and conviction before any justice or justices of the peace, in such manner as is directed by this act, or to sue for the same.by action of debt or on the case, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record $ wherp?

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. 347

in no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one im- Plaintiff re* parlance shall be allowed; and wherein the plaintiff, if, he re- £0*€r^nS, hf° covers, shall likewise have his double costs.*

XXX. Provided, That all suits and actions to be brought by Limitation of virtue of this a£, shall be brought before the end of the next actions, term after the offence committed; and that no offender against any of the laws now in being, for the preventing the spreading of the distemper which now rages amongst the horned cattle,

shall be prosecuted twice for the same offence. A

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the of of the land tax, and rectors or vicars {^4 tax, rec. who are rated to the land tax for one hundred pounds per annum tors, and ri-Shall, in their respective paristies, and they are hereby impower- can, rated to cd to grant certificates of health for cattle, in as full and ampleland Ux/°rn.' manner as any justice or justices of the peace are impowered in authornfedto* any manner whatsoever to do $ for which said certificates no fee grant certifier reward whatsoever shall be taken. cates.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, person grant-

That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou- ing certificate, sand seven hundred and seventy, all persons whatsoever taking t?ct°rhha£ upon them to grant certificates in pursuance of this act, or his Majesty's orders relating thereto, shall set forth, in every such grants it. certificate, by virtue of what office he grants such certificate,

whether as justice of the peace for any county, city, or borough, commissioner of the land tax, or otherwise; and in case any person shall neglect so to do, such person shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and p^y the sum of ten pounds of law- 10j pen^ ful money of Great Britain for every such neglect; to be recov- on neglect/ ered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster with full colts of iiiit; wherein no essoin, privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices of the peace within their respective divi- inspeC# {ions, at their petty sessions, or the major part of them then and tors, there assembled, within that part of Great Britain called England,

shall have full power and authority, by virtue of this act, and any order or orders made or to be made in that behalf as aforesaid, to appoint any person or persons to be inspector or inspectors of.any houses, buildings, grounds, fields, and cattle, within their said divisions, to be assistant to the constables, churchwardens, fa manner di-and overseers of the poor; in such manner as the justices of the retted by or-peace, at their general quarter-sessions, were, by his late Ma-cottn* jesty's order in council, dated the twenty-second of Marcby one v£m % % Maf* thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, impowered to do. '

XXXIV. Provided, That no feller or buyer of any such cat- No certificate tie as aforesaid shall be obliged, in consequence of such order or need be taken orders as aforesaid, to take out either of the said certificates,

where both the feller and buyer live in the same parish, or in fei£r ijve fa the next adjacent parish or place, or within five miles distance of the same pa-each other: provided that the fe]ler of such cattle has been in «fli. or within^ A a 3 thefiv«

348 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45.

each other; the possession of the cattle so to be sold forty days at the least bc-Idler has^ore*ant* as^buyer k^P5 the said cattle three

been^pof- months at the least from the time he purebafes the same; and session oMnch so as the infectious distemper amongst the horned cattle be not cattle 40 days, within the space of ten miles of the fellers abode, and that the buyer feller and buyer live in the same county; any thing in this act

aS to the contrary BOtwithstanding.

distemper be

XXXV. And whereas the magistrates of same corporations^situated not within io within counties at large* may in some places presume to bold fairs and abode^and^8 mar^ets for thefale of'horned cattle, when tin justices of the peace for both live in the ^e county at large way have prohibited fairs and markets to be holden same county, in the said county, pursuant to and during the continuance of orders made in that behalf as aforesaid, which in a great measure will fruf- irate the said prohibition, and occasion many disputes; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, where the justices of the peace for any county "at large have already prohibited, or shall hereafter think proper to prohibit fairs and markets to be holden for the sale of horned Prohibition of cattle within such county, such prohibition made as aforesaid fairs and mar- shall be deemed and taken to extend to all corporations within kets made by such county, or surrounded by or lying contiguous to such coun-coundes'at > any charter, privilege, or exemption to the contrary not* large, extend- withstanding: and in cale any such magistrate shall wilfully and ed to corpo- knowingly proclaim or give notice, or cause to be proclaimed or rations within notice to be given of any fair or market for horned beasts, or ZSSST wilfully an<* knowingly permit any homed bead to be tics. brought into, or sold at any fair or market within his jurisdiction, during such prohibition as aforesaid, such magistrate shall loo 1. penalty forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful money -maturate of Great Britain, to any person who shall sue for the same in Offending. _ Of ^; Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

Magistrates,

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the artif°for>anywenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fe-bekfts^or hides, venty, no justice of the peace or other magistrate of any corpo-but such as ration, qr commissioner of the land tax for such corporation, or bavebeenkept rector or vicar within any corporation, during the continuance writh1ngthelrCd orc*ers as aforesaid, shall certify for any horned bead but

jurisdiction,such as have been kept within his jurisdiction for the time required by law, nor for the hide of any beast but such as have been slaughtered within his jurisdiction; any former law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: and in case any such magistrate shall take upon him to grant certificates otherwise than as aforesaid, such magistrate shall forfeit and pay the sum of twen-on penalty of ty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain,

+for every certificate so granted, to any person or persons that shall sue for the same; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, with full

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 46. 349

costs of suit; wherein no essoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

[4 Justices at general quarter-sessions &c. on information that distemper is in any neighbouring county,]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by this act, That it shall and may be lawful for any four or more of the justices of the ter sessions, peace of any county within this realm, at their general quarter- on infor-sessions, or any adjournment thereof upon information given to ctb^. them that such distemper is in any neighbouring county, to pro- {jj aerPneigh-hibit for a certain time, or until the distemper shall cease in such bouring coua-county, any ox, bull, ccw, calf, fleer or heifer from being driv- ty, en or removed, or any hides, skins or flesh carried from such county, or from any hundred, lathe, wapentake, rape, ward or j5* brought " other division of such county so infected, into the county so mak- from thence ing such order; and in case any person shall act contrary to such into their order, such person shall incur the penalties and forfeitures here- p0m!?# in before enacted against persons driving cattle without certi- dffobeying ficates. their prohi-

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- bition. said. That if any action or suit shall be commented against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act,

the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence General ^ttC* at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by authority of ttiis ad, or of some rule, order or regulation made or to be made in pursuance this act: and if it shall appear so' to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be non* suited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like Treble coftti remedy for the same as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Act to eon* said. That this act shall continue and be in force until the twen- g* ty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven htindred and fe- &c.*J verity-one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflioit

of parliament.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for establishing a lottery, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble, reciting ad a Geo. 3. Persons possessed of annuities in the {oint stock of 4/per cents, and who have or shall signify their consent, in books opened at the bank, to accept t>f an annuity of 31. per cent* to commence from 5 Jan. 1770, areintitled, for every tool, to tool, in the joint stock of 3 percents, and to two lottery tickets; and to have a receipt for 4.!. in part of 141. for each ticket, &c. Subscriber* to pay in respect of every ticket, See. 11. by 15 June j1, by »o July; 3l. byi Aug. and 4]. by5 t Sept. 1770$ tickers to be delivered to subscribers completing their subscriptions. Contributors paying in the whole of their subscriptions by 17 August, to be allowed interest after the rate of 31, per cent* to5 Sept. 2770* In case any tickets shall remain unsubscribed, any persons may contribute for the pprehafe of them, at 14 pounds per ticket., On mak-A a 4 ing

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 46, £1765}.

fng the following deposits, viz. of 4l. by 10 May, il. by v 5 June, % 1. by0 July, 31. by 21 Aug. and 4l. by 25 Sept. 1770. On completing sub-(cription, tickets to be delivered to contributors. Contributors paying in the whole of their subscriptdons by 17 Aug. to be allowed filtered after the rate of 31. per cent, to the ajth of Sept. 1770; to be paid by the cashier* Cashier of the bank to give security for duly accounting for, and paying over the said monies into the exchequer. Treasury to apply the money to the service voted this session. 500, 0001. to be distributed into prizes 3 and paid into the bank, out of the Supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt j for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undifpoied tickets* I with an account of the monies paid in The undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer, &c. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with (ilk 3 and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared I

with two columns, on each of which 50, 000 tickets to be printed. The J

number and value of the fortunate tickets, 1,000l. to the firtt-drawa ticket. See. and i, ooool. to the latt-drawn. Tickets of the outermost columns of the last mentioned book to be rolled up and tied, and cut out indentwise into a box marked with the letter (B). Box to be locked up and sealed. Business of rolling up the tickets, &c. to be performed within six days preceding the drawing. Public notice to be given of the times of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on 19 Nov. 1770. Method to be observed in drawing, Sec. After each day's drawing, the boxes to be locked up and sealed. Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the sums, to be printed. Disputes relating hereto, to be ad-fufted by the managers. Penalty of forging, &c. tickets or certificates* felony. Managers to be sworn. The oath. Cashier to receive the sums fpbscribed, before receiving the lottery book 3 and to give a note for the same 3 the bearers intitled thereupon to one lottery ticket for every 141. so paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times Hfaited, forfeit their deposits with respectc to the lottery 3 and the tickets for such sums to be delivered back into the exchequer. Treasury to pay the managers, and defray the incidental expences. Limitation of the sale of chances, &c. Penalty. Office-keepers, Sec. felling shares in tick-.ets of which they are not possessed, forfeit 5001, Offences committed in Iceland agafiift acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punishable, and the penalties may be sued for in Dublin, Yhe sum of 500, 0001. payable in respect of the fortunate tickets, charged upon the aids in general

Santed this session 3 and to be paid at the bank without deduction. After e drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates* 1 Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, &c. Certificates to be numbered. Books to be kept for entering the names of persons bringing tickets to be exchanged,

Sec. Certificates to be signed, See. Treasury to discharge all incident charges attending the execution of this No fee to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution monies, or for issuing receipts or monies, on penalty of iol* Annuities subscribed to in pursuance of this a&r to be deemed part of the joint stock of 31. per cent, annuities transferable at tlje bank, and so be payable out of the sinking fund 5 subject to redemption by parliament. Annuities to be deemed persona] estates, not' defc£riaabl4 to heirs, nor liable to foreign attachment. Such part of the joint stock Of 4l. per cent, annuities as shall be subscribed for at the rate of 31. per cent, to be understood to be redeemed after 5 April, 1770.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Ijank to continue a corporation till these annuities are redeemed. Bank piot to incur any disability.

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47, ' $51

In

5.CAP. XLVII.

I \jin act for Utter regulating persons employe# in the service of the East India company* and for other purposes therein mentioned*

WHEREAS by an act passed in the seventh year of fir Preamble, r$-reign of his late majesty King George the First* intituled* citj"S An act for the further preventing his Majesty's subjects from7*trading to the East Indies under foreign commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful trade thereto; and for further regulating the pilots of Dover* Deal* and the isle of Thanet; it was amongst other things enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for his Majesty's attorney-general for the time being* at the relation of the said company* or by his own authority to exhibit a bill or bills of complaint in his Majesty's court of exchequer* against any ferson or persons trading* dealing* trafficking* or adventuring* at any time from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one* in* to* or from the East Indies, or places therein before mentioned* contrary to law\ or against any person or persons concerned as agent* faster* or copart-.per with such illegal traders; for discovering of such their trading* dealing* trafficking* and adventuring, and for recovering of such du-: fies and damages as are therein and herein after-mentioned: waving _ or disclaiming* in every such bill* all the penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or persons for the matters in such bill or bills contained; and that such person or persons should answer the find bill or bills* and not plead or demur to the discovery thereby fought*and pay to his Majesty the customs and duties of the goods and merchandizes arising* produced* or purchased by the said unlawful trade, traffick* or, adventuring; and should answer and pay to the said company for the same thirty pounds per centum, according to the value thereof7? England: and whereas the said sum of thirty pounds per centum so enacted to be paid to the find united company* as and for damages on account of such illicit trade as aforesaid* bath been found inadequate and insufficient for preventing the said illicit trade* and for making good to the said company the damage they have sustained thereby: now* for the more effectually preventing such illicit trade, and for making a better compensation or recompence to the said united company* by way of damages for any loss or prejudice they may sustain by the illicit practices aforesaid* be it enacted by the Kind's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Persons con-parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That c*tnJcfjntllli" from and after the passing or this act, all and every person or pay £ gJJ*persons, adventurer or adventurers, prosecuting or concerned indiacompany

in such illicit trade, traffick and dealings as aforesaid, shall, over iool. percent and besides the duties and customs by law payable to his jesty, forfeit and pay to the said united company the sum of one tjJetoie^ in? hundred pounds per centum* according to the value, in England* stead of former of the goods, merchandizes, and effects, so illicitly tracted, penalty

traf*

35*

to be recovered as by act

7 Geo. x. '

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47; f 1769.

trafficked, or dealt in, instead and in lieu of the said sum of thirty pounds per centum, mentioned in the said act j which said fusn of one hundred pounds per centum, shall and is hereby directed to be sued for and recovered in such and the like manner, as in and by the said recited act made in the seventh year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the First, is prescribed and enacted, with respect to the said sum of thirty-pounds per centum; any thing therein to the contrary noftvith-lianding.

II. And whereas funiry captains and other officers and mariners of ships, in the service of the said united company, bound to India, do oftentimes in a clandestine manner carry and transport to the East Indies aforesaid great quantities of artillery, ordnance, mufijuets9 fire arms, ammunition, and warlike fiores9 and there fed and dispose thereof to the natives, and also to powers in those parts at war or in enmity with the said unitea company, or to 'other persons through whose hands the same do or may come to the use of such powers 5 to the great injury of the publicity as well as of the said urnted company and their possessions and trade in India: therefore, 40 the end that such s full practices may for the future be remedied and prevented, be it Pterfbns hi the further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every Indiacompa- °cer anc* officers, mariners, or other person or persons, in the ny transport- service of the said united company, who shall, from and after the passing of this act, carry, transport, or fend, or cause to be carried; transported, or sent to the East Indies, aforesaid, or shall put or cause to be' put on board any ship in the service ^of the said united company trading to the East Indies^ any artillery, ordnance, musquets, fire arms, ammunition, or warlike stores of any kind whatsoever, or shall knowingly aid or assist therein, without the licence or authority of the said united company, with intention or for the purpose of transporting, felling, trafficking, bartering, exchanging, or otherwise uttering or disposing of the same in the East Indies, or within the limits of the said united company's trade; shall, in every such case, be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of a high crime and mifdetneanour* and as such shall and may be prosecuted for the same in his Ma-Gvte's>Bench, s court of King's Bench at Westminster; and such person or and be liable' persons so offending being convicted, shall be liable to such Corfu corporal poral punishment or fine as the said court shall think fit. punishment or HI, And whereas, by one other act of parliament passed in the fe-

Act 7 Geo. 3. ventP Iear of re*&n of^s Present Majesty9intituled, An act for '* regulating certain proceedings of the general courts of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, ' it was enabled. That no dividend should be made by the said company, for or in resp'eft of any time subsequent to the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, otherwise than in pursuance of a vote or resolution, passed by way of balloting, in a general court of the said company, which fiall have been summoned for the purpose of declaring a dividend, and of the meeting of which general court for such purpose, seven days notice at the least shall have been given in writing, fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London; and it was thereby further enacted> Thai no' balloting upon

anj

ing any warlike stores,

or assisting the rein, with intent to dispose of the same in the East Indies, or within the limits of the company's trade,

may be prosecuted in the court of

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47;, 553

any qutjlitn proposed in any general court a/the find company, relative to any matter whatsoever, shoyld be begun within a left /pace e/Jime than eight hours after the adjournment or breaking up of the general court in which it shall hove been determined that such question should be decided by balloting: and whereas the balloting for every dividend of the said company, as prescribed by the lafi recited act, would be attended with much inconvenience and delay, in cases where no alteration in tbf rate of the said company's dividend is made or intended to be made: and whereas the time or space of eight hours thereby also prescribed for taking such balloting in question, and not relative to the declaration of a dividend, is not sufficient to give the proprietors at large of the said company's flock a full and fair opportunity to ener-eife their right-of taking such part in every such determination as they are intitled to by lawtherefore, for preventing the aforesaid incon-veniemits for the future, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, when any When a din-half yearly or other dividend of the said company shall be voted dend Hull be and declared by a general court of proprietors, not varying or clared^y*differing from the rate of the said company's dividend for the general court, last preceeding half year, that then and in every such case, it not differing shall not be necessary for the said general court of the said com- from the rate pany to proceed to a ballot respecting such dividends > but that a declaration from the chairman for the time being of the said preceding company of the voting and agreeing of the general court of pro- naif year, prietors to such dividend, shall be a sufficient notice and audio- ^declaration rity for declaring and making such dividend j and that from and after the passing of this act, no balloting upon any question TOte> to proposed in any general court of the said company, relative to be sufficient any matter whatsoever, shall be begun within a less space of time "p*'de-

than twenty-four hours after the adjournment or breaking-up of a the general court in which it shall have been determined that No balloting such question should be decided by balloting; any thing in the to be begun said last recited act to the contrary notwithstanding. within leu

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever employed by or in the service ^t V gene-of the said united company, in any civil or military station, of- ral court? fice, or capacity whatsoever in the East Indies, or deriving or^company's claiming any power, authority, or jurisdiction, by or from the servants in the said united company, shall, after the passing of this act, be guilty Ea Indies of oppressing any of his Majesty's subjects beyond the seas withr or^" in their respective jurisdictions; or, in the exercise of any such Li-.-station, office, employment, power, or authority derived or claimed'by, from, or under the said united company, or shall maybe tried be guilty of any other crime or offence;, such oppressions, in me court of 1 crimes, and offences, shall and may be enquired of, heard, and King's Bench, determined, in his Majesty's court of King's Bench in England; and punished and such puniftunents shall be inflicted on such offenders, as are ^nraitt«Ua I usually inflicted for offences of the like nature committed in that England.

I part of Great Britain called England; and that the same, and all

I other offences committed against this act, may be alledged to be

com-

354 'Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 48.' [1769.

Crime maybe committed, and may bp laid, enquired of, and tried in thelledg-£ «>«nty of Middlesex.

MWdtef«t.m V' And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

Defendants^anions, or suits, brought against the said united compa-may plead the ay, their agents, or servants, or any person deriving authority

under the said company, for any thing by him or them done in such capacity, from and after the passing of this act, the defendant or defendants, in any such action or suit, may plead the General issue. general issue, and the special matter in evidence.

Pabftck aft.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall bedeemed and taken to be a publick act; of which notice shall be judicially taken, by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same. Defendants to VII. provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the defendant or defendants, or his or their attorney, shall ticeofthesub- driver to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in every such action, or his fiance of his or their attorney, a notice in writing, dgned by the defendant or defence} - defendants, or his or their attqrney, of the substance of the defence or defences winch he or they intend to rely upon, fjx days before the trial of such action, in case the same is to be tried in a n London or Middlesex % and eight days before the trial thereof, in and than not case the same is to be tried in any other county j and the de-df an^mattcri fendantor defendants shall not, by virtue of this act, be per-»ot contained mitted, at the trial of any such action/ tq give evidence of any therein; matters not contained in such notice.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for making the receiving of stolen jewel's, and gold and silver plate, in the case of burglary and highway robbery, more penal.

WHEREAS the facility with which Jiolen jewels, and gold. and filter plate, are disposed of, is one principal cause of the frequent tommiffm of burglaries and highway robberies j and the present laws against the receiving of Jiolen goods, are found insufficient to deter persons from that practice: may it therefore please your Ma-

Act jtfty* that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mod

excedent majesty, by and with the advice and coquent of the receiving jew- lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parch, gold or liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Over plate, every person, who from and after the first day of June, one knowingUi'em thousand seven hundred and seventy, shall buy or receive any to be Aden, (iolen jewel or jewels, or any stolen gold or diver plate, watch or watches, knowing the same to have been stolen, shall, in all cases where such jewel or jewels, or gold or silver plate, shall triable as well bave been felonioudy stolen, accompanied with a burglary ac-before as after tually committed in the dealing the same, or shall have been conviction of felonioudy taken by a robbery on the highway, shall be triable Sm^'aadons before conviction of the principal felon, ip such felony*"'and

Anno-decimo Georgii III. c. 49? 35$

and. burglary hr robbery, whether he shall be in or out of custo-convictiort, to dy, as after his conviction: and ifany person, so buying Qr re- betranspoite* ceiving such jewel or jewds, or gold or silver plate, shall be con-for*J'ean* victed thereof, he shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and be transpOrted to Come of his Majesty's plantations in America for the space of fourteen years, according to the laws in force for transportation of felons.

CAP. XLIX.

Ah Hft for continuing and amending several acts for fire-, venting abuses in making bricks and tiles.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned bam been found Preamble to be very useful and beneficial, and ore near expiring: may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and bp it enacted by the King's most excellent msyefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in the twelfth year of the Act 1* Geo. r» reign of his majesty King George the First, intituled An act to-prevent abuses in the making of bricks and tiles, and to ascertain tie, dimensions thereof and to prevent all unlawful combinations amongst any brickmakers or tilemakers within fifteen miles of the city of London, in order to advance or enhance the price of bricks or tiles $ and — an act made in the second year of the reign of his majesty King*

George the second, intituled An act to explain and amend an act made in the twelfth'year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act to prevent abuses in the making of bricks and tiles, and to ascertain the dimensions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful combina- -tiens amongst any bricklayers or tilemakers, within fifteen miles of the city of London, in order to advance or enhance the price- of bricks or tiles and ari act made in the third year of his said S Gee.* Majesty's reign, intituled An act for amending the acts therein.mentioned relating to the making of bricks; and also so much of an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, .9 ', eo*5* intituled An act for reviving several acts for preventing abuses in making bricks and tiles; and for indemnifying justices of the peace, and others, who have aifted under the said acts; and for tndmnifyisig'-

per fens who have omitted to make and file affidavits; and for allowing-further time for paying duties omitted to be paid upon contrafts with clerks and apprentices; for making forth duplicates ofexchequerbills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and Other Arders, lofl, burnt, or defrayed-, and for repaying to Joseph Clover ami.

John Gill the duty by them paid on a cargo of wheat, and for allowing the same to be landedfor home consumption and for preventing parish. poor being paid in base or counterfeit coin.as relates to pricks and as relate to files, which were so have continuance to the end of this fef. bricks and fion of parliament, shall be, and the lame are hereby further con-eod.*tinued from the expiration thereof, to the twenty-ninth, day of nued to9.' September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and Sept. 177s/

from

'2$6 AnnodedmoGiokGft III. C49* tx7^9>

from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. Clay for mak- H. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

tag brick* for 9(] c|ay wi, ich shall be due or designed for making any bricks e for fate, in any place or places within the kingdom of England,

to be turned shall bq turned at lead once between the first day of February °IM>bet d*1 an( time of beginning to make such bricks; and if any person or persons shall make any bricks of any clay which shall not tag, be turned once within the said time, he or they shall forfeit and

on penalty of pay the sum of ten shillings for every thousand of bricks so jo t. per 1000 made; to he levied, recovered, and applied, in such manner as oncK*. other penalties and forfeitures are directed to be recovered, levied, and applied by the said former acts, or this present act. Persons in

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and aftefr the passing of this act, it shall and may be earth atany for any person or persons withii^jbe said city of London,

7 and limits aforesaid, to dig or cause to be dug, at any time in the so in the same year, brick-earth for the making of bricks, provided such earth be turned'& turned once before the same is made into bricks; any thing faMdetaito^n rec'tc<i of the twelfth year of his late majesty

bricks. King George the first, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Sieve* not to

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That exceed a quar- the size of the sieves or screens for lifting or screening sea coal tat ween the a^les to mixed with brick-earth, in the making of bricks, shall not exceed one quarter of an inch between the malhes of such sieve or screen; any thing in the said recited acts, or any of them to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Breeze to be V. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That used only in it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons burning brick* whomsoever, to use cinders (comtncAly called Breeze) only in an clamp*. the burning of bricks in clamps; any thing in the said act of the third year of his said late Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

Bricks 8 inch-

VI. And whereas the dimertjim of bricks preferred in and by the in — +*bioad, /"^ have been found inconvenient within the city of Lon-

and »^md an* don, and liberties and fubvrbs thereof; be it further enacted by the half thick, authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall-and may be lawful to and for any person or persons what-trom penalty. anj j, urn bricks within the said city and limits.

Which, when burnt, shall riot be Ief9 than eight inches and an half long, nor left than four inches broad, nor less than two inches and an half thick; and that no penalty shall be incurred for or in respect of bricks of the said dimensions; any thing in, the said recited acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

This act not

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall to extend*0 extend, or be construed to extend, to alter the dimensions of I moretfuraie prescribed in the said act of the twelfth year of George the I

mile* from 5 first, ' which shall be made.within any part of England, beyond i London. the said distance of fifteen miles of the said city of London.

VIII. And whereas the method of recovering the penalties and for-'" feitures 'imposed in and bp the said acts has been found inconvenient;

be

i 7^9*1'Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 49.

be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act* all penalties and forfeitures by the said acts inflicted or authorised to be imposed, shall and may, upon proof of the offences respectively, and conviction before any justice of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed; which justice is hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the same, either by the confession of the -party or parties, or by the oath of one witness, be levied by di- P^aitte m«f stress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party dr parties by

offending, by warrant or warrants under the hand and leal of such justice (which warrant or warrants such justice is hereby authorised and required to grant for those purposes, and to administer such oath gratis) and the overplus, after such penalties! and forfeitures, and the charges of such distress and sale are re* covered and deducted, shall be returned on demand to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels; and all such penal- an£ ties and forfeitures shall, from time to time, be paid, one moie- fnferaer the ty thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the other to the poor of the parish wherein the offender or offenders shall live; poor* and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such penal- £?*; ties and fprfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be law-dermay°be ful for such justice, and he is hereby authorised and required by committed# warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common goal or house of correction for the county, riding, division, or place where the matter shall arise there to remain without bail or main prize for any time not exceeding two calendar months, unless such penalties and forfeitures, and all reasonable charges,

shall be sooner paid and satisfied,

IX. Andy for the more easy and speedy conviction of offenders a- Conviction to gainjt this or any- of the said aft$y hie it further enacted, That all be drawn up and every the justice or justices of the peace, before whom !n tlle follow* any person or persons shall be convicted of any offence againstingarBCU this or any of the said acts, shall and may caute the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any form of words to the same effect, as the case shall happen; videlicet,

B

E it remembered. That the

day of

in the year of our Lord A B convicted before me C D, one of his Majesty's jufues of the for the county or place of

(specifying the offence, and time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be).

Given under my hand and seal the day and year aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no penalty infixed by the said former acts or thi*

' 4 a(ft>

35$ Anno Secimo GEORGII IIl. c. 50. {17 % /

Penalties in s<ft, in respect of the dimensions of bricks, shall be recovered, respect of di- unless the information shall be laid within the space of one briSu'notto month next after the sale or delivery of such bricks in respect of be recovered, which such penalty shall be incurred, nor shall any person be li-unless infor- able to more than one penalty for any one offence, matron be laid

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-

after'"ty aforesaid, T/iat if any person or persons shall think him, sale, &c. her, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of:

Persons ag- ^is aft, such person or persons may, within the space oif four grieved may calendar months after the cause of complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the appeal to the justices of the peace at any general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, riding, division or place, wherein the cause of codiplaint shall arise; such appellant first giving, or giving norice, causing to be given twenty-one entire days notice at the least in writing of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the cause or matter thereof to the person or persons whose acts are complained against, and within eight days after such notice, en-ahd entering tering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace for into recogm- the respective county, riding, division or place, with two suffi-canoe* dent sureties, conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the Order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices Justices to de- at fuc^ quarter-sessions: and the said justices at their said fef-termine final- (ions, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, ly, and of the entering into such recognisance, shall proceed in and

hear and finally determine the caules and matters of such appeals and award in .'a summary way, and award such costs to the party appealing

costs. or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper;

and the determination of such quarter-sessions (half be binding and conclusive to all intents and purposes; and no order made concerning any of the matters aforesaid or any other proceedings to be bad touching the conviction or convictions of any offender against this or any of the said acts, shall be quaftied for want of Mo Certiorari. form, or be removed by certiorari or any other writ or process whatsoever into any of his Majesty* courts of record at Westminster.

CAP. L.

A* 68 for the further preventing delays of justice by reason of privilege of parliament.

greaable, \T7 WHEREAS the several laws heretofore made far refraining the privilege of parliament, with respect to actions or suits commenced and prosecuted at any time from and immediately after the diffolufiontr prorogation of any parliament, until a new parliament should meety dr the same be reassembled-, and from and immediately after an adjournment of both houses of parliament for above the space of fourteen days, until both houses should meet or assemblt; are insufficient to'obviate the ineonvenuneits arising front the delay of suits by reason of privilege of parliament; whereby the parties often Jose the benefit of several teems: for the preventing all delays toe King or his subjofls may receive in profmting their feveretl rights, titles, debts, dues, demands.

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 50? 359

ttrands, fuitsy for which they have causei be it enacted by the After4. June,

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, cord, equity. That from and after the twenty-fourth dafy of Jude one thou-or admiralty! farid seven hundred and seventy, any person or persons shall and and courts may, at any time, commence and profeciite any action or suit in having cog-any court of record, or court of equity, or of admiralty, and in all causes matrimonial and testamentary, in any court having monial and Cognizance of cauies matrimonial and testamentery, again# any (eftamentary,

Eeer or lord of parliatrfetft of Great Britain, or against any of the ag^inst peers, nights, citizens, 2nd bufgestes, and the of ^orof tbThourer# shires and burghs of the house of commons of Great Britain for common"and the time being, or against their or any of their menial or any their servants, Other servants, or ariy other person intitled to the privilege of&c. parliament of Great Britain; and no such action, suit, or any o- But the per-ther process or proceeding thereupon, shall at any time be imson& of mem-peached, stayed, or delayed, by or under colour or pretence of !*r?>of: rthe anV privilege of parliament. mon^T

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the au- be arrested or thority dfordsaid. That nothing in this act shall extend to subject imprisoned, the person of any of the knights, citizens, artd burgesses, or the Court out of of of shires and burghs of the house of commons of which writ Great Britain for the time being, to be arrested of imprisoned upon any such suit or proceedings. # to beer and

III. And whereas the process by Distringas is dilatory and expensive: money arising for remedy thereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That thereby to be the court out of which the writ proceeds, may order the issues levied from time to time to be sold, ind the money arising the re-to p am- by to be applied to pay such costs to the plainnff, as the said orpins to be Court shall think just, under all the circumstances, to order; and retained till the surplus to be retained Until the defendant shall hive appear- appearance of ed, or other purpose of the writ be answered. Wheii i?*

IV. Provided always, when the purpose of the writ is answered pose isaniwer-that then the said issues shall be returned; or if fold, what shall ed* issues to be remain of the money arising by such sale, shall be repaid to the"*"*1

party distrained upon. monet rt-

V. And be it further declared and enacted by (he authority, maining to aforesaid, That obedience may be enforced to any rule of his be repaid. Majesty's courts of king's bench, Common pleas, or exchequer. Obedience to against any perfoti intitled to privilege of parliament, by distress urt of Kings Infinite, in case any person or persons intitled to the benefit of bench, com-such rule shall chuse to proceed in that way. j mon pleas, or

VI. And whereas an dfi was made in the twelfth and thirteenth exchequer, years of the reign of King William the thirds intituled An act for forcedb^dif-preventing any inconveniencies that may happen, by privilege of tress infinite." parliament; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from Act i* and i j and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, the said act, and s* also this act, shall extend to that part of Great Britain called to Scotland.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.gti [176gl

CAP. LI.

An act to encourage the improvement of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under settlements of firift entail.

WHEREAS by an act of the parliament of Scotland, made

ttne an act" in ytar one thousand fix Hundred and eighty-five* inti-of the Scottish tuled9 Act concerning taillies, all his Majesty's subjects are im- parliament, powered to taillie their lands and efiates in Scotland with such pro* 1685* visions and conditions as they shall think fit, and with fuco irritant

and resolute clauses as to them shall seem proper j and which taillies, when completed and published in the manner directed by the said act, are declared to be real and effectual against purchasers, creditors, and others whatsoever: and whereas many taillies of lands and efiates in Scotland, made as well before as after the passing the said act, do contain clauses limiting the heirs of entail from granting tickets or leases of a longer endurance than their own lives, or for a small number of years only, whereby the cultivation of land in that part of this kingdom is greatly obstructed, and much mischief arises to the publicki and which must daily increase, so long as the law allowing such entails fubfijls, if some remedy be not provided: wherefore, to.prevent a mijchief and inconveniency so hurtful to the publick, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of Proprietors of same, That it shall and may be lawful to every proprietor entailedestates of an entailed estate within that part of Great Britain called may g> ant Scotland, to grant tacks or leases of all or any part or pans tacks for 14 thereof, for any number of years not exceeding fourteen years ooexilt!ng ^rom term Whitsunday next after the date thereof, and for life j the life of one person to be named in such tacks or leases, and

or for % lives, in being at the time of making thereof; or for the lives of and 'life of two persons to be named therein, and in being at the time of making the same, and the life of the survivor of them; or for any number of years, not exceeding thirty-one years from the term aforesaid.

II. Provided always, That every such lease for two. lives shall contain a clause obliging the tenant or tenants to fence and indole, in a sufficient and lading manner, all the lands so leased within the space of thirty years, and two third parts thereof within the space of twenty years, and one third part thereof within the space of ten years, if the said lease shall continue for such respective terms; and that every such lease for any term of years exceeding nineteen years, shall contain a clause, obliging the tenant or tenants to fence and inclose in like manner all the lands so leased during the continuance of to beinclofed. fuc[1 term, and two third parts thereof before the expiration.oi two third parts of such term, and one third part thereof before the expiration of one third part of such term.

fturviver { or for 31 'years.

'Specification of terms in which lands so leased are

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 517 361

III. And provided also, That every such lease for two lives, heafe for

or for any term of years exceeding nineteen years, shall con- b*cs»or raore tain a clause obliging the tenant or tenants to keep and pre- toaoblIigeyte"> serve the fences, when made, in good and sufficient repair nant to keep during the lease, and to leave them so at the expiration there- fences in re-of; and that no inclosures which shall be made, shall compre- Pair» a"d tof hend more than forty acres in one field; excepting where the a^expiraTion. lands consist of hills or other grounds, incapable or improper Not more by their nature for culture by the plough; in which case, the than 4.0 acres inclosures may be made of such extent as the nature of the J b compre* ground shall require. ged in 1

IV. And whereas the building of villages and houses upon entailed except where estates may, in many cases^ be beneficial to the publici> and might lands are im-eften be undertaken and executed, if heirs of entail were impowered Pr°Per £or to encourage the same, by granting long leases of lands for the purpose of buildings be it therefore enacted by the authority afore- Buildin*ff said. That it mall be, and it is hereby declared to be, in the ieafea may power of every proprietor of an entailed estate, to grant leases be gran ted for of land for the purpose of building, for any number of year9 99 year* not exceeding ninety-nine years.

V. Provided always, That not more than five acres shall be granted to any one person, "tither in his own name, or to

any other person or persons in trust for him; and that every toaone such lease shall contain a condition that the lease shall be void* person $ and the same is hereby declared void, if one dwelling-house at conditionally, lead, not under the value of ten pounds sterling, shall not be built within the space of ten years from the date of the lease, house^ebuilt, for each one half acre of ground comprehended in the lease; &c. for every and that the said houses shall be kept in good, tenantable, half acre* and sufficient repair; and that the lease shall be void whenever there shall be a less number of dwelling-houses than one, of the value aforesaid, to each one half acre of ground, kept in such repair as aforesaid, (landing upon the ground so leased.

VI. Provided also, That the power of leafing hereby given Manor-place shall not in any case extend to, or be understood to comprd- not to be hend, a power of leasing, or setting in tack, the manor-place, leased, office-houses, gardens, orchards, or inclosures adjacent to the manor-place, which have usually been in the natural poflfession of the proprietor, or have not been usually let for a longer term than seven years, when the heir in possession was of lawful age;

and that no lease of lands shall be granted, under the autho- nor village

rity of this act, for the purpose of building villages or houses built within

within three hundred yards of the manor-place usually in the

natural possession of the proprietor. tuereot.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all leases Lease not to made or to be granted under the authority of this act, shall be be granted fof* made or granted for a relit not under the relit payable by the leftrent tbfj1 last lease or sett, and without graffum fine or foregift, or any

benefit whatsoever, directly or indirectly, reserved or accruing leases to the grantor, except the relit payable by the lease; and thatnor till de« no such lease shall £e granted till after the end or other ddter- termination

B b 2 mi- thereof, <Scc.

Taillie containing ample powers,

Heir In possession may exercise the same.

Proprietor laying out money for improvement of estate, to be a creditor tofuCceeding heir for thiee fourths thereof*

provided the lame do not exceed years free relit, after deduction of burdens, &c.

Proprietor irt-tenaing to lay out money on improvements, to give notice thereof i

and lodge a copy thereof with sheriff or iteward clerk j and, laying out money with intent

I

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 51.-.[1769.

mination of any former lease of the same premisses5 or that such lease, if granted for a time certain, shall be within one year of being determined; and that all leases otherwise granted shall be void and null.

VIII. And be it provided and declared by the authority aforesaid, That if any taillie shall, either expressly or by implication, contain powers of leafing more ample than are hereby given; the heirs of entail in possession shall be at liberty to exercise all such powers, in the same manner as if this act had never been made.

IX. And whereas it may be highly beneficial to the public, if proprietors of entailed estates were encouraged to lay out money in inclosing, planting, or drainings or in erecting farm-hou/es9 and offices or out-buildings for the famey upon their entailed landsumd heritages: and whereas such proprietors men be induced and encouraged so to do, if they> their executors and assigns, were secured in recovering a reasonable satisfaction, for the money expended in making such improvements, from the succeeding heirs of entail; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every proprietor of an entailed estate who lays out money in inclosing, planting, or draining, or in ereAing farm-houses, and offices or outbuildings for the same, for the improvement of his lands and heritages, shall be a creditor to the succeeding heirs of entail for three fourth parts of the money laid out in making the said improvements.

X. Provided always, That the sum or sums of money laid out upon such improvements, by any one heir of entail during his or her possession, (half not, in any case whatever, be effectual to constitute'a claim against the succeeding heir of entail, for more than four years free relit of the said entailed estate, after deduAion of all publick burdens, liferents, and interests of debts, which may affect the said estate, as the same shall happen to be at the first term of Whitsunday after the death of the heir who expended the money claimed.

XI. Provided also, That every proprietor of an entailed estate, who intends to lay out money on such improvements, shall, three months at lead before he begins to execute the same, give notice in writing to the heir of entail next entitled to succeed to the said estate after the heirs of the body of the said proprietor, if within Great Britain or Ireland, and if the heir next entitled to succeed is not within Great Britain or Ireland, shall give notice in writing to the nearest male relation by his father of lawful age, or to his known faAor or attorney, of such his intention, specifying in such notice the kind of improvement intended, and the farms or parts of the estate upon which the improvements are intended to be made; and shall lodge a copy thereof with the sheriff or steward clerk of the county wherein the lands lie.

XII. Provided likewise. That the proprietor of ad entailed estate, who lays out money in making improvements upon his entailed estate* with an intent of being a creditor' to the succeeding

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. 0, 51. 363

ceeding heirs of entail in the manner above expressed, shall*0 become annually, during the making such improvements, within lpace of four months after the term of Martinmas, lodge with ^uaiiy^ith" the sheriff or steward clerk of the county within which the the sheriff or lands and heritages improved are situated, an account of the toward clerk, money expended by him in such improvement during twelveo?moneynex-months preceding that term of Martinmas, subscribed by him, pended*, &c.- with the vouchers by which the account is to be supported when payment shall be demanded or sued for.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when Heir of entail

a sum equal to four years free relit shall have been laid outlaying out in manner above mentioned, by one or more heir or heirs of/our years entail, and shall remain a subsisting charge against the succeed-ree r?nt» ing heirs; it shall not be lawful for any subsequent heir or subsequent heirs to layout anymore money under the authority of this heir not to lay act, for any of the improvements afore-mentioned. ont morCf

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Sheriff and

all sheriff or stewart clerks, with whom the accounts, vouch- steward clerks ers, and copies of notice shall be lodged, shall, within voters space of one month thereafter, record them in a book to be 1

kept for that purpose, and return them when called fqr; and shall make the book patent to all persons desirous to (ee the same; and shall give certified copies or extracts of all ac- an(j make cocounts, voucher£, vand copies of notice recorded, they receiving pies thereof, for their trouble the usual fees for recording writing and giving fQr out extracts, and sixpence sterling from each person who shall have inspection of the book wherein the accounts, vouchers, and copies of notice shall be recorded.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Succdfive the executor or executors, assignee or assigns, or other per- claims may ion or persons, having right to the claim arising from money be made for expended by the proprietor of ai^ entailed estate in the improvement thereof, may, after the expiration of one year from*

the death of the heir who expended the money, require the* heir next succeeding to the estate, to pay such part thereof as is due by the authority of this act, with the legal interest, from the term at which the succeeding heir's right to the rents of the estate did commence, upon receiving a proper discharge and assignment of the said claim5 and it the money is not paid On nonpay-within three months of such requisition, it shall then be lawful "t for the person or persons having right, to institute an action in the court of session against the heir then in possession, for instituted compelling him to pay the money, and interest thereof; and against heir upon obtaining a decree, he, she, or they shall be at liberty to in possessioq. use every kind of diligence or execution, authorised by the law of Scotland in recovering payment of debts, excepting adjudication against the entailed estate improved; and in all questions persons ob-of competition for the rents of the entailed estate, the person taining de-or persons who have sued for and obtained a decree under the < to have authority of this act, or the person or persons having right to

P b 3 factor*.

3e4 / Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 5j, \l7&9?

such decree, shall be preferred to the other creditors of the heir

of entail who has succeeded to the estate.

H'f A f

XVI. Provided always, That when any heir in possession is money dueU>r ^ue<*or t*ie money due 0, 1 account of improvements made up-improve- on an entailed estate, under the authority of this act, he shall

ments, be discharged in all cases from such suit, upon his aligning;

t u* an<* effecthally conveying to the creditor or creditors one third

conveying to Part c^ear rents el>ta|le^ estate, during his life*

creditors one w until the money so due shall thereby be paid off and dif-third of dear charged.

rents, &c.

XVII. And whereas it may happen that the heir af entail, who next fueceeis the proprietor who expended the money in the improvement of the entailed estate, may die, before the money due by him on account of improvements made upon the estate is patd> by which the person or persons in the right of the money due may be embarrajfei in

r. recovering payment: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the au-right of mo-C thority aforesaid, That the person or persons in the right of ney due, may the money due, may either sue the heirs and successors of the fne the heirs said next heir of entail in any other than the entailed estate, or the heir of entail next succeeding to him, or both, and use every kind of diligence or execution, authorised by the law of Scotland in the recovering payment of debts, against them and their estates, excepting adjudication against the entailed estate, until the money due is fully satisfied and paid; and the person or persons in the right of the money due shall, in any compe* tition for the rents of the entailed estates, be preferred to the personal creditors of the heir of entail in possession; and the person or persons in the right of the money due, in like planner shall be intitled to sue every succeeding heir of entail, until the money is satisfied and paid; and shall have the same pre-wTth like pre- ^erence to the rents of the entailed estate in competition, with ference. P the creditors of such heirs of entail.

Relief ramne

XVIII. Provided always, and be it epaded by the authority

of next heir, or heir next succeeding,

and, in competition, shall be preferred to personal creditors,

and likjwife succeeding heirs.

tent to.fuc-ceflive heirs, to the extent of one third part of the rents.

Heirs of entail, &c feed

aforesaid, That the heir who next succeeds in die entailed estate to the proprietor who expended the mpney, under the authority of this act, in making improvements upon the estate, and the heirs and successors of such heir, shall be bound tp relieve all subsequent heirs of all or such parts of the debt, incurred by the improvement of the estate under the authority of this act, as shall be paid by them, to the extent of one tnin} part of the rents which have come to the use of such first succeeding heir, or to the use of his heirs or executors \ and wheq the third part of the rents which have come to the use of the first succeeding heir, or to his heirs or executors, areqxhauft-jed, then the next succeeding heir, and his heirs and successors, shall in like manner be bound to relieve all subsequent heirsv to the extent of one third part of the rents which have come to their use; and relief shall in like manner be competent tp every succeeding heir who shall pay, against the heirs and fuc-'cessors of the preceding heir.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 51. N 365

aforesaid, That when the heirs and successors of an heir of en-?n account of tail, in any other than the entailed estate, are sued for the mo- l^ntT^ ney due on account of improvements made upon an entailed m*estate under the authority of this act, they shall be discharged shall be dif-in all cases from such suits, upon making payment of one third part of the rents of the entailed estate which have come to the [, ne third of use of such heir of entail, or to the use of his said heirs or fuc- their rents, cessors.

XX. And whereas tncomeniencies and confufton might artfe from the executor, assignee, or other person or persons having right to ihef claim arising from money expended by the proprietor of an entailed e-Jiate in the improvement thereof, their not timeously requiring the heir next succeeding in the estate to pay what they are intitled to receive by authority of this act, and suing such heir to compel him to pay, if payment is not made: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the executor, assignee, or other claimant of person or persons having right to the claim arising from money money ex-expended by the proprietor of an entailed estate in the im- pended by provement thereof* shall be obliged, within the space of Mquir^pay- years after the death of the proprietor who expended the mo- ment, within ney, to require payment from the succeeding heir; and within % years after the space of six months after the elapse of the said two years, his deceale, to institute an action, if the money is not paid, in the court of ot wcceeding fefCon5 and to proceed without delay in recovering a decreen<| on non-for the sum due, and doing exact diligence for recovering pay- payment ford ment thereof, or at lead to the amount of one third part of months, to the free rents of the estate which shall have become due to2"t, 5?ac" such succeeding heir.

XXI. Provided always, and b<e it enacted by the authority but neglecting aforesaid, That the executor, assignee, or other person or per- so to do* fans* having right to the claim arising from money expended

by the proprietor of an entailed estate, who shall neglect to

require the next, or any other succeeding heir or heirs to pay,

and shall allow such succeeding heir or heirs to die without re-

-, 0, and not reco-

covenng payment from him or them to the amount of one yering one

third part, at least, of the rents that shall have become due to third part of such heir or heirs, shall cease to be creditor to the subsequent rents, &c. bc*

succeeding heir or heirs respectively, to the extent of one third j^fe

part of the rents which shall have become due to the heir or cease to

neirs so deceasing as aforesaid; and shall be intitled to recover be creditor to

payment of his claim to the extent of such third part of the subsequent

rents, from the executors or heirs only of the first or any o- for fuc"

ther Succeeding heir or heirs, in any other estate than the en- and such

tailed estate; and shall be intitled to recover payment of the third part to

surplus of his claim, if any be, and no more, from the subse- be recoverable

heir?rheir»refPea*vely*.. tr execution, Sec.

XXII. And whereas it may happen that the heir, who next Jut- of first heirs,

feeds to the proprietor who expended money in making improvements tec. upon an entailed estate, may pay all or part of the money due on at- »n<* ttunt of such improvements, and may not live so long as to be iniem-tlifttd' ky the third part of the rents which shall come to his use) or J, g

B b 4 ttt

Anno undecimo Georgii III. £-$i.

[1769.

wj c a. to the use of his heirs or executors; be it therefore enacted by the cceding, not" authority aforesaid, That if the heir who first succeeds in the entailed estate to the proprietor who expended the money, does psty all or part of the money due on account of the improvements made, and shall not live long enough to be indemnified of what he pays by pne third part of the rents that (haJI come to his use, or to the use of his heirs or executors; it shall be competent to his executors or assigns to sue the succeeding heir of entail for relief of such part of the money as shall not be repaid by the third part of the rents which have come to his use, or to the use of his heirs or executors; and relief shall in like manner be competent to the executors or assigns of every heir of entail who pays more than is repaid by the third part of the rents which have come to his use, or to the use of his heirs and executors.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no money expended in making improvements upon an fntailed estate, for which a decree shall be obtained in the nottobemade ^ourt of session, shall be made use of as a ground of debt for adjudging the eftatp upon which the improvements have been made; and if any decree of adjudication shall be obtained against the entailed estate for such debts, every such decree shall and is hereby declared to be void.

XXIV. And be it also enacted by the authority afprfesaid. That if the heir of eptail who shall succeed to an entailed e-statp upon which improvements have been made, shall have right to a claim of debt arising from the making of such improvements as next of kin, or by the will or settlements of the

__f heir of entail who expended the money; in every such case,

xciu^ed from the claim of debt dial) and is hereby declared to be extinguishr making claim ed for ever, and shall never be set up a debt against any succeeding heir.

On judge- XXV, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, itentobtayied That if any heir of entail, against whom a debt is created for again! Heir improvements made on the entailed estate to which he succeeds, debtee ^eated re^u^e to Pay xH^oney required of him under the author

by improve- Wty of this $61, and that decree shall be obtained against him inents, for the whole of the sum or sums of money of which he shall Defodertobe bp required tp make payment; in every such case the defender Jiable in full' shall be liable in full costs of suit; and if decree is not obtained for the foil sum or sums of money of which paymeqt has beeq required, it shall be in the discretion of the court to award cpfts of Aiit jto either party, as the justice of the case shall flireeft.

XXVI. Andvjbeeeas questions may anft concerning the amount of the sums laid out under the authority of this at a great defiance of time, when the material tyitnesses may be dead; for remedy whereof and for ascertaining, in due time> the amount of the H*ir of entail sums fi exPend*4\ be it therefore farther enabled. That it shall after'having'* apd may be lawful for every heir of entail, after he shall have Completed im» l$id out pnopey upon the ifnprovaoieqt gf J; is $ntail$d estate 39 provefcients, ' J'2 - ' afore-

n g. Jiving long enough to be indemnified for what he pays,

hie executors may sue luc-ceeding heir of entail for relief, &c. Like relief to executors of every heir who is not repaid.

ftjoney f appended in making irn-

pfe of as a ground of debt, for adjudging estates.

Heir of entail succeeding to estate upon which improvements have been wade, ex m<

of debt.

costs j i) otherwise, court to Si-ward costs at difoxtion.

I

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 51. 367

aforesaid, and shall have completed the improvement of all or any particular part of such estate, to bring, if he shall think may bring proper, an act ion of declarator before the court of session, or a a6hon of process before the sheriff, in which he shall call the heir next declarator, &cf intitled to succeed after the heirs of his own body, and shall in such salt produce proper evidence of the money laid out in and prodace such improvements j and the said next heir, or any other heir evidence of of entail, shall be intitled to produce proper evidence to set mney laid aside or diminifti the said claim: and it shall and may be law- f

ful for the said court of session, or for the said sheriff, to pro* fi°nj may nounce a decree for such part of the said sum, as, by the true deem what intent and meaning of this act, is intended to become a charge sum shall be against the succeeding heirs in the said entailed estate; which fUg^e^n011 decree, if pronounced by the sheriff, shall become final, unless carried to the court of session by suspension within six months after the same shall have been pronounced; and if pronounced by the court of session, either in such process of declarator or suspension, shall be final, if an appeal is not brought within twelve mdnths.

XXVII. And whereas it frequently happens that there are not, upon entailed estates, mansion-houses and offices suitable to the estates % and fit for the accommodation of the heirs of entail; and that man-fm-houses and offices upon entailed efiates are sometimes destroyed by fire, or from other accidental causes, or become insufficient-by length of time \ and it being beneficial to the public to encourage heirs of entail, in such cases, to build houses and offices suitable to their eftqtes9 and fit for the accommodation of their families j# be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every#heir of entail who Heir of en-lays out money in building a mansion-house or offices, or intail building repairing or adding to the mansion-house or offices upon his estate, small be a creditor to the next succeeding heir of entail to be acre-for three fourth parts of the money expended by him. ditor to fuc-

XXVIII. Provided always, That the sum or sums of money seeding heir laid out by any one heir of entail, in the building a mansion- £0^!^ house or offices, or in the repairing or adding to the mansion- of the ex-houses or offices, shall not, in any case whatever, be effectual peaces

to constitute a claim against the succeeding heir of entail for put the same more than two years relit of the said entailed estate, after de- cC^toea^ duftion of all publick burdens, life rents, and interests of relit,after debts, which may affect the said estate, as the same shall hap- burdens, &c. pen to be at the first term of Whitsunday after the death of deducted. t the heir who expended the money claimed.

XXIX. Provided also, That the proprietor of the entailed Proprietors estate, who lays out' the money, shall, previous thereto, give laying out notice in writing to the heir of entail next intitled to succeed to money, to the said estate after the heirs of his own body; and record filv5 notice, copies of the same, together with the accounts of the money copierthere-expended, and the youchers thereof, in the sheriff or steward of.

court books of the county within which the mansion-houses and offices are situatetj, in the form and mapper ab<?ve directed'.. 4 flith-

36i

Persons having right to claim for mo

Ann decimo Georgii III. €.51;

with regard to monies expended in making improvements upon entailed estates.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the executor or executors. alCgnee or assignees, or other per-

daim for son or persons having right to the claim arising from money by^roorietor exl>ended by the proprietor of an entailed estate, in the build-

bjr proprietor in building mansion-house, &c.

ing a marifion-house or offices, or in the repairing or adding to the mansion-house or offices upon his estate, may, after the expiration of one year from the death of the heir who expend-

war* after*1*the money, require the heir next succeeding to the estate to

year after ——

decease, re- pay the whole, or such part thereof as is due by the authority

quire heir foe- of this act, with the legal interest from the term at which the

succeeding heir's right to the rents of the estate did commence,

with interest* uPort receiving a proper discharge and assignment of the said

and on non-^the money is not paid within three months of payment for requisidon, it shall be lawful for the person or persons

3 months, having right, to sue the next succeeding heir, in the manner a-

may sue. hove directed for the recovering of money expended in the improvement of entailed estates.

Kiiles enacted

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

with respect said. That the same rules of relief among (ucceeding heirs of

to proprietors entail, and their heirs and successors, of the claim of debt, and making im- Df preference ir

provements, extended to claims here mentioned.

in competition for rents, and in subjecting defenders to the payment of costs, and for ascertaining the amount of the sum laid out, shall take place with regard to monies expended in the building, repairing, or adding to the riansion-houses Of offices upon entailed estates under the authority of this act, as are before enacted, with respect to monies expended by proprietors of entailed estates, in making improvements upon their estates for increasing the rents and value of them.

XXXII. And whereas it may frequently happen, that the inchft ing of lands in Scotland may be retarded or prevented, or at least rendered inconvenient y by heirs of entail not having it in their power to exchange small parcels of the lands of their entailed estates for o- ther lands convenient for the entailed eftatiy and more conducive to the improvement of the country in general: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for proprietors of entailed estates to excamb or make exchanges of land, with all and every person or persons, for the conveniency and advantage of the said estates, and for the improvement of the country where such estates are situated, by inclosing or otherways,

XXXIII. Provided, That not more than thirty acres of arable land, nor more than one hundred acres of lands consist-

be exchanged* ing of hills or other grounds incapable or improper by their nature for culture by the plough, of such entailed estates, lying together in one place er plot, shall be given in exchange; and for which that an equivalent in land, contiguous to the entailed estate an equivalent with which the exchange is to be made, shall be received in

D be made -.f tl10 lnn^ mupn in Avr*Vianor#» on/4 fnr trttrwr onrl

Proprietors of entailed estates impowered to exchange lands:

Limitation of quantity to

is to 1

from lands contiguous.

place of the land given in exchange

and for ascertaining and

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 5*u cg$9

adjusting the value of the lands proposed to be exchanged, an Value of lands application shall be made for that purpose, by the proprietorxcbaDgfd» of the entailed estate, to the sheriff or steward of the county

within which the entailed estate is situated, who thereupon*shall appoint two or more skilful persons to inspe# and adjust the value of the lands proposed to be excambed or exchanged; and upon such persons settling the, marches of the lands proposed to be exchanged, and reporting upon oath that the exchange will be just and equal, the sheriff or steward may, and is hereby required to authorise the exchange to be made by a contract of excambion; and which being executed and record-^property ed in the sheriff or steward books within three months after the thereofdetct-execution thereof, the same shall be effectual to all intents and mined, purposes; and the land given in exchange to the entailed estate shall be held to be a part thereof, and shall be fuhje# to all the prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive clauses of the entail* in the same manner as if it had been originally a part of the estate; and the lands given from the entailed estate shall from thenceforth be held as out of the entail, and be liberated from all the prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive clauses thereof,

XXXIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the au- to

thority aforesaid, That this a# shall extend to, and ootnpre- extend to alt bend, all tallies of lands or heritages in that part of Great tallies made Britain called Scotland, made or to be made, and whether prior in Scotland, or posterior to the said a# riade in the year one thousand $x hundred and eighty-five. SBKf

CAP. LIL

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain (um of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, fop the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy f and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliment,

[Preamble.]

1, 700, 0001. granted outpf the sinking fund, for the ferviof of the current year 5 to be issued by the treasury accordingly, Treasury impowered to raise the said sum, or any part thereof, by loans or cxche* quer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund $ and to strike tallies of leap; with orders for repayment of the money so advanced 3 and interest payable quarterly. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment, nor fee to be taken; on forfeiture of treble da* mages, with full costs. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or payments to be recovered in any of the courts of record at Westminster. No undue preference in the registering, where tallies or orders are brought the same day s nor if subsequent orders are paid before others hot brought in course, io as money be reserved for the precedent orders. '

Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it shall be judged more adyifeable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bills, instead of loans $ the bills in such case to be made as those prefenb-ed by the malt act of this session. All advantages and penalties in the malt act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby author-rifed to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend the said sum, notwithstanding aft 5 & 6 Will. & Mary,

The sum ofst9; 375l* 6d. 1 q, surplus of the sinking fond in the exchequer on 5 Jan 17705 77;, 140l. 16 s.q. and 13, 5961. 5 s. lot),

S Sujrplqljfes Remaining 1 %, the exchequer on $ Apr& 1770 3 400, 0001.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 52. [1769.

directed by act of last fttfion; and such money as shall be pud into the exchequer between 6 April 1770 and 5 April 1771, of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabick, charged by act 5 Geo. j, to be applied for the service of the current year. 20, 000 L out of monies paid into the exchequer between 6 April 1770 and 5 April 177X9 being the produce of dudes refereed towards expence of defending, &c. the British colonies in Amelia, fee. towards making good the sum granted for maintaining the garrisons in the plantations, and for provisions for the forces in North America, Nora Scotia, Newfoundland, and the Ceded islands; and 55, 495 ! Sd. iq. remaining in the office of the paymaster genual of ms Majesty's forces, and 394, 81. 3 s. 7 d. final balance of account of Thomas earl of Kinnonl, to be applied towards defraying the extraordinary exigences of the land forces, fee. incurred to 16 0ec. 1769, and not provided for. Appropriation of the supplies. The monies arising by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, and 299, 375b 6s. 6d. xq. remaining in the exchequer on 5 Jan, 1770, surplus of the sinking fund j and 773, >40l. 16s. tq. and i3, 596L 5s. and aq. Surpluses remaining on 5 April 77703 and 400, 0001. payable by act of last session; and such monies as shall be pud into die exchequer between 6 Apr. 1770 and 5 Apr. 1771, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic 3 and, 700*0001. mated by this act out of the sinking fond, together with the residue of the monies anting from the sale of French prizes taken before the declaration of war; ami also such monies as his Majesty shall di-rest, out of monies arising by sale of ceded lands in the West Indies j vis, out of the aforesaid aids, 1, 522, 0671. is. 11 d. towards naval services heron sperified j 100, 0001. towards paying off the dfeb&of the navy; 166, 984L hi. 5d. for charge of the office of ordnance, 40, 9331. 10s. 3d. to the said office, for ferrices performed in 1769, not provided for. 1, 468, 4871. is. sod. and one eighth of a penny, towards the land forces, and other ferrices in general; of which 6*4, 99*Ld. for defraying the charge of 17, 666 effective men, fee. and 15s* Invalids, for guards and garrisons, fee. in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey; 363, 1481. is. ltd. and one eighth of a penny, for guards and garrisons in the plantations, anji Africa, Minorca, and Gibraltar, fee. and provisions for the forces abroad 3 4, 5331, zs s. 8 d, to make good the difference of pay between the British and Irish establishment, of troops in the isle of Man, Gibraltar, Minorca, and ceded islands. 12, 203 1-8 s. 6 d. ia. for general and general staff officers; 113, 2331. 2 s. 6 d. to the reduced Officers of the land forcesaind marines; 1, 1801. is. 3d. to the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse.reduced; and to the superannuated gentlemen of the troops of horse guards; 4, 513 -I 16 s, 8 d. to reduced officers, with the 10th company of battalions reduced; 6641, to the peidions of officers widows; 111, 4231.4s. $d. to the out penfiouers of Chelsea Hospital; 175, 810l. xis. 6d. 1 q. towards extraordinary expences of the land forces, and other ferrices incurred, and not provided for; 45, 565b 11s. to the land-grave of Hesse Cartel; 1, 800, 0001. towards paying off exchequer bills issued pursuant: to an act of last session; 13, 1001. to make good to his Majesty the like sum issued pursuant to the addrefies of the house of commons; 20001. for a cartage to the house of commons 3 4, 2391. 5 d. for supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia 3 3, 0861. for the civil establishment of Georgia; 4, 7501. for the civil establishment of Bast Florida; 4, 800b for the civil establishment of West Florida; 1, 885 b 4 s. towards expence of general surveys in America; 13, 000l. for the forts and settlements in Africa, under the direction of the committee of the African company; 5550 I charges, of the civil establishment of Senegambia; 9, 650 b to the Foundling Hospital; 3, 500b towards apprenticing children from thence; 5000 b to inhabitants of Barbadoes, to defray expence of deanfing the channel, fee/ 50001. to Levant company; 20001. to trustees of the British $Aufseum. 71,000 b for discharging deots claimed upon forfeited estates, and the annuity claimed by Mary Mackenzie, widow, and for purchase of superiorities, fee. 6, 998b 10s. id. towards roads of communication ind bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, 796b y.s, 6d. to make

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 5ji $71

food to his Majesty the like sum, paid to several persons in the county of outhampton, in full satisfaction for the Losses they have incurred, pursuant to orders of council for preventing the fpreaoing of the distemper amongst the horned cattle; 6, 1951*8- 11 d. to enable his Majesty to make compensation to Fran.Dalby, merchant, for the loft of his ship the Britannia, &c. 46, 463 b iss. Sd. to replace to the sinking fund the like sum paid out of the same, to make good the deficiency of the fund for paying annuities established by act 31 Geo. *j 55, 0111. 7 s. 5 d. a q. to make good the deficiency of the grants for the year 1769; The said aids to be applied only to the uses before mentioned* Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. Act 9 Geo. 3. Rules to be observed in the application of the surplus of the sums appropriated to the payment of reduced officers. Treasury to issue to the receiver-general of the land rents and casualdes in Scotland a sum not exceeding 71,000l. towards paying debts, and discharging Mary Mackenzie's annuity and prices agreed to be paid to lords superiors, See. Creditors, by c July*

1770, to produce, in the court of exchequer in Scotland, the decrees sustaining their claims $ Barons to mak6 out debentures for Aims due thereon, and also for sums, and interest, due to lords superiors. Receiver to pay the same at fight. If decree not produced before c July, 1770,

Claim not to carry interest after the said day. Barons of exchequer, with content of the*treasury, may issue debentures for payment ot rewards to officers. Receiver to pay the same* No fee to be taken from creditor or lord superior, on forfeiture of 1001. and repayment of the sum exacted. In case any surplus remain after discharging debts, an* v nuity, &c. the same to be reserved for the disposition of parliament.

CAP. LIII.

An act to repeal an act passed in tie thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for relief of the coal-heavers working upon the river 'Thames', and for enabling them to make provision for such of themselves as shall be lick, lame, or past their labour, and for their widows and orphans, and to regulate the price of their labour; to prevent frauds and impositions on such labourers j and for their further relief.

WHEREAS <» aa made in the thirty-first year

[Preamble.]

reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An act for the relief of the coal-heavers working upon the river Thames; and for enabling them to make a provision for such of themselves as shall be lick, lame, or past their labour, and for their widows and orphans; hath been found ineffectual to answer the good purposes thereby intended; and for want of due regulation in payment of the wages and hire of the said coal-heavers, being labourers employed in unloading ships laden with coals, great impositions and frauds have been committed by coal-undertakers, being persons employed to procure coal-heavers to unload such ships on the river Thames; whereby such coal-heavers have been deprived of great part of the fruits of their labour, by means whereof great disturbances and inconveniencies have arisen: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 53; [1769.

Cconsent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the After June ^me» That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one 1770, the act thousand seven hundred and Teventy, the said act, and every of 31 Geo. a. part thereof, shall be and (land repealed, repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That no coal-undertaker shall Coal-under- take, receive, or demand, of or from any coal-heaver, any tok^hy0tra- or of money, or other valuable thing whatsoever, as

tuityofcoaU* or ^or commission, or as a reward or gratuity for procuring heavers be- such coal-heaver to be employed in unloading ships loaded with tween London coals between London Bridge and Greenwich, nor by or under Bridge and pretence of furnishing (hovels or other tools for that purpose, reenwic, of Qr UIUjer any other pretence or claim whatsoever, under on penalty of th penalty of five pounds for every offence, and of being ren-51, andinca- dered for ever thereafter incapable of exercising the trade or pacity. business of a coal-undertaker.

Coal-under- M- And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That taker to take every such coal-undertaker, before he shall undertake to pro-the following cure coal-heavers to unload any such ship loaden with coals as aforesaid, shall take and subscribe the following oath before the lord mayor, or one of the aldermen of the city of London $ that is to say.

I A B do swear, That I will well and truly exercise the bufinefi of a coal-undertaker; and that so long as I shall continue to exercise that business, I will in all things conform myself to the di-regions of an act of parliament made in the tenth year of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to repeal an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for relief of the coal-heavers working upon the river Thames; and for enabling them to make provision for such of themselves as shall be fid, lame, or pafi their labour, and for their widows and orphans; and to regulate the price of their labour; to prevent frauds and impositims on such. labourers and for their further relief

So help me God,

Penalty on upon pain forfeiting for every ship loaden with coals, for neglect. the discharge of which he shall undertake to procure coal-

Oath to be heavers, the sum of five pounds; which said oath shall be in-

Enrolled. rolled among the records of the court of lord mayor and aider-

men of the city of London aforesaid.

Victuallers

IV. And be it further enacted, That no such coal-under-&r. not to act taker shall be a victualer, or concerned directly or indirectly, as coal-un- either in hrs own name or in the name of any other person, or dertakers, by way of partnership or agreement, to receive any part of the profits of such trade, or in any other manner in the selling bread, meat, or other eatables, wine, beer, or spirituous liquors, or other drink of any kind or foecies whatsoever, or of on penalty of tobacco, upon pain of forfeiting* tire Kim of five pounds, ?n<T 51. and in-

capacity.

*769 "1 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 535 ^73

of being rendered incapable for ever of exercuing the said bu* fmefs of a coal-undertaker: and if any such coal-undertaker after conviction, and being adjudged to pay such lad mentioned penalty, or the penalty herein before inflicted for taking, receiving, or demanding any sum or sums of money, or other valuable thing whatsoever, as commission, or as a reward or gratuity for procuring coal-heavers to be employed in unloading ships loaden with coals, shall again undertake to procure coal-heavers to unload ships loaden with coals; such offender penalty on shall, for every ship loaden in part or in the whole with coajs, subsequent which he shall, after such conviction and adjudication, under- offence, take to procure coal-heavers to unload, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy, there shall be one fixed and settled price for the hire or labour of all such persons as shall be employed in discharging ships or vessels loaded with coal in the river Thames, videlicet, one shilling and sixpence per score, Persons dif-and no more, and so in proportion for any greater or less^, arghig coal Quantity; and if any captain or owner, or other person or per- g^ions having the care of any such ship or vessel, shall pay, or

Cause to be paid, directly or indirectly, to any gang of coal- and inpropor-heavers, or separate coal-heaver, or to any other person or per- tion for great-

(irtne nrVinmfrtAt? lofc fiim Of ICli

fons whomsoever, any greater or less sum or hire or wages thani uantitics is hereby directed or appointed as aforesaid; such person or <^ner> &c. persons shall, for each offence, forfeit the sum of ten shillings; paying* great-

except such price or wages for labour shall be altered by virtue er or less price, of this act in the manner herein after directed. forfeits 10s.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fence.

the court held in the city of London, commonly called the court Exception. of lord mayor and aldermen^ is hereby authorised and impowered. Court of in the month of January in every year, to alter, as they shall "?yor and judge it necessary and convenient, the price, sum of money, pay, annualfy, ST* or wages, hereby directed to be paid to such persons as shall be january/alter employed in discharging ships or vessels loaded with coals as a- the said price; foresaid; 10 which alterations all persons shall conform them- to which al-selyes, under the penalties hereby directed and infiicted. teration all

VII. And be it further enacted, That every captain or matter Per^ns ar* of a ship or vessel, loaden or to be loaden with coals* his agent AteTship or factor, or agents or factors, shall, after his ship shall be un- shall be unloaded within the limits aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid on de- loacted, ma-mand to the foreman of the gang, who shall have been employ- fter»to ed to unload the same, or to such other person as he shall appoint, {b^an of all and every sum or sums of money due for unloading such ship; the gang, the and such foreman of the said gang, after he shall have received money due for such sum or sums of money, shall pay or cause to be paid toun]l°?dinS» each of the said gang, which shall be employed in unloading topayto^ach such ship, his share of such sum or sums of money: and if such man his share, sum or sums of money shall, in either case, not be paid and fa- If money not tisfied on demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for any per-'Paid ?n demand, com-lon plaint may be

374 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 53; tl7^9*

made to lord son so aggrieved, to apply and compl&in to the lord mayor, or mayor, &c. atly one Of the aldermen of the city of London aforesaid, for re-who may de- dress5 who shall and may, with all convenient speed, hear the terraine the said eomplaint and determine the same: and if such captain or master of any ship or vessel shall be adjudged indebted to the gang complaining, who shall have been employed to unload the Arne ship or vessel; or such foreman of the said gang shall be adjudged indebted to the said gang, or any of them complain* I ing; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lord mayor j d fe th or Mermen before whom such complaint shall be heard* by debt^with*warrant under his hand and seal, forthwith, and without delay* costs (not ex- to cause such debt, together with the costs and charges attend-ceeding tos.) ing such complaint, not exceeding twenty shillings, as such may* I to be levied by or or a]dermen shall judge reasonable, to be levied by distress I

Sy^want of an<* goods and chattels of the person indebted; and

istress, of- for want of such distress, or sufficient distress, to commit him to fender to be either of the compters within the said city, there to remain un-- committed, til such debt, costs and charges shall be fully paid and satisfied. I Waeesofcoal-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the wages and hire of I heaver* to be coal-heavers shall be paid by the masters or owners of ships, or paid in cur- their agents, to the foreman of the gang, and by him divided a*

relit commong the said coal-heavers, in current coin, and not by way of

barter or exchange, in any goods, wares, merchandizes, meat, Coal-beaver or materials for wearing apparel, under the penalty of

leaving ship pounds.

before he is

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That discharged, if any coal-heaver employed in discharging or unloading any to be punished ship or vessel as aforesaid, shall leave such ship before (he be ful-neras labour- ty discharged, not being obliged thereto by sickness or other ac-ers leaving cident, and not being prevented from working by any neglect their work or default of the master or owner of such ship> or the officers'

unfinished, appointed to attend the delivery thereof; every person so of-

employ1 his* fending shall be liable to be punished in the same manner as own mariners other labourers are, 'by law, liable to be punished for leaving in discharging their work unfinished or unperformed.

ship of coals, X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-they flialVa^ thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for gree upon f every captain or master of a ship or vessel loaden or to be load- or coal-heav- cn with coals within the limits aforesaid, to employ his own ers, or other mariners in discharging his said ship or vessel, and to pay them £>* them»T as an<* ftsdl agree; or to procure coal-heavers or other directed by persons to discharge the same, upon paying such coal-heavers this act. or other persons the pay or wages by this act directed and in*

AH penalties tended to be paid to coal-heavers.

informertbC And ^urt^er enacted by the authority aforesaid,

to be'recover- That all and every penalty and penalties in this act mentioned ed before and contained, shall gp to the informer; and shall be recovered lord mayor, before the lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen of the city or one alder- of Lonjon.9 and be levied by distress and sale of the goods and an<Tlevied by chattels of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal distress. of the said mayor or aldermen before whom the same shall be

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 53. 375

recovered; and for want of such distress, or sufficient distrefi, For want such offender shall, for every offence, be committed by the said dutreist offen-lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen of the said city of der to be London, to either of the compters of the said city, for any term committed, or space not exceeding thirty nor less than fifteen days.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Disputtgtobe That all disputes and differences that shall or may at any time determined by or times, during the continuance of this act, be or arise be- l°rd mayor, tween, any captain or matter of any ship or vessel loaden with £[a^ne alder" coals, the said coal-undertakers or coal-heavers, or two or*more of them, within the limits aforesaid, shall be adjudged

and determined before the said lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen of the said city of London, and before no other court or courts, magistrates or magistrate whatsoever, in the same \n Uke m*n-manner as disputes and differences between matters and fef- ner as disputes vants in husbandry are, by law, directed to be adjudged and determined, and no otherwise; except in cases where such huT-

matters are or shall be altered, on otherwise provided for by bandry. this att, ' Exception:

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, perfOI^s a- That in case any person or persons shall think himself or them- grieved nwV selves aggrieved v by any adjudication or determination of the appeal to the lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen of the said city of quarter-fcf-London; it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or fion8*persons so aggrieved, to appeal to the general quarter sessions

of the peace to be held for the said city of London, or any adjournment thereof, for redress, whose determination shall be who ma final; which court is hereby authorised and impowered to a- terminefinal-ward costs not exceeding forty shillings, either to the com-ly* plainant or defendantf as such court shall think just and rea-n<| award sonable; and to cause the same to be levied and paid as debts cecdinff^s." are herein before directed to be levied and paid.*

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Foreman ofe-That the sum of sixpence in the pound shall be stopped and very gang deducted by the foreman of every gang out of the several sums may flop s d. of money lo to be paid for the hire and wages of coal-heavers

so discharging such ships or vessels as aforesaid; and the money heavers wages so stopped and deducted shall, from time* to time be paid to Charles Martyn, of Jermyn Street, Saint James's$ gentleman, or such person or persons as he shall direct, until the full funr of till 3001. be three hundred pounds shall be fully paid and satisfied, for pay- paid towards ing and discharging the costs, charges, and other expences in- ot.ob«

Cur red in obtaining and patting this act; and the several fore- 1 w

men shall be answdrable to the said Charles Martyn for the same; and the same shall be from time to time, in case of On nonpay- neglect or refusal of payment, levied and enforced in such meat, may be manner as is directed With respect to the debts due from ma- icvic<*v fters of ships, or their agents, to coal-heavers.

XV. And bc lt further enacted by the authority aforesaid^ L; m; tat; on 0j That if any action shall be brought or commenced against any actions. person^ or persons for any matter or thing done in pursuance of

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 53, -58. [1769.

this' aft, then, and in such case, such action or suit shall be brought or commenced within six calendar months next after the (aft committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, and tried in the city of London, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may General ifloe. plead the general issue, and give this act and the (pedal matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or afiions, suit or suits; or if upon verdict or demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble Treble celts. c°fts> and have such remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases by law.

---

[Publick act.]

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever without specially pleading the same.

[This act to be in force for 3 years, &c.]

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall remain and continue to be in force for the term or space of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. LIV.

An act for amending the road from Saint Stephen's gate, in the city of Norwich, to Block Hill in Trowse, at the angle where the road divides to Bixley and Kirby, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LV.

An act for repairing and widening several roads in the county of Cardigan.

CAP. LVI.

An act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LVII.

An act for the better regulating the navigation of the river Trent, from Wilden Ferry, otherwise Cavendish Bridge, in the county of Derby, to Gainsborough, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for amending the road from Aylesbury, in the county of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 59 — 65. 377

the turnpike road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the county of Oxford.

CAP. LIX.

An act to continue and render more effectual An act of the thirty first year of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads in the counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis; and for repairing the road from the turnpike road at the Three Ashes, in the parish of Crewkerne, in the county of Somerset, and other, roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act for amending the road from Christopher's Bridge, in the borough of Thetford, in the county of Suffolk, to the north-east end of the town of Newmarket, in the county of Cambridge.

CAP. LXI.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York, so far as the same relates to the road from Leeds to Wakefield.

CAP. LXII.

An act for the repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Eaton Bridge, turnpike road at Cockham Hill, in the parish of Westerham, in the county of Kent, through the village of Limpsfield, to the village of Titsey, over Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and Willingham common, to the turnpike road leading from Croyden to Godstone, in the county of Surry.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Upton, in the parish of Ratley, to the north end of Bridge Street, in the town of Great Kington; and from thence to the guide post at the town of Wellesbourne Hastings, in the county of Warwick.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Lewes to Brighthelmston, in the county of Sussex.

CAP. LXV.

An act for repairing the road from the bridge on the old river at

378 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 66 — 72. [1769.

at Barton to Brandon Bridge in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Tunstall, in the county of Stafford, to Bosley in the county of Chester; and from Great Chell, to Shelton in the said county of Stafford.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for amending and widening the road from Saint Benedict's gate, in the county of the city of Norwich to Swaffham, in the county of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny bridge in Honingham, to the bounds of Yaxham; and also a lane called Hangman's lane, near the gates of the said city.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for continuing the terms, and enlarging the powers, of several acts of parliaments made for repairing the road from Ipswich to Cleydon, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. LXIX.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act of the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the second, for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick (through Elmdom) to a lane leading by the end of Stonebridge in the said County.

CAP. LXX.

An act to enlarge the term contained in two several acts of parliament, and to grant a further term and powers for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending the road from a place called Earl's Kill in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate in Wigan, both in the county of Lancaster.

CAP. LXXI.

An act to continue two acts, of the third and seventeenth years of the reign of King George the second, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the parish of South Mims, in the county of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Bicester in

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 73 — 80. 379

the county of Oxford, to Aylesbury in the county of Bucks.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act to empower the justices of the peace, for the county of Devon to apply a sum of money, out of the county stock, for the opening, making, and maintaining a convenient and commodious highway, from the high street in the city of Exeter to the castle of Exeter.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twentieth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Cirencester in the county of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill in the said county.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for building a workhouse in the parish of Saint Martin in the fields, within the liberty of Westminster in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair the road from New Chappell, in the county of Surry, over Copthorn, in the county of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the town of Ditchling, up to the top of Pitchling Bost Hills, in the said county of Sussex.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for amending and widening the road from Saint Stephen's gate, in the county of the city of Norwich, to the Windmill in the town of Watton, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for amending and widening several roads leading from the Bell in Stoke Ferry in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act to enable the parishioners of Saint Andrew, Holborn, London, to purchase a workhouse.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for building a workhouse for the liberty of Saffron-Hill, Hatton-Garden, and Ely-rents, in the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the county of Middlesex.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 81 — 84. [1796.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for consolidating the rates to be made for the relief of the poor of the respective parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the city of New Sarum.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, so far as the said act relates to the repairing and widening the road from Hindhead Heath, in the county of Surry, through Fernhurst lane and Midhurst, to the city of Chichester, in the county of Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the road from Chichester aforesaid to Delkey, in the said county.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act to continue and render more effectual several acts for repairing and amending the road from Biggleswade, in the county of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury to the top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton common, in the county of Huntingdon; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road leading out of the aforesaid road at or near the Ferry-house, in the parish of Temsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the turnpike road at the end of Cross Hall lane.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for enlarging the term granted by an act of the twenty eighth year of his late Majesty's reign, "for repairing and widening the road from Sutton, in the county of Surrey, through the borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam and over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said county;" and for impowering the trustees appointed by an act of the tenth year of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing several roads in the counties of Surrey and Sussex, to make a yearly allowance to the trustees appointed by the said act of the twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for taking certain roads out of the power of the trustees appointed by the said act of the tenth of George the First, and putting them under the direction

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 85 — 89. 381

of the trustees appointed by the said act of the twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for repairing the road from Povey Cross, in the county of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the counties of Surrey and Sussex; and also the road from Woodhatch to Peteridge Lane, in the county of Surrey.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for repairing and widening the several roads from the South Gate, in the borough of King's-Lynn, into the parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke-ferry, and Downham-market, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the, roads from the East Gate, in the borough of King's-Lynn, into the parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the gate next Hillington, on Congham common, and to the north end of Babingley lane, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the First year of the reign of his present Majesty, "for repairing and widening the road from the east end of West Taphouse lane to the borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House, and also the road from the said borough of Liskeard to Craft Hole, and from thence to Crimple Passage and Tar Point, and from Craft Hole aforesaid to Saint German's Beacon, in the counties of Cornwall and Devon," and for amending the roads from Barn Street to Duloe Church, and from Lux Street to Crathick Ford, and from Bull Post to Treworgey Cross, in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for repairing and widening, the road from Whitchurch, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the county of Berks.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Stockport in the county of Chester, to Saxon's lane End in the county of Lancaster, and other roads in the said act mentioned.

382 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 90 — 97. [1769.

CAP. XC.

An act to continue, amend, and render more effectual the several acts now subsisting for repairing the road from Dunchurch to Stone Bridge, in the county of Warwick.

CAP. XCI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the several roads leading from the town of Bromyard, in the county of Hereford, therein mentioned, and for amending several other roads adjoining thereto.

CAP. XCII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Worksop to the turnpike road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the great northern road at South Mulkam, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for building a bridge over the river Clyde, near the town of Hamilton, in the county of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain roads and avenues leading to the same.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for amending the road from Wellsbourn Mountfort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick.

CAP. XCV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Brighthelmston, to the County oak on Lovell Heath, in the county of Sussex.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Bury Saint Edmunds, to the town of Newmarket, in the counties of Suffolk and Cambridge; and from the south end of the Ferry Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said county of Suffolk.

CAP. XCVII.

An act to extend the provisions in two acts passed in the third and fifth years of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Cambridge to Ely, and, from Ely to Littleport; and others roads therein mentioned, to the road from Wilburton to Mepall; and for making other provision for repairing the said road from Ely to Littleport; and for

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 98 — 103.

making and keeping in repair a road from Littleport to Chequer Corner in Downham, in the counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for repairing, widening, and altering the road from Macclesfield, in the county of Chester, to the turnpike road at Randle Carr lane Head in Fernilee, in the county of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith, in the same county.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Tamworth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby.

CAP. C.

An act to continue the term, and to vary and enlarge the powers of two acts of the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the highways from Speenhamland, in the county of Berks, to Marlborough, in the county of Wilts; and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. CI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Burford to Banbury, in the county of Oxford; and from Burford aforesaid to the turnpike road leading to Stow, in the county of Gloucester, at the bottom of Stow-Hill; and from Swerford-gate, in the said county of Oxford, to the turnpike road in Aynho, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. CII.

An act to amend an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the county of Derby, to the river Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap; and for granting further powers for that purpose.

CAP. CIII.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, between Bewdley and Titton

384 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 104 — 108. [1769.

Brook, in the county of Worcester, to cross the river Trent, at or near Heywood Mill, in the county of Stafford, and to communicate with a canal intended to be made between the said river Trent and the river Mersey; and for granting further powers for that purpose.

CAP. CIV.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the thirty-second year of the reign of King George the Second, for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of Glasgow, and for building a bridge cross the said river, from the said city, to the village of Gorbells.

CAP. CV.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal and waggon way, from the collieries in the parishes of Old and New Monkland, to the city of Glasgow.

CAP. CVI.

An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act made in the thirty-first year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the village of Magor, to the bridge foot in the town of Chepstow in the county of Monmouth, and other roads in the counties of Monmouth and Gloucester; and for repairing and widening several other roads adjoining to the said roads.

CAP. CVII.

An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of three acts for repairing the highways through the several parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

CAP. CVIII.

An act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of three acts of parliament, for repairing the roads from Sevenoaks, Tunbridge-Wells, and Kipping's-Cross, to Lamberhurst-Pound, and Pullin's-Hill, in the county of Kent; and to Flimwell-Vent, in the county of Sussex; as relates to the road leading from Seven-oaks common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge-Wells, and Kipping's-Cross, in the said county of Kent.

1769.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 109 — 114. 385

CAP. CIX.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Louth, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. CX.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor of the parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the liberty of Westminster and county of Middlesex.

CAP. CXI.

An act for compleating the navigation of the river Swale, from its junction with the river Ure to Morton Bridge, and of Bedale Brook, in the county of York, and for repealing part of an act made in the seventh year of His present Majesty's reign relating thereto.

CAP. CXII.

An act for building a new parish church, and declaring the present parish church a chapel; for making a cemetery or church-yard; and for building an house for the use of the minister of the parish of Saint Mary le bone, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. CXIII.

An act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the roads from Butterton Moor End near Oncott, in the county of Stafford, to the three mile stone in the turnpike road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the county of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road leading from Buxton to Ashborne near Newhaven, in the county of Derby, and from Warstow to Ecton Mine, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. CXIV.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from Leeds Bridge, in the county of York, to the North Lady's Walk in Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the river Mersey.

The End of the twenty-eighth Volume.

