Statutes* at fcajrge.

Anno vicefimo Georgii III. Regis.

; 1

Being the SIXTH Seflion of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

BY

P ANB Y PICKERING, of Grav’s Inn, Efq j

Vol. XXXIII. Part I,

V

Digitized by

Google

THE



Statutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DAN BY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq; Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXIII.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by J O H N ARC HDE AC ON, Printer to the UNI VER S IT Y; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Crofs-Keys, oppofite St.Dunftan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1780.

CUM PRIFILE

Digitized

Goc e

T	A  A B	L	E  •
S T	O F T H E  A T U	T	E

PUB LICK and PRIVATE,

Palled Anno

GEORGII III. Regis..

Being the Sixth Selfion of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUB L1C KACTS.

Cap. i.T?0 R holding the enfuing election of a knight of the X1 (hire for the county of	,	at the town of

New	Alresford, in the faid county.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fcrvice of the year one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fcrvice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty.

Cap. 4.. For continuing an alt, made in the laft feflion of parliament, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown filk in any /hips or	vejfels, for a limited time.

0' Cap. 5. For further continuing an a&, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An ail to im~ power his Majefty to feture and detain perfons charged , or fu~ JpcSled of,\the crime of high treafon, committed in any of his Majefiy’s colonies or plantations in America, or on the high or the crime of piracy.

Cap. 6. To repeal certain a<fts made in Great , which reftrain the trade and commerce of Ireland with foreign parts. Vot. XXXIII.	a	Cap^

Digitized by Go

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

"Cap. 7. To amend an ai<ft, made in the eighteenth year of the* reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aR to explain and amend fomuch of an aR, made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majejlyy as relates to the preventing the clandefline conveyance of Ju~ gar and pancles from the Britifh colonies and plantations in America into Great Britain. ^	*

Cap. g. To ind^paiify fuch officers of tjrtte militia at have not tranfmitted'to the clefks of the peace defliriptions of fheir qualifications, and certificates of their having taken the oaths as required ; and for allowing further Vimte for the delivery of de-fcriptions of qualifications by fuch officers of the militia; and fof obliging the captain lieutenant^ delivef in a dfcfeription of his qualification.	"v x

Cap. 9. For extending the provifions of two afls, made in the eighteenth year of his/preftnt ^M^fty** fejgrt, and In the laft feflion of parliament, with refpeft to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanijh prize goods$ and tor repealing fo much of the faid laft-mentioned a& as relates'fo the certificates for prize tea and Eajl India goods exported'from this kingdom to Ireland; for.the removal of Eajl India goods condemned as prize at any out-port to Londdn forfalei and'of pritt goods tor exportation ; and for reducing the duty on foreign prize tobacco.

* Gap. 10. To pllow the trade'betweenTrribw/ and tht Britijb-colonies and plantations in America and thft IVefi Indies, and the Britijh fettlements on. the coaft of Africa, to be carried on in like manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the laid colonies and fettlements.

Cap. 11. For continuing the term and powers of an a<5, maeftf in the thirtv-fecond^ year of the reign of his late majefty King George the second, intituled, An aR for laying a duty of two pennies Scots,, or one fixth part of a penny Jlerling, upon every Scots Pint of ale, porter, and beer, which jbaU be brewed for Jak, brought into, tapped, or fold\ within the town <?/Kelfo, in the Jhite of Roxburgh, for finijhing a bridge crofs the river Tweed, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 12. For punching mutiny and defcrtion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 12. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on more.

Cap. 14. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England* for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand fcven hundred and eighty.

Cap. 15. For repealing lb much of an aft, made in the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aR for amending and rendering more effitRual an aR, made in the tenth year of bis Majefty s reign, intituled,M An oRfor building a new pari/b church, and declaring the prefent a parifh church or chapel; for making a car-metery, or churchyard; and for building an houfe for the ufe of the vnnifter of the pdrijh efSzint Mary-Ie-bone, in the county of Mid-dlefcx;” as impowers the veftrymen of the faid parifh to build

a

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

I	church upon a certain parcel of ground, in the laid parifh, belonging to Henry Wiliam Portman, efquire, heretofore parcel of a certain dofe, called The Fifteen Acres.

. Cap. 16. For raifing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for eftabiilhing a lottery.

Cap. 17. To remove certain- difficulties relative to voters at county eledions.	»	•

Cap. 18. To repeal fo much of an ad made in the nineteenth year of the reign of Henry the Seventh,or of any other ads which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying, coin out of this realm into Ireland; and fo much of certain ads, made in Great Britain, which prohibit the importation of foreign hops into Inlandjlt\& which take off the drawback upon hops exported from-Grtat Britain to Irelands and to allow the importation into, and exportation from,	Ireland, of fuch goods as may be imported ifh-

to, or exported from, Great Britain, by the merchants of

land trading to	xht Levant leas. '

Cap. 19. To continue feveral Jaws relating to the better fe-Curing the lawful trade of his Majeftyfs fubjeds to and from thft Eajl Indies, and for the more effedual preventing all his Majefty’s fubjeds trading thither under foreign commiffions; to the importing fait from Europe into the'province of Quebec in America; to the permitting the free importation of raw goat (kins into tbit kingdom; to the allowing the exportation of Certain quantified of wheat, and other''articles, to his MajeftyYfugar Coloqies in America •, and to the permitting the exportktton of tobaccopipfc olay from this kingdom to she Britijb fugar colonies orplanta-sions in the	Weft-Indies.	• V"

" Cap. 20. For the better fupply-of mariners and featnen to ferve in his Majefty’s (hips of war, and oft board merchahtfhips, and other trading (hips and vedels. :

■ Cap. 21. For amending and rendering more effedual two ads, paded in the tenth and eleventh years of his prelent Majefty’g reign, for better Jupplyittg the city ef Wdrcefter, and the liberties thereof, with water, and for the better paving and lighting the fend stiff, and for removing and preventing illobftruflions and annoyances ■therein. _	: *

Cap. 22. For the better government and regftlatidn'bf the poor, in the town1 arid parifhof Madjttnti in the county of Kent.

: Cap. 23. To amend an admade in the laft feffion of partial Thent, intituled, An ad for the encohrogement of feamen, and the -there fpeedy and effedual manning hts Majeftfs navy, artd-for task-#»g further provifions foMhofe-pttfpOKS.-

Cap, 24. For converting into money fhe^attote labour,in the dlewartry of Kirkcudbright, for’the purpofo’of repairing’the bigh-wvays, bridges, and ftrries, wkhin the faid fteWartry. •

1 • -Gap. 25. Forraperiing the duties poya&eupon pot arid pearl afhes, wood and weed ames, imported into Great Britain, and Wotf-atonting dthof duties in Keu tHcreofj-fbra limited time;.

Cap. 26. For repairing, enlarging, atw prefdviftg theharbour of /iberyflwytbi in the county of Cetdiganr

.	a	2	*	Cap,

A TABLE of the STATUTES. '

Cap. 27. For building a bridge acrofs the river Wye, between IVhiincy and Clyfford, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 28. For granting to his Majefty feyeral additional duties on advertifemems; and certain duties on receipts for legacies, or for any lhareof a perfonal eflate divided by force of the ftatute of diftributions, or the cuftona of any .province or place.

Cap. 29. To protect goods or merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the ifiands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on board neutral veflels bound to neutral ports, dur* ing the prefent hoftilities.

Cap. 30. For granting to his Majefty feveral additional duties upon wines and.vinegar imported; into this kingdom.

Cap. 31. For allowing a bounty 00 the exportation of Britijb corn and grain, in fhips the property of perfons of any kingdom or date in amity with his Majefty, ' v . *

Cap. 32. For enlarging the . powers of an aft, made in the twentieth year of his late majefty King George the Second, for building a bfidge crofsthy river Thamesfrom the patijb of Walton upon Thames, in the county of Surrey, Shepperton, in the county ^Middlcfex.

Cap. 33. To explain,and amend an aft, made in the feven-teenth ye*ir of the rpign^f/his prefent Majefty, intituled. An all ea repeal an afl, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, 44 The majler of the rolls impowered to make Uajts for yc?rs9 in order to, new buifd the old.houfes belonging to the rills	and, for the belter regulating the .method pjgranting leafes of

yhe jaid fills ejlate fit the future $ and far making compenfation to the earl of Macclcsheld, and fir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial *igbtSc4$d inter efts in certain Uajes made of .the rolls eflate \ and for regulating the method of making leafes of the/aid ejlate for t he future.

Cap. 34. For granting to. his Majefty additional duties upon fait; and for regulating the exportation ofJait tp th slfie of Man.

Cap. 35. For granting fp his Majefty additional duties upon malt, and upon low wines and fpirits made for home confump-Tion, and upon foreign, fpirijta imported inKQ,Great Britain, and upon fh^ produce of the faid feveral dudes; and for granting a duty on licences to be taken but by aU perfons trading in, vend-ingvpr-feHing of, coffee, tea, or chocolate, v

Cap, 36. For obviating doubts, touching the binding and rcj ceivingof poor children apprentices, in purfuaooe of feveral afts of parliament made for tire relief of the poor within particular incorporated hundreds or diftrifts; and for afeerraining the fet-tlement of baftard children born in the houfes of induftry within fuch hundreds or diftrifts*

Cap. 37. To continue, for a limited time, fo much of an aft* made in the laft feflion of pari lament, for the more eafy and better recruiting bis Majefty e land forces and marines, as relates to the encouragement of volunteers.

Cap. 38. Tovelt oeftaii? mefluages, lands*, tenements, and .hereditaments, in truftees, for the better fecuring his Majefty’* docks, (hips, and (tores, at Plymouth and Sheernejs\ and for bet-i	ter

A TABLE of the ST ATUTES.

ter defending the paiTage of the river Thames at Gravefend and Tilbury Fort.

t Cap. 39. To admit to an entry into this kingdom, under certain rcftriftions, tobacco imporred not direftly from the place of its growth or produce, and for granting an additional duty on fuch tobacco, during the prefent hoftilities.

Cap. 40. To repeal To much of an aft, njade in the fifteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, (for fettling Buckingham Houfe upon the Queen in lieu of Sortierfet Houfe, and for other purpofes),** en-i ables the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury to apply the fums neceflary for completing Somerfet Houfe, out of the aids granted for naval fervices, or out of any of the revenues arifing from the receipt of the feveral offices to be erefted and eftablifhed by virtue of the faid aft.

Cap. 41. To Continue an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, intituled/ An aft for rendering the payment of the creditors of infolvent debtors more equal and expedite ous, end for regulating the diligence of the law by arrefment and poinding, and for extending the privilege of bills to propitfory notes, and for limiting aftions upon bills and prorhiJJ'ory notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

- Cap. 42. For granting to his Majefly feveral additional duties upon certain goods imported into the Ifle of Man** and for better regulating the trade and fecuring the revenues of the faid ifland.

Cap. 43. For railing a certain fum of money by loans or ex-' chequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand i'even hundred and eighty.

Cap. 44. To explain an aft of the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for augmenting the militia \ and to declare valid and effectual the fwearing in and inrolment of militia men, fuh-ftirutes, and volunteers, in cafes where all the provifions of the feveral afts now in being, relative thereto, have not been ob-ferved , and to indemnify deputy lieutenants, chief magiftrares,' and juftices of the peace, for their proceedings therein refpec-tively; to declare Valid and effeftual the commiffions granted* by deputy lieutenants, in the abfence of the lieutenant of any ooutity out of the kingdom, to officers commanding volunteer companies; and to indemnify deputy lieutenants and officers tyho have granted, or afted under, fuch commilfibnsj and to enlarge the powers of deputy lieutenants in certain cafes.

. Cap. 45. To permit goods, the produft or manufacture of certain places within the Levant or Mediterranean feas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in Briti/h Or foreign vef-fels from any place whatfoever; and for laying a duty on cotton and Cotton wool imported into this kingdom in foreign lhips or veflels, for a limited time.	'

Cap. 46. To allow the exportation of provifions, goods, wares, and merchandize, from Great Britain* to certain towns,: portr.or places, in North America, which are or may be under the proteftion of bis Majefty’s ajrm&; and from fuch towns, i;	a	3	porta

A TABLE of the STATUTES:

ports or places, to Great	Britain, and other parts of his Majedy'l

dominions.

Cap. 47. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments;, aod to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole admifiions have been omitted to be damped according to law, or,- having been damped, have been lod or m>fcid; and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly damped; and to give further time to fuch peribns as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors.

■	Cap. 48. For repairing, lighting, watching, and cleanfing, the high dreet or road, called Gofwe, leading from Alderf-

gate-bars, without Alderfgate, Londto the houfe of fVoodhoufe Cokergentleman, near the turnpike at the end of the faid dreet or road, in the county of Middlefex; and alto	,

boufe-yard, the north fide of Fan's-all Mount-mill, and court, contiguous to the faid dreet or road, on the ead and wed fides thereof;. and for removing nuilances therefrom, and preventing tfie like for the futrue.

■	Cap. 49. To ved certain mefluages,.lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trudees, for the better Securing his Majedyts dock, (hips, and dores, at Chatham.

QaPt 50. For exempting the city of	,	in	the county

of	Southampton, the town of Shrewsbury, and the county of ,

out of the provifions of an a<51 made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majedy King George the Second, intituled. Ate a£t for regulating the quartering of foldien during the time of the tlefiions of members to ferve in par; fo far as the fame relates to the removal of troops during the elections of members to ferve in parliament, for a limited time.

! Cap. 51. For repealing an aid, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefect Majedy, intituled. An for granting to his Mafefly certain duties on licences to he taken out by all perfons let-tingborfys to hire, for travelling in the manner therein mentioned i arid certain duties on all borfes let to hire for the purpofes of travelling	tjft, and by	time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned;

and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 52. For granting to his Majedy additional duties upon darch and hair powder imported, and upon darch made in Great Britain, and upon fweets.

Cap. 53. For raifiog a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, far the Ter vice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty.

, Cap. 54. For appointing and. enabling commiffioners to examine, take, and date the publick accounts of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hands of accountants, which.may be applied to the publick (entice; and what defefts-...	there

Digitized by v^ooQie

A TABLE of the STATUTES.'

there are in the prefent mode of receiving, collecting, ifluirigj and accounting for publick money; and in What more expedi- ' tious and effectual, and lefs expenfive manner, the (aid fervices ban i* future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the publick.

Cap. 55. To repeal (b much of an a£t, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, as reftrains the removal of wool, and other articles, to certain times and hours therein mentioned.

Cap. 56. For continoing in the pofleffion of the united com* pany of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, for i further time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acqui-fitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eajl Indies', and fot reviving, and continuing for a further time, fo much of an a<51, made in the tbiiteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An all far ejlaili/hing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the Eaft India company, as well in India as in Europe,) as hath expired in the courfe of the prefent year; and for indemnifying the faid company for any money they have paid, or may pay, in or about the building of three Ihips of the line for the fervice of the publick.

Cap. 57. For enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of one million, for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned.

•	Cap. 58. For granting further time for allowing the drawback

on the exportation ofcoiffee imported by the	company,

in the (hip Europa,in the year one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-five.

•	Cap. 59. To impower his Majefty to prohibit the exporta* tion, and to reftrain the carrying coaftwife, of copper in bars, of topper in (heets, for a limited time.

-	Cap. 60. To explain and amend two adts made in the fifteenth and fix teenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, with refpedt to the limits of the Greenland leas and (heights, and the feas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the time for the return of the veflels employed in the whale fimeries.

-	Cap. 61. For continuing the encouragement and reward of perlbns making certain difcoveries for finding the longitude at fea, or making other ufeful difcoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto.

Cap. 62. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money but of the (inking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this femon of parliament.

Cap. 63. To indemnify fuch perforis as have adled in the fup-preflion of the late riots and tumults, in and about the cities of London and	Wejitninjltr, and	borough	of Southwark, and for the

prefervarion of the publick peace.

•	" Cap. 64. To prevent any mifchief or inconvenience which

may arife to (hetiffs, gabfers, fuitors, prifoners, or others, by the JprifoUers in feveral gaols in the counties of	and	9ur-

*“ .	a	4.	,

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

r/y, and the city of London, having been fet at liberty during the late tumults and infurrections.

Cap. 65. To repeal fo much of an aft, made in the (even* teenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as relates to tb$ mon tafy and fpeedy recovery of /wall debts within the parijbes of Hallifax, Bradford,, Kighley, Bingley, Guifeley, Calverly, Batley, Birftal, Mirfield, Hartilhead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, Huddersfield, and the lordjbip or liberty of Tong, in the well riding of the county of York 5 and for granting other powers for thofe purpofes; and for extending the jurifdiftion of the court baron of the manor of Kighley, in the laid county.

Cap. 66. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the hamlet of Mile-end New Town, in the parilh of Stepney, in the county of Middlefexy for paving, deanfing, lighting, and watching the ftreets, and other open pafiages and places, within the faid hamlet, and removing nuilances and annoyances there* from, and preventing the like for the future; for consolidating the highway rates with other rates within the faid hamlet; and for paving and regulating Great Garden Street, in the parilh of Saint Mary Matfelon otherwife Whitechapel, in the faid county, and removing a bar now (landing acrofs the fame, and other nuifances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Cap. 67. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in* the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty, .intituled, An oh to widen and repair the road from the guide-poJl% near the end */*Drayton Lan c>near Banbury, in the county of Ox* ford, to the houfe called The Sun Riling, at the top of Edge Hill, in the county- ^/Warwick.

£ap. 68. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two afts, made in the firft and lixteenth years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for the more effeSual amending the highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the county of Bed* ford, and for repairing the road leading through Woburn to Tick* ford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks.

Cap. 69. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an aft, pafled in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second,/ir repair* ing ana widening the roads leading from the Crofs of Hand, near Finford Bridge, in the county of Warwick, through the town of Southam in the fame county, to the borough of Banbury in the county of Oxford; and from the guide-pojl in the village of Adderbury in thefame county, through Kidlington, to the mile-way leading towards the city of Oxford; and alfo the road leading fr&m a place called The Two Mile Tree near the city of Oxford, over Gosford otherwife Goffard Bridge, to a certain gate entering upon Wefton on the Green in the faid county; fo far as the fame relates to the road leading from the Crofs of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the county of Warwick, through the town of Southam, in the fame county, lo the borough of Banbury in the county of Oxford.

Cap. jo. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, pafled

in

Digitized by booQle

A TABUS of the STATUTES.

in the thirty-firft year of the rasa of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from	to	the	gates on tho

weft of htmond’s-ball Down, and other roads in the faid ad men* tioned, fo far as the fame relates to the road from the market* boufe in Tetbury to the turnpike road on	com-

mon ; and from the faid road in Minehinhampton field unto the turnpike ros^d from Cirtruefttrto Stroud, near	and

from the faid turnpike road to Taylor?s Mill-pond in Cbalford Bottom, and through Hide, to the bottom of the Bourn-bill, ia the county of	Glouttfter.

Cap. 71. For more cfiedually repairing the roads from War-mil to Raddle Brook, and from Wvlekto Stratford upon Awn, in the counties of Warwick and Worctjler; and tor repealing the laws now in force relating to the faid roads.

Cap. 73. For enlarging the term and powers of anad, made in the tbirty-fecond year of the reign of his majefty King the Second, intituled. An ail for repairing and widening the high rood, leading from the town of Mansfield, in the aunty of Nottingham, through the towns of Pleailey, Glapwell, Heath, and Nor* menton, and the liberty of Hafland, to the turnpike road leading from the town of Derby to the town of Chefterfidd, in the tounty of Derby.

Cap. 73. For enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an ad, made in the thirtv fecond year of the reign of his late tnajefty King George the Second, (intituled. An ail for repairing end widening the roads from Grantham, in the tounty of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge j ndfrom Chappd Bar, near the toed end of the town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary’s Bridge, in the town of Derby; and from tho guide-poft, in the parijh of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry,) as relates to the road leading from Cbappel Bar, near the weft end of the town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the town of Derby, and from the guide-poft, in the pariiui of , to Sawley, Ferry.

Cap. 74. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his majefty Kin* Georgo the Second, intituled. An ait for repairing and widening the roads from Cbappel Bar, near the weft end of the town Nottingham, to New Haven, and from The Four Lane Ends near Oaker-thorpe, to Aftiborne, and from The Crofs-poft on Wirkfworth-moor, to join the road loading from Chefterfield to Chapel en lo Frith, at or near Longfton, in the aunty Derby, and from Selfton to Anneiley Woodhoufe, in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 75. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad, pafled in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of bis late majefty King Gorge the Second, intituled. An oO to continue, amend, and mate, ifiitual, an ail, paffed in the twelfth year of the of his pre-yea Majefty, intituled, “ An ail for repairing the roads from the etrtb-wft parts of tho	aunty of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields,

Wngjby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to The Wolds, or north-eajl Port of tho fend aunty ? and alfo for repairing and widening the

roads

Digitized by

A TA-BLE of the STATUTES. ’

rtOdl	from The Well,	in Eaft Gate, in the city of Lincoln, and

frm tht inrth-wtfi end of Homcaftle, andfrom The Guide-pod, at tht eaji end ^Hainton, through Barkwith, to the roads direftei to he repaired by the find aft.	*

* Cap. 76. To Enlarge the term and powers of an aft, palled in |he twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled. An aft for repairing'and	widtmng the road from The Hand and

Pod, mUpton'Field, in theparijk of Burfbrd, tn the ford* through'the fevered parifbts within mentioned, to a place in tht

K’ijh of Prefton, in the county of Gloticeiter, called Dancy's ncy.'

• Cap. 77. For repairing and widening the roadsfrom tn the eoohtv of	Southampton, through Fareham and Wickham, to

the town of Bijhops Waltham; and from Wickham afbrefaid* through DfoxfOrd, 'Bxton, Warnford, and r

SOttm, hor Chawton Pond, in the parilh of	, in the faid

wnty. -	*••'	,	1

' ’ Cap. 78.' To explain and amend lo much of an aft, palled in the fixteenfh year of his prefent Majefty's reign, to continue and binder more	effeftualfvtral alls of parliament for repairing tht

boays leading to Hrghgate gatehoufe and HampftCad, and for feve-yal other purpofes in the faid Aril-mentioned aft contained, as -gives p&rfer to ereft or remove turnpikes or toll-gates, fo far as relates tof’erefting or continuing any turnpike or toll-gate in Grafs fr/A Lane, or between the (aid lane and the new road lead* ingfrom	I/ington	tx>	Paddington.	'

i	Cap.ytj. For more effectually repairing the road leading from the end of the Butter turnpike road, on the well fide of lord Cliffords park gate, to Biiaaford; and alfo feveral roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from Ttign Bridge, in the county of	Devon nand for repealing two afts, of the thirty-fecond of

his late Majefty, and the fecond of his prefent Majefty, made' for repairing the faid roads*

Cap. 80. To continue, enlarge, and render more effeftual, the term and powers in thred feveral aftr, made in the twelfth year of the reign of KingGrtfr^r the Firft, and in the eighteenth and thirty-firlt year* of the reign of his late Majefty, repairing the roads from Birmingham, t Warwick* to Warming-ton, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the county of Warwick, fo far as the fame relate to foe road from Birmingham, through Warmth, to aforefaid, and fo on to the rnmoll limits of the faid county, on BdgehiU aforefaid.

: Cap. 8r. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, palfrd in the twentv-feventh yeaf of the reign of his late majefty King George the SeCond, for repairing'and widening the road from tht north end fl/Bridgeford Labe, in the county ^/Nottingham, to need through feveral	town's' andplaces in the counties of Nottingham*,'

Lelceftcr, Md Rutland, ana through Rockingham, toihe Bowling-green at Kettering, in the county /Northampton'.

Cap. 82. For enlarging the term and powers of two aftsj'wft l> •	the

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the firft and fccond yean of his prefent Majefty, for if, widening, and keeping in repaid the read leading FUherron Bridge t*the turnpike readat Willoughby Hedge, inWeft Knoylc, end	frtmWilton Bridge	to the turnpike read at the	voefo endef

Heytefeury; and alft toe redd frm'tb turnpike read Rea Hone HiU, in the parijb efUrfhfont, tt themHe-gone mjlen end gfFifherton Street, in tbe tounty ef Wilt*.f ■> > 1 ' s Cap. 83. To continue the term and enlarge the power*Of ah ad, made in the thirty-feeond year of the reign of hit late majefty Ring Georgethe Secood, for repairing the read frmibe feutb ef the South Street, in the parijb ef South Mailing^ near the Ibgm y Lema, «Giyndbridgej	and'from tbenee, through FfrleStreet

under the Hill, to Longbridgc, in the parijb ef Alfnftoo, in ltd aantyofSaSex*	^	-

Cap. 84. For making and maintaining a road frrtrt tittups lore, io the parifh of Horjley, to join the turnpike road folding from Gremejler to	Dudbndge, at or near Dudbridge, in the parifhof

Sodborongb; and from the bridge et Neilfwortb, in the parifh of Avening, to Aftntbmhampton Common; and fcveral other roads therein mentioned, all in the county of Gloucejler. »	■	• •	•

Cap. 85. For enlarging the term and powers of two ad», of the twenty-fixth of his late Majefty, and the fifth of his prefent Majefty, for repairing fcveral roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the to wn of Sbepton M, in the county of Jet; and for repairing the road from Steen Bov	to the

turnpike road leading from Glajlonbtery to Piper's Indy and frost CldiweU to Glqfltnbury, and from Sbepten Malet to a place called The White Pofty in the turnpike road leading from Bath to Wells, in the hid county.	'

Cap. 86. For reviving and continuing the term, and varying, feme of the powers, of in ad# made in the twenty-ninth yea* of the reign of his late majefty King	the	Second',	inti*

taied, Anatt for repairing and widening the highroad from the hoe, rmgh ef Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the town Pateley Bridge, i* tbetounty of York; and for making compenfction to the tru-fleet and mortgagees under two ads, made in the thirty-feeond year of his late’ majefty King<?*wgr the Second, and in rhe four* tenth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening Ibe high roiad from IVetberby to GreJJikgton, in the county of

Cap. 87. For repealing two ids, made in the! eleventh and htemy-feveath years of thk feign <rf King George the Second; fer Pepoiring the road from the Trent Bridge, An the Inw of Nottingham, through Gwftock otherwife' Cortlingftoeh lane, to Cotes'Bridge, in tie eounty sf Leiceftetf and for aak-fcfjpcK effcduet^rtwifkmforthe repair Of theftid road.

* Cap. 88. For enlarging the terms and power*of to ad,' made ■kike thirty-feeond yeaT of the reign of his majefty King dWMthe Second, intituled,	Alt alt repairing), amending, and

ttddmng, ihoroddtfrtm the fouth-wejl	NetherBridge, in the

needy ^ Weftmorotand, by SiaergbfeHfide, to Leven’s Bridge,

and

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and frm thence* through the town tf Millthorp, Dixes, and from the teum of Millthorp afortfaid to Hangbridge, from thence to join the Heron Syke turnpike road at	near	Clawthrop

Hall* in the county afortfaid.

Cap. 89. To enlarge the term and powers of an a A, made in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. aO for amending the road from Sacred Gate, in the	of Thorn

Gutnbald, to Pattrington Creek or Haven, and frm The Guide-

Ejft, in Wineftcad, to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow ranton’s Farm, in the county of York; and for ftouring and	-

ing the faid creek or haven.

Cap. 90. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the

Ewer*, of .an aA, made In the thirty-firft year .of the reign of i late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and ing the roads frm the town of Stockbridge, in the county tf South* ampton, to the city of Winchefter, and from the faid through Bellmour Lane, to the top if Stephen’s Caftle Down, near the town of Bi(hop's Waltham in the find	and from the faid

city of Winchefter, through Otterborne, to Bargate in the town and county of the town tf Southampton.

Cap. 91. To enlarge the term and powers of an a&, pa fled in the thirty-fecond year of King George the Second, repairing and widening the road from the croft, at Broken-crow, in Macclesfield, *i« the county of Chefter, to the turnpike road at Buxton, in the county of Derby; and for making and keeping in repair certain branches of road, to communicate with the faid Macclesfield road.

. Cap. 92. To enlarge the term and powers of two adts, one made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads therein mentioned in the counties of Southampton and Dorfet, and the other made in the fe-cond year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, to amend the faid former aO* and for amending and widening the road between Ring-wood Gate in the county ^'Southampton to Woolib ridge, and from thence to the great weftern road between a place called Thick-thorn and Caftunore Inn, fo far as the faid two ads relate to the fifth divifion of road direded to be repaired and widened by the faid laft mentioned ad.

Cap. 93. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, palled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening feveral road? from Tet-burj, and other places in the county of	fo	far	as the

fame relates to. the road from Tetbury to the gates on the weft of Sy mends	Hath Down, and freer jhe houfe at the top of; Froeefler

Hill, where the turnpike gate lately ftood, tq the turnpike road from	Cirenqflertowards	Bath,undhrpm the field called Bouldown

Sleight to the end of a lane adjoining to the road	to

TetbUry* ntzt Tittups Inn: and for,amending and keeping in repair the road from the faid turnpike road near Howells Down, acrofs Owlpen Down, to a lane leading to	;	and

from another part of the laid turnpike road p/ua,LAtterwood tur#vs

pike.

Digitized by v^»ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

pike, acrofe Owtptn Down aferefaid; all in the faid county of

Glmefier.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, mad* in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled.

An alt for ripairing and widtning feveral roads loading front the town,

«/ Louth, in the scanty of Lincoln.

Cap. 95. For making and maintaining a road from Sage , in the town of Melton Mowbray, in the county of	,	to

the town of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 96. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his majefty King George the Second, intitnled, An ati for repairing and widening the road-from tie town of Guldeford, to The Direfting Poft the town of Famham, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 97. For continuing the term and powers of fo much of an act, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing the roads fromMoli to Denbigh, and from thence to Tal y Cafn and Conway ; and from Wrexham to Ruthin, Denbigh, and Rhyddlan, in t counties ^/Denbigh, Flint, . ^Carnarvon, as relates to the road from Wrexham to Cap. 98. For amending the road from the weft end of Street, to the Horfe and Jockey, in the parilh of Bor, in the county of Wilts, and certain other roads leading out of the faid road; and for making an additional road from the laid road,, in the chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes turnpike road, at or near Semerbam Brook, in the fame chapelry; all in the faid county.	.	,	-	*

Cap. 99. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, palled in the thirty-fecond year of King GW^/ the Second, for repairing ati widening the road from a place called The Old Gallows, in the parijb r/'Sunning, in the county of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl,	ahdSunning-hill, to Virginia Water, in the

feridt of£gham, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 100. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majefty Kin* Gtsrge the Second, intituled. An ail for-amending. Widening, and keeping in	repair, the roads from Epfom,	to Toot-

ing, and from Ewell to Kingfton upon Thames, and Thames fritton, in the county of Surrey; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at Ewell, serns Ewell common fields, to the Ryigatc turnpike read, on Btnagb Heath,in the foid county.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1.	AN aft Tor dividing apd inclofing the open fields, raea-< f\ dows, common paftuf.es, and wafte grounds, in the kwattiips of Scarrington and AJlatlon, ip the county of Notting-

iak. .

2. An

Digitized by

rAf.TABLEDf the STATUTES.'

V.	a. An *3 foe dividing ahd meJofmg the open and common folds, common meadows, common paftures, and other com-Sbonablelands, in Stnotjby,in the county of 'Leicefler.

. 3, An a<51 to enable Mary	Rucki foinfter, notwithftanding her

minority, to convey, a<Ggn,.and fettle her real and perional eftate on her intended marriage with	Keene	efquire.

• 4. AnaAfot dividing and indofing the open common fields, como3on dpvtos, commoa meadows, common paftures, waft* lands, and commonable, places, within the parifh of ■Mbottr,'nnd> Abbefs, in the county, of Southampton.

: 5., An a& to enable- RicbardrBourneefquire, his foil and othet foiitv aodtheir iffue male, and- his- and theif refpedtive children, to .aflwme and ufe the name, and bear the arms of , pur* tuant to the will of Arthur Charlett efquire, deceafed.

Y 6. An for naturalising John Salomon Balthafer ■y. 7. An >a$ for inclofing she open and common folds, meadow*,-commonable lands, .and commons, within the parifh and liberties of Bar bant, in the county of Huntingdon.

/ 8.;Ajva<ft fot dividing and-inclofing die feveral commons and .tvafte gcounda within the manor and parifh of Stave ley, in the 'county diBetby.

9.	An adt for dividing,- allotting, and inclofing, the lands arid grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half , Open Field

Lands,.Brecht,	Commonty and	Waffles,within the parifh of Hear-

fbam,\n thcgoilpty oi.NerfoIk.

10.	;Ana<9t for-dividij>g<: allotting, and inclofing, the lands and grounds called IVhole Year Lands, Half Year

Field Lands, Shack	Mieadowt,-and'ttfo certain Commons,

-and Wafts,within the parifh of Tottenbill with Wejl , ha -the county, of Norfolk.

, " 11-. An a£k for dividing and inclofing certain open folds, lands^ •jwd grpunda, in the parifh of Leghorn, in the county of Lincoln.

12.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral open folds, rdrable lands, -meadows;, commons, and wafie grounds, within ^he manors of Klgbley,Tfmaiies, and Newjholme, in the parifh of 'JUgbley, -and county of York.	\

- i j. -Ao aA for dividing add indofing the feveral commons And Waftfcgrounds within the manor of Matlock, in the county

14,	An mAfor dividing and allotting the open common fieldS, jceqasoo dhwnt, common meadows, common paftures, wafte lands, and commonable places, in the parifh of Charlton, in the county of Wilts.

—a 51 An aft for dividing and inalofing all and every the commons, moors, and wafte grounds, within the townlhip of Heaton, in the parifh of Bradford, in the weft riding of the county of York.

r !6.- Aitadl for ffiSidtng, allotting, and exchanging, thelands in the common folds and common paftures, and other lands, idfhhnrithe manor-and ^drifts of Sabertm, In the county df GUmeRer:	•	'

r -•»	17.	An

t

Digitized by v^ooQie

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

17.	An ad for naturalising Outand	JI04

vid Duval.	1

18.	An a<ft for nxmrnSaxihgBkrthoiomeur Huber. .

19.	An ad to effed an exchange between fir James Pauly

baronet, and others, trufiees of an almlhoufe, or nooie of chaa rity, at	Petwortb, in the county of Suffiui and	Obrien	earl

of Egrttiont, of certain lands,and tenement* belonging to thh laid charity, for other lands and tenement* belonging to the laid earl of Egremant.	................................

Cap. 20. An ad for eftablilhing and confirming an-agreement made between	the	lord	bilhap of.NoruuUb	FeUauai

efquire, for the .exchange of certain chases ia the aounty of Nirfill.	\

■ 21. An ad for veiling ablolntely one third pent of three erode of lands, and the eredions and building* theroon^with the a pa portenances, in the parilh of Layton, otherwife Lew , in the covnty	of Effix,(deviled by the will of John Smith dec cuffed)

for the benefit of the poor of the pari (bet of Saint Swithin afld Saint Peer in Eajlgate, in the city of	truflees, to'be

fold to Samuel	Bofanquetefquire, and for. laying out the money

thereby ariling in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled and affixed for the benefit of the poor aforefaid, purfuant to the di-rt&ons of the faid will.

22.	An ad for veiling part of the freehold eftates, late of Nans efquire, deceafed, in trullees, for railing money to dif* charge the legacies given by his will, and the-codicils thereto, remaining unfatisfied; and for other porpofct. :

23.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common

fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other contu monabie grounds, within the manor and parilh of Btmrsferdi in* the county, of	Leuejler.

24.	An ad for dividing, and indofuig the, open aod oommoff fields, common pallures, common meadows, and other com-Datable lands,'within the parilh and liberties:of

in the county of Northampton. ■	r	.	,;t

25.	An act for dividing and mdofin£ the open and’ common

fields, conupon .pallures, coahtnon meadonv end wher Cotnq monabie lands, within the anandr, parilh, and libertkoof Grtn-da, in the county of Northampton.	.	.	:	,	.	.	.

26.	An a& for ditMdine.andoinelo6ng.the foueralbpen fields^

Commons, carts, and warn grounds, within the losdfhip or ma« Bor of Thornton, in the- odrth -T$ing of the county, of Tied.'	*

27.	An a<5t for dividing and inclofing the open, and common

fields, common paflaret, common meadows, sod-other oom-saonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and pariflt of Tiffitld, in live county o£ Northampton.	-	;>

28.	An ad foreatinguilhing all rights -of tbeepveaNc, oontd aon, and ihsekage, in and oter <the common, fields, and ktM par lands,' lying within the parilhes <of SaMsouftand Kelling^Wk the county of Norfolk, and for dividing and allotting -etfrMM warans, heaths, commons, wafte lands, and commotMUd

grounds.

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

grounds, within the faid pariihes; and for other purpofet therein mentioned.

29.	An aft for dividing and inclofing feveral open and com-sion fields, meadows, commonable lands, and commons, in the pariihes of Northill and Sandy, in the county of Bedford.

30.	An aft for dividing and inclofing a certain common called Nortbwood or Nortbwood Common, in the town (hip of Note, in the parilh of Pembridge, and county of Hereford.

31.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain open common and wafte.lands, within the manor of Teirtriff, and alfo a certain parcel of open common and wafte lands called Gwern-y~ mynydd, jwithin the manor of Hopton, in the county of Mont-gomery.

; 32. Aaaft fordividing and inclofing the open common fields, within the! parilhof Jckenham, in the county of Middlefex.

23.	Aa aft to enable James Bigot efquire, an infant (lately C*Ued James Goodin), and the. heirs male of his body, and all other perfon? who: ihaH become intitled to the eftates late of Peter Bigot xfiquire, deceafed, under the limitations contained in his will* to take and ufe the furname of Bigot, pursuant to his laid wilL

* 34. An aftihr naturalizing Anthony Henry Haldimand.

35.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the com-. anions, operi fields, and common paftures, in the liberty pf Fin-den, in the parilh of Mickleover, and county of Derby.

, Cap. 36. An aft for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveral-ty, the open and.cbmmon fields, and open downs, within the pariihes of Warmhefler and Corfleyf in the county of Wilts; and for dividing, allptting, and inclofing, the common meadows, common paftures, and wafte lands, within the faid pariihes.

37.	An aft for dividing and inclofing feveral commons and Wafte lands, in the parilh of Oldfmnford, in the county of Worker*

38.	An aft for dividing and inclofing feveral opea common fields, common meadows, common paftures, commons and wafte grounds, within the manor and hamlet of Hiltony in the parilh of Marfton upon Dove, in^the county of Derby.

39.	An aft for naturalizing Lewis Locbee.

40.	An aft for veiling the fee fimple of part of the eftates, fettled by the will of the mod noble Robert late duke of Ancajler and KeJlevtHy deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, for paying off debts and incumbrances affefting the faid eftates; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

41.	An aft to enable John Ord efquire, and John Tyton efquire, truftees named in the fettlement made previous to the marriage of the honourable Thomas Onflow with Arabella his now wife,, to foil the rents, fervices, duties, rdiefs, herriots, and other dues and payments, payable, or to be performed or rendered, by the tenants of the feveral manors or lordfhips comprized in the faid fottlement, and to enfranchife the copyhold tenements held of filch manors or lordlhips, and for laying out the money which

(hall

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fllall arife by fuch fale and enfranchifement in the purchafe of other lands to be fettled to the ufes to which the faid manors or lordlhips do now (land fettled.

42.	An adl for confirming and eftablilhing an exchange agreed to be made between the right honourable Horatio lord Walpole and Thomas William Cote efquire, of divers lands, in the county of Norfolk, comprized in the marriage fettlement of the faid Horatio lord Walpole, and devifed by the will of Thomas earl of LeiceJUr, deceafed; and for fettling the lands given in exchange to each party to fuch and the fame ufes as the lands for which the fame are exchanged flood fettled and limited.

43.	An adl for verting certain mefluages in the city of London, part of the eftates late of Charles lord vifcount Irvin, deceafed, m truftees, to be fold, and for purchafing other eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

44.	An adl for veiling the real eftates, late of Roger Geer of Bijbop Burton, in the county of York efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to raife money, by fale or mortgage thereof, for difeharg-ing incumbrances thereon, and the debts and legacies of the faid Roger Gee\ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

45.	An adl for veiling part of the real eftates of Thomas More Molyneux efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, for payment of fuch of his debts and legacies as now remain unfatisfied.

46.	An adl for incorporating the truftees of the charities efta-blilhed by the fettlements and will of Henry Raine efquire, deceafed, and to enable them to take the freehold and leafehold eftates, monies, and funds, granted, adigned, fettled, and given, for and towards the fupport and maintenance of the faid charities, to them and their fucceffors, in perpetuity, for the charitable ufes and purpofes in the faid fettlements and will exprefled, and for the better regulation and management of the faid charities.

47.	An adl for veiling part of the freehold eftates of Thomas Copley efquire, in truftees, for a term of one thoufand years, in trull, to raife, by way of mortgage thereof, a fum of money, for the purpofes therein mentioned.

48.	An adl for dividing and inclofing certain heath lands. Called The South Heath and The North Heath, in the parifh of Welbourn turn Sapperton> in the county of Lincoln.

49.	An adl for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, lying within the parilh and liberties of Shenningtony in the county of Gloucejler.

50.	An adl for dividing and inclofing the open and common . fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and pa-rifhes of Stratton Audley in the county of Oxford, and Caversfield in the county of Bucks.

'51. An adl to enable John Ingilby efquire, (lately called John Wright) to take, ufe, and bear, the furname and arms of Ingilby, purfuant to the will of fir John Ingilby baronet, deceafed.

52. An adl to enable Richard Gee the younger, efquire, and v ol. XXXIII.	b	his

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

his iffue male, to take and ufe the furnajne, and bear the arms, of CareWy pursuant to the will of fir Nfctylas Hackett Careyjy baronet, deceafed.

53.	An ad for rendering efFeftual an aft made in the feven-teenth year of his prefent Majefty, for dividing and inclofing the commons or wade lands within the manor of Whittington, in the county'of Salop,

54.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common fields, half ^ear lands, fen lands, lammas meadows, heaths, commons, and wade lands, within the pari(h of Foulden> in the county of Norfolk.

55.	An aft for dividing the park of Pontefratjy in the county of York-, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

56.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the commons and wade grounds, within the town(hip of MoJ.\ otherwife Mofehy, in the parilh of Campfatl, and alio the open arable fields, meadows, padures, commons, and wade grounds, within the parilh of Kirk Bramwitb, in the wed riding of the county of York.

57.	An aft for veding in trudees the capital mefluage, with the appurtenances, at Croydon, in the county of Surrey, known by the name of the palace of the archbifhop of Canterbury, and two clofes near thereto adjoining, in trud, to fell the fame, and for difpofing of, and applying the money to arife thereby, and received on account of the dilapidatibns thereof, and other money, in the manner, and for the purpofes therein mentioned.

58.	An aft for veding certain manors and hereditaments, fi-tuate in the county of Lincoln (which, by the will of Thomas Hum-' berjlcn efquire, deceafed, were devifed to Thomas Frederick Macken zie Humberfion efquire, for his life, with feveral remainders over in drift fettlement) in trudees, for the purpofe of felling the fame, and laying out the monies to arife from fuch fale in the purchafe of certain other hereditaments, part of the edates of the right honourable Kenneth Mackenzie, earl of Seaforth in the king-r dom of lrelandy to be fettled to the ufes to which the edates intended to be fold now dand limited.

59.	An aft for dividing apd inclofing the open and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and pa-rifh of Thrapfton, it) the county of Northampton.

60.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common padures, common meadow?, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parilh of Brix-worthy otherwife Bricklefwortb, in the county of Northampton.

61.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain moors, commons or wade grounds, in the manor or townlhip of Greweltborp, in the wed riding of the county of York.

62.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common and ope$ fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wade grounds, in

tie Catworthy in the county of Huntingdon.

- The End of the TABLE.

THE

S T A TUT E S at Large, &V.

Anno regni GE O R G11 III. , Magma Britannia, Francice, W Hibernia,

. vicejimo*

T the parliament begun and	at	Weft-

minfter, the twenty-ninth day of November,

Anno Domini 1774, in the fifteenth year of the reign of our Jovereign lord GEORGE the	by	the-

grace of God) of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,

King* defender of .the faith, &c. And from thence, continued by federal prorogations, to the twenty-fifth day	of November,' 1779; being the fixth feffion of the

fourteenth parliament of Great Britain.

C A P. 1.

An aft for holding the enfuing eh51 ion of a knight of the ftiire for the bounty a/-Southampton, at the towntf/'New Alresford, in the faid county.

WHEREAS&vtftf a fly made in the eighth year of the reign Preamble 5 of his late majefty King Georg* the Second, (intituled, An	an

2& for regulating the quartering of foldiers during the time of a«%8Geo. the ele&ion of members to ferve in parliament,) it. is enafledy That when and as often as any election of any member or member $ to ferve in parliament Jhall be appointed to be made, the feretory at wary or the perfon who [holl officiate in the place of the fecretary at war9 JhaDy at fome convenient time before the day appointed for fucb elec-tiony ijfue and fend forth proper orders for the removal of all foldiers y who /ball be quartered or billeted in any city> borough, town, or place, where fucb election Jhall be appointed to be made, out of every fucb citjy boroughy towny or place, one day at leaf before the day appointed . . Voi. XXXIII.	B	for

Digitized by v^ooQle

and 7 8c t

Gul.

The enfuing tle&ion for Ham p(hire to be held at New Alres-ford, inflead x of Winchefter.

Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 2,3.	[1780.

for filch eliflion, to the difiance of two or more miles from fuel city^ borough, town, or place, and not to make dny nearer approach thereto, until one day at the leafi after the poll to be taktn at fuch electionJhall be ended, and the poll boors clofed, under certain penalties and disabilities in the faid aft mentioned: and whereas by an aft, made in the feventh and eighth years of King William the Third, for the further regulating elections of members to ferve in parliament, and for tho preventing irregular proceedings of fheriffs, and other officers, in electing and returning fuch members, it is enafted\ That upon every election of any knight of the /hire, the Jberiff/hall hold hi: county court at the mofi publick and ufiual place of eleftion, and where the fame has been ufually held for forty years: and whereas an election is foon to be held for a knight of the /hire for the county of Southampton, and, if not otherwife provided for, will be held at the city, of Winchefter, (being the ufual place for holding eleft ionsfor the faidxounty,) at which place many French and Spanifh prifoners are noyv confined* for the fafe keeping of which a number of troops or fotdiers are absolutely neceffary, and cannot be removed from thence without manifefi danger as well to the inhabitants of the faid city, and all perfons reforting thereto, as to the publick in general: be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by tho-authority of the fame. That the faid election (Hall be begunandv held at die town of New Alresford, in the faid county of Southampton ; and that tbe county court for the faid county at whiclj. the faid eledtion fliajl be made (whether the fame county court be holden by adjournment, or otherwife) (hall be holden at tho faid town o\ New Alresford, and not at Winchefter aforefaid; apd the adjournment of the faid county court, if any fuch has been made, and is now depending, to the faid City of Winchefter, or any other place, (hall be deemed and taken to be legally made to the faid town of New Alresford; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftandipg; and the flieriff of the faid county, or his deputy, are hereby authorized and required to adjourn the poll, from the faid town of New Alresford, to Newport in the Ifie of Wight, in the manner diredled in and by an a<ft made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An aft for the further regulating elections of members to ferve in parliament, and fir the preventing' irregular proceedings of fheriffs, and other officers, in the electing and returning fuch members,) in relation to adjourning the poll from the faid city of Winchefter.

C A P. II.

An a& for granting an aid to his Majefty by a lar.d tax, to be raifed if* Great Britain* for the ferviee of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty.	At four /hittmgt in tbe pound.

c a p. nr.

Anaft for continuing and grating to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, evder, and peffyi foe the ferviee of the year one thousand iffia hundred and eighty.

GAP.

1780.] A'nrfo vTcefimo Georgii III. c.4, 5.

I

CAP. IV.

An a ft for continuing an aft% made in the lajl feffion of parliament, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown Cik in any (hips or veflels, for a limited time.

WHEREAS an aft, made in the lajl feffion of parliament, preamble.

(intituled, An ad for allowing the importation of fine Rec*ltal 0p^ drganzined Italian thrown filk in any (hips or veflels, for a li- a& of laft mited time,) which is to continue in force until the expiration of feffion. twenty days after the commencement of the next fejfton of parliament; has been found beneficial to the trade and manufactures of this kingdom ; may it therefore pleafe yottr Majefly that it may be tnaCted; and be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and With the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembledj and by the authbrity of the fame, That the faid ad (hall continue in force The faid ad until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven huti- further coo-dred and eighiy-onc.

CAP. V.

An all for further continuing an aft, made in thefeyenteenth yettr of the reign of his prefent Majefiy,intituled,^ ad to impower his Maje- *	'

fty tofecure and detain perfons charged with,or fufpeded of,th^ crime of high treafon, committed in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feas, or the crime of piracy.

WHEREAS an aft was made in the feventeenth year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An ad to impower Recital of an his Majefty to fccure and detain perfons charged with, or fuf- i7Gca; pddedof, the crime of high treafon, committed in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feas, or thecrinr.e of piracy;) which was to continue and be in force until the fir ft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred andfeven- , ty-eight, and no longer: and whereas the jaid a51 v)as% by two alls made in the eighteenth and nineteenth years of bis prefent Majejly's reign, continued until the firfl day of January, one thoufand fiven hundred and eighty, and no longer: and whereas it is expedient that the /aid firji mentioned dft Jhould be continued for a further term; may it therefore pleafe your Majefiy that it may be enaClcd; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the* lords fpiritual and temporal, and corrimon&, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid firft-mentioned ad, and all The faid ad and’ every the claufes, provifoes, powers, and qualifications nu^d therein contained, (hall be, and the fame are hereby further con- jan II7Sl-tinued until the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred J and eighty-one, and no longer.

*2*	CAP.

Preamble.

Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 6,7.'	[1780.

CAP. VI.

An aft to repeal certain afls made in Great Britain, which rejlrain f the trade and commerce ^Ireland with foreign parts.

WHEREAS, in order to promote and advance the welfare and profperity of his Majefty s kingdom of Ireland, it is expedient that certain afls of parliament ,formerly made in Great Britain, which lay reftraints upon the trade and commerce of Ireland, reffecting the articles berein-afier mentioned\Jhould be repealed; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena fled \ and be it enaftea by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-• a, a	That,	from and after the paffing of this afl, fo

anyBritijhaas much Qf ar^ft of parliament, made in the tenth and eleventh as prohibit or years of the reign of King IVilliam the Third, (intituled, An reftrain the	at7	to prevent the exportation of wool out of the kingdoms ^Ireland

exportation of and England into foreign parts; and for the encouragement of the “	--	woo\len	manufaflures	in	the kingdom <?/'England;) and fo much of

any other aft or afls of parliament made in Great Britain, which prohibit,or in any manner reftrain the exportation of cloth, ferge, bays, kerfeys, fays, frizes, druggets, cloth-ferges, fhal-joons, or any other drapery fluffs or woollen manufaflures whatfoever, made up or mixed with wool or wool flocks, from the kingdom of Ireland into foreign parts, (hall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed and made void.

II.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-faid, Tl^t, from and after the paffing of this aft, fo much of an aff, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Secortdr (intituled, An at1 for granting to hts Majefty feveral rates and duties upon glafs, and upon fpirituous //-quors', and for raiftng a certain Jum of money by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the [aid rates and duties; and for obviating • fonte doubts about making out orders at the exchequer for the monies advanced upon the credit of the J'alt duties, granted and continued to bis Majefly by an afl of the lajl fejjion of parliament;) as relates to the exportation of glafs, glafs bottles, or glafs of any kind or denomination whatfoever, from or out of the kingdom of Ire-land, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

C A P. VII.

An afl to amend an afl, made in the eighteenth pear of the reign of prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to explain and amend fo much of an aft, made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the preventing the clandeftine conveyance of fugar and Paneles from the Britijh colonies and plantations in America into Great Britain.

Preanfblr.	XT7 H E R E A S by an aflx made in the eighteenth year of the

aS Geo. 3,	VV reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An afl to explain

c. 58, re- and amend fo much of an afl, made in the fourth year of the c,ted*	*	rciga

So much of

woollen ma« nufaflures from Ireland to foreign parts, repealed.

So much of 19 Geo. a.c. is, as relates to thecxfrrta-tjofcqj glafs from Ireland, repealedy*-

Digitized by

1780.] Anno vicefimo GEbRGii III. c.7. (	g

reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the preventing the.	1

clandeftine conveyance of fugar and paneles from the Britijh colonies and plantations in America into Great Britain; it was among other things enabled,* That* from and after the firft day of March, one tkoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, if any fugar or paneles Jhall he imported into Great Britain, from any Britifh cchny or plantation in America, without, or which fliall not be included in the certificate required in and by the faid a ft of the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly > that then? and in either fuch cafe, all fucb fugar and paneles Jhall be deemed ana taken to be foreign Jugar and paneles, and Jhall be liable to (he fame duties, refiriftionst regulations, penalties, and forf iturcs, in all rejpeftsy as fugar and faneies of the growth, produce, or manufafture, of Any French colony or plantation, would be refpeftively liable to by law; anything in ' the Jaid recited aft, or any law, ufagey or cuftom, to the contrary in any-wife not with ft ending: and whereas great inconveniences have arijen, and may arife,from the taking away> by the fatd aft of them eighteenth year of bis prefent Majejly, the diferetionary power* whifh was formerly vejled in the commijfioners of his Majefly's cujloms by the Jaid aft oj the fourth of his prefent Majejly % to difpenfe with the fatd certificate; for remedy whereof may it pleafe your Majejly that it may be enabled; and be it enaded by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and Sugar or Pa-after the paffing of this ad, if any fugar or paneles (hall be im- U . ?/r^P1 ported into Great Britain, from any Britijh colony or plantation ^camaybe" in America, without, or which (hall not be included in the cer- entered on tiheate required by the faid act of the fourth of hjs prefent Ma- payment of jefty, and it (hall be made appear, to the fatisfadion of the com- Britifh plant*, miuionei s of his Majefty’s cuftoms at London or Edingburgh ^^ou^tlie refpectivcly, that the goods are really and truly the produce of certificate re-any Britijh plantation or colony in America, and that no fraud quired by an was intended, it (hall and may in fuch cafe be lawful for the ac* ♦ Gco* 3* faid refpedive commiffioners to permit the faid goods to be entered, upon payment of the Britijh plantation duties, any thing in the faid ad, of the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefty, to the contrary in any -wife notwithganding.

II.	And whereas feveral parcels of fugar have been imported into Howcommif-this kingdom ^ from feveral of the Britifh colonies or plantations /Vfioneraof the America, yfar* the faid fir ft day of March, one tkoufand feven aareUtiv^tcT hundred and feventy-nine, without or which are not included in the ^ugarimport-certificate required by the faid aft of the fourth of his prefent Maje- e4 from Arae-Jfyi part of which Jugar now remains fecured in wareboufes under rica fincc bis Majejly'$ locks, and other part thereof hath been delivered upon Marctl *»1779* the merchants depofiting the French duties in the hands of the proper officer of bis Majejly's cujloms till fuch certificate could be produced\ and other part which hath been lately fo imported is not yet entered: and whereas, from the prefent Jlate of publick affairs in the Weft Indies, it is now imprafticable to produce the certificates for Jiich fngar^fot want of which, unlefs relief is granted by parliament, the

B 3	faid

$	Anno	viccfimo	GfioROii III. c. 8.	£ 1780,

faid fugar is liable to the fame duties, reflriftions, regulations, penal-ties, and forfeitures, fugar of the growth, produce,	manufacture*

(tf any French colony or plantation, notwithf landing the fame is really the produce of the Britilh colonies or plantations in America ; For remedy whereof, be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That it fhall and may be Jawful for the refpedive commif-fioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any three or more of them* to permit the faid fugar fo fecurcd in warchonfes or not entered, to be entered and delivered, upon payment of the Britifh plantation duties for the quantity landed, and the difference of tjte duties fo depofited to be returned, upon the proof herein-before required and direded; any thing in the faid ad, of the eighteenth year of his prefent Majelly, to the contrary notwith-(landing.

CAP. VIII.

An aft to indemnify fuch officers of the militia as have not tranjmitted ' to the clerks of the peace deferiptions of their qualifications* and cer-tificates of their having taken the oaths as required; and for allowing farther time for the delivery of dejeriptions of qualifications by fuch officers of the militia; and for obliging the captain lieutenant to deliver in a defeription of his qualification.

Preamble. ‘▼TTffEREAS by an aft, puffed in the lafl feffion of parlia-7xeCoftbe laft VV meat* (intituledy An ad to explain, amend, and render feffion;	more effedual, the feveral laws now in being relative to the

militia forces of this kingdom; and for making certain provi-(ions relative to the fencible men in that part of Great Britain called Scotlandy) every officer then holding or then after accepting a commiffion as colonely lieutenant colonely major, or captainy is required, before the firjl day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-niney or within fix months after juch acccptancey to deliver in his or their feveral w refpeftive qualification or qualifications agreeable to the directions of an aft made in the eighteenth and 18 Geo. 3,year of his Majefiy's reign, (intituledy An ad to amend and ren-c- 59*	der	more	effedual	the	laws	relating	to the raifiog and training

the militia within that part of Great Britain called England\ and to eftablifh certain regulations with refped to officers ferving in the corps of fencible men direded to be raifed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned 5) and alfo to trenfmit to the clerk of) the. peace of the county* in the militia whereoj fuch officer fhall fervey a true defeription of bis qualification, and alfo a certificate of his having taken the oaths required: and whercaSy by reajon of Juch officers being upon dutyy and at a diflance from their refpeftive counties, many of them have omitted to deliver in their refpeftive qualificationsy and to, tranf-mit fuch defeription and certificate as aforefaidy whereby they are or may be liable to the penalties impofed by the faid afts for fuch negleft or omiffion: be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent nujefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-(ual ancj temporal, and commpns, in this prefent parliament

o	aflembled.

Digitized by

1786.^] Anno vicefimo Georg!! III. c. 9.	7

affiftttbled, and by (he authority of the fame. That in cafe any Militia offi-fuch colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain, or officer of	^avc

militia, (hall have negleCed or omitted to deliver in his or their deliver in their feveral refpecHve qualification or qualifications, or to tranfmit to qualifications, the clerk of the peace of the county, in the militia whereof fuch &c. are inofficer (hall ferve, a true defeription of his qualification for hold-ing fuch refpeftive commiffion, and alfo a certificate of his theira v having taken the oaths required, fuch officer or officers, not-withftanding fuch omiffion or neglect, (hall be, and are hereby indemnified from the'penalties impofed by the faid recited afls for fuch omiffion or negleft 5 and all a<fts done by them, in virtue of their refpedlive commiffions as officers in the militia, are hereby directed to be valid and of full effedl; any thing in the faid recited a6ts, or either of them, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That every officer now hold- officers to de-ing or hereafter accepting a commiffion as colonel, lieutenant liver in their colonel, major, captain, or captain lieutenant, excepting only qualificationt fuch * captain lieutenants as have adled as fuch before the firft ^ ^ |0March day of July* oite thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, in **17 the militia, not having already tranfmitted to the clerk of the peace of the county, in the militia whereof fuch officer (hall ferve, a true defeription of his qualification for holding fuch commiffion, according to the directions of an a& of the laft fef-fion of parliament, (hall, on or before the firft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, or within fix months after having accepted Any fuch commiffion in future, tranfmit to the clerk of the peace of the county, in the militia whereof fuch officer (hall ferve-, a true defeription of his qualification for holding fuch commiffion as aforefaid; and in cafe any fuch officer (hall negletft or omit to tranfmit fuch defeription of his qualification, every fuch officer fo omitting or negle&ing (Hall be liable to the penalties impofed by the faia aQ.s for fuch neg-k£k or omiffion.

C A P. IX.

An aft for extending the Provifions of two Qfls, made in theeigh-itenth year of his prefent Majefty's reign, and in the laft feffion of parliament, with refpett to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanifh prize goods ; andfor repealing fo much of the faid la/l-mentioned aft as relates to the certificates for prize tea and Eaft India goods exported from this kingdom to Ireland; for the removal of Eaft India goods condemned as prize at any out-port to London for fale, and of prize goods for exportation; and for reducing the duty on foreign prize tobacco.

WHEREAS bis Majefty, by order in council dated the Preamble.

eighteenth day of' June, one thoufand feven hundred and fe-tunty-nine, was pleafea to order that general reprizals be granted Offtinft the flips, goods, and fubjefts, of the king of Spain; and that) of weH kU his Mojeflfs fleets and flips, as alfo all other flips

£ 4	and

Digitized by Google

8	Anno vfcefimp Georgii III. c.9.	[1780,

end veffels that /ball be commiffmed by Utters of marque or general reprizals, or other wife, by the commiffioners for executing the office cj lord high admiral qJ Great Britain, Jhall and may lawfully Jeize all ftps, vcjfelatfd goods, belonging to the ling of Spain, or his fubjccls, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the king of Spain, and bring theJame to judgement in any of his Majejifs courts of admiralty within his Majejlyy dominions: and whereas it is expedietit that the fveral provijtons 0f two atts of parliament, the one made in the eighteenth year of his Majefiy's reign, (intituled, *8 Geo. 3. c. An att fpr the relief of the captors of prizes, with refpett to ,5*	. the bringing and landing certain prize.goods in this kingdpm ;)

19 Geo. 3. c.	arid the other made in the la ft jujfton	of parliament, (intituled. An

5-	att for granting relief to the captors 0/ prizes, with refpett to

bringing and landing certain French prizes (in this kingdom,) fhould be extended in file manner to all prize goods which have been,

.	or maybe taken from the Spaniards in pursuance of his Majejlys

faid order in council, fubjeft neverthelef to fuch alterations <wd r€-gulatious as arc herein-a/ter prefer ibed: may it therefore pleafe your Majefiy that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the king’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent The above-	parliament afiembled, and by the	authority of the fame. Thy

incited atts	the faid recited atts, made in the	eighteenth year of his Mar

exterdcdtoal! jefly’s reign, and in the laft feffion of parliament, and all the takend'nce^ artic'es> claufes, and provifions therein, (except where any aitcr-junen,gt ,779> ation is made by this att,) fhall extend, and be conftrued to or which may extend, to all prize goods and fhips or veflels which have been be taken du- taken From the Spaniards fince the eighteenth day of June, one

fenthottilidts t^ou^anc^ ^escn hundred and feventy-nine, or which hereafter quay be taken during the continuance of the pretVnt hoftilities -with Spain, by any of his Majeiiy’s (hips or veflels of war, or by any private or other fnip or veflel having commifficn or other authority from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, for that purpole.

Clauferelative If- And it is hereby further enatted by the authority afore-to the pay- faid, That where any foreign fhip or ve/Tel hath been or fhall ment of duties, hereafter be taken, during the prefent hoftilities,’ and coh-for p izes con-^emrted as pr|ze jn any of hjs Majeftv’s dominions out of this Majcify's do-S kingdom, the duty due and payable by law for fuch fhip or minions be- veflel fhall be paid, upon her firft arrival at any port in this yond fea. kingdom, to file collettor of his Majefty’s cuftoms at fuch port, by the mafter, owner, or conflgnee, of fuch fhip or veflel, whether the fame fhall hive been fold by the captors after condem-* nation, or other.wife; and that no foreignbuilt (hip or veflel fo condemned (hall enjoy or be entitled to the privilege of a Britijb-built fhip or veflel, until fuch duty is paid for tftefame: and it fhall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of T\is Majefty’s cuftoms to ftop and detain fuch fhip or veffel at any , port in Great Britain, until the faid duty is paid as aforefaid ; and in cafe payment thereof Hull not be made, for the fpace oj " u	•	‘	‘	tbreQ

Digitized by

Google

jy8o.] Anno viceSmo Georgii III. c. 9.

three calendar months after the arrival of fuch (hip or veflel at any port in this kingdom, it <fhail and may be lawful for the comtniffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any three or more of them, to caufe fuch (hip or veffel, and her materials, apparel and furniture, to be fold publickly to the beft bidder, and the pfoduce thereof to be applied, firft to the charges that (hall arife by fuch detention and lale, next to the cuftoms and duties, and the overplus to be paid' to the proprietor of fuch (hip or vefiel or other perfon duly authortfed by fuch proprietor to receive the fame.

III.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority part of aforelaid. That fo much of the herein-before recited a<ft, made recited ad of in the laft feftion of parliament, as enadls, That if any tea, or ,aft feflion re-other Eaft India goods, which are or may be liable to any du- pcacd-

ties ad valorem, which (hall be taken and condemned as prize,

(hall be exported from this kingdom to Ireland, thfe certificates, cocquets, and other documents, (hall exprefs the price or value at which fuch goods were fold by the captors or their agents upon condemnation, and that fuch cocquets and other documents (hall have the fame force and effed, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever, upon the importation of fuch goods into Inland^ as if the faid goods had been imported by and fold at the Wes of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Ea/l Indies, (hall, from and after the pafling of this adt be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

IV.	And whereas goods of the growth, produi7, or manufaflure Eaft India of the Eaft Indies taken as prize, have been, and may, during the goods con-prefent boftilities with France or Spain, be carried into fome of the demn^ a# cot-ports of this kingdom and condemned; and from the inexperience Sun port* (hall the officers of the cuftoms at futh ports, difficulties have artfen in com- be brought to puting and charging the duties thereon : for remedy whereof, be it London tor further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes raie-

where fuch goods (hall be carried into any out-port in this kingdom, and condemned as prize, bond, with fufficient fecu-rity, (hall be given to his Majefty, in treble the value of fuch goods, that the fame (hall be brought to London, and delivered to his Majefty’s warehoufe-keeper at the cuftom-houfe for the port of London, to be depofited by him in warehoufes provided at the expence of the captors or their agents, and approved of by the commiffioners of the cuftoms, or any four or more of them; and with further condition to produce a certificate from fuch warehoufe-keeeper, within three months from the date of fuch bond, that the goods have been delivered accordingly; which fecurity the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, at the port from whence (uch goods are to be removed, are hereby authorized and impowered to take, and to cancel and difeharge fuch bond upon receiving the cer- -tifiate from the warehoufe-keeper, as herein-before diretfed 5 and if fuch goods fhall be fent by land carriage, they (hall be removed under the feals of office of fuch collator and comptroller, or principal officer of the cuftoms, and (hall be accompanied

Google

jo	Anno victfimo GEdROit 1IL G. 9.	[1780;

panied with a Tranfire expreffing the number and marks of the packages; and all fuch goods fo removed, either by land or water, (hall afterwards be publickly expofcd to fale in the city of London, by the captors or their agents, they giving notice of fuch fale to the proper officers of the cuftoms and excife ap<-How the da- pointed or to be appointed for that purpofe; and the duties ties thereon due and payable for fuch goods (hall be thereupon computeci (hall be com- and charged by the proper officers of the cuftoms or excife rev fpeftively concerned therein, by the fame rules, regulations, and reftridioris, in all refpeds (excepting any allowance for ware-houfe rent) as the duties payable upon the like godds imported *	by, and fold at the Tales of, the united company of merchants

or England trading to the Eajl Indies, are computed and charged ; and the duties due by law thereon (hall be accordingly paid and applied; any cuftom or ufage to the contrary not-wiihftanding.

Prize goods V. And whereas, by the herein-before recited ad, made in the lodged in eighteenth year of bis Majefty s feign, it is, amongfi other things, warehoofes enabled. That any prize goods received into any wartkoufes in this moved to any kingdom, in purfuance of that aft, may be exported directly from cuftom-houfe thence without paying any further duty than is by the faid all diraft-warehoufe in id, upon the fecurity therein mentioned: and whereas, in fomt cafes. Great Britain lt js imprcfluable for the captors or their agents to procure flips to or exportati- export fuch g0Q(}5 foreftly Jrom fa ports where they are fo wars-houfed, and the keeping fuch goods therein for a confiderable time, in order to procure fuch vejfels, is attended with great expence and lofs to the captors; for remedy whereof, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioncrs of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any three or more of them, in any cafe where they (hall think proper, to order fuch goods, fo fecured in any warehoufe in this kingdom, to be removed and fent from thence for exportation to any cuftom-houfe warehoufe, at any other port or place in Great Britain, by and under the feal of office of the colledor and comptroller ot the cuftoms at tire port from whence the goods are intended to be fo removed, at the expence of the captors or their agents, or other perfon or perfons who may have purchafed the fame j and in fuch cafe, the fecurity directed by the hereinbefore recited ad, (hall be taken by the cuftomer or ooWedor of the port to which fuch goods are removed, before they are delivered for exportation, inftead of the cuftomer or colledor of the port where they were firft warehoused as aforefaid $ any thing in the faid recited ad to the contrary notwithftanditig. Foreign prize V I. And whereas the duties payable by law upon prize tobacco, tobacco to of fa groipth, product,, or manufacture, of any foreign colony or §uties as^to * P^antattcn-> ^e fo high as to render it impracticable for the copters baccothepro- or their agents to difpofe of the fame, after condemnation, in Ms duce of Britifh kingdom to any advantage \ for rtmedy thereof, be it further enad-America. cd by the authority aforefaid, That all tobacco, not being the growth, produd, or manufacture, of any Britifl American colony or plantation, or any place or country under the dominion

of

Digitized by Google

1780.] Anno vicefuno CEORGir III. q. 9/	*	*

of his Majefty, which hath been taken and condemned as

prize, and which is now. jrpm^ioiog in any warehoufe in this

kingdom under the, king’s locks, or on board any (hip or veflel

unentered at the cuftom-houfe, or which mall hereafter,

during the prefent hoftilities with France or Spain, be taken

and condemned as prize in tlii$ kingdom, pr in any of hrs Ma-

jefty’s dominions abroad, (hall be liable to pay the fame duties

as tobacco of the growth, prodult, or manufalture, of the

Britijb colonies or plantations in America; are or may bedrabie

to by law, and to no other; and upon exportation of fu$h what part of

tobacco into foreign parts, the whole of ftich duties fo paid or the duties (hail

fecured (hall be repaid and dravyn back, or the feeprity vacated, bedra^pback

excepting the half of the old fubfidy, granted by an all pafled exportati-

in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second,

and the whole of the further fubfidy of poundage, granted by

an aIt pafled in the twenty-firft year of the reign of hi? late

aajefty King George the Second, being what is commonly

called the fubfidy one thoufand feven hundred and forty-feven > if

(uch tobacco (hall 4>e taken by any of his Majeftv's (hips or

veflpls of war; and the half of the old fubfidy only, if taken

by any private or other (hip having commiflion as aforefaidj

and fuch tobacco (hall, in all other refpelts, be fubje# and

liable to the fame Securities, rules, regulations, and reftriefions,

as tobacco of the growth, prodult, or manufacture, of the

Britijb colonies or plantations in America, are or may be liable

\o by law; any alt or alts of parliament, cuftom, or ufage, to

the contrary notwithftanding,

Vli. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enalted Direltions rc-by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any fuch foreign to- lativc to tobacco (hall be taken as prize, and carried into any foreign port [^bacco^on-or place, and condemned in any of his Majefty’s dominions derailed in any out of this kingdom, and fuch tobacco (hall be afterwards of his Majef-imported into Great Britain, the importer or proprietor of fuch ty’sdominions tobacco (hall produce, to the colleltor and comptroller of the cuftorps at the port of importation, a certificate under the wards import-bands and feais of office of the colleltor and comptroller of the ed into Great cuftoms, and naval officer, or any two of them, at the port or Britain, place where fuch tobacco (hall be condemned; and if there (hall be no coileltpr or comptroller, or naval officer, at fuch port or place, then under the hand and feal of the governor or cosravander in. chief, or the Britijb conful refiding there, certifying that fuch tobacco hath been taken and condemned as prize; which certificate (hall exprefe. the quantity, number, up&atks, of the package of fuch tobacco,. and by what (hip the tape wps: taken, and when and where the fame was con-{tapnedi op failure whereof, fuch tobacco (ball fee fiibjeH to thelame dufies-and reftrilUons aa it would have been liable to if litis alb had not been made.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

> iz

Preamble.

Pecital of an aft ii Car. »,

21 Sr a 3 Car.

and 15 Car. a,

4 Geo. j, c. *5-

Anno viceGmo Georg ii III.' c. io. [1780,

. ^ ! rrv/. .	'	.

CAP. X.

An aft to allow tie trade between Ireland and the Brittfh colonies and plantations in America and the Weft Indies, and the Britilh Jettlements on the coajl 0/* Africa, to be carried on in like manner . as it is nqw carried on between Great Britain and the faid colo-. nies and fettlements.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An aft, for the encouraging and increafing of (hipping and navigation,) it isj amongfl other things enafted, That, for every fhip or vejfel which Jhall load any commodities, in that aft particularly enumerated, at any Englifli plantation in America, Afia, or Africa, being the growth, produft, or manufafture thereof bond fball be given, with one furetyy to the value of one thoufand pounds, if the flip be of lefs burthen than one hundred tonsy and of the fum of two thoufand pounds^ if the fhip be of greater burthgn, that the fame commodities fhall be brought by fuch fhip or vejfel to fome other Englifh plantation, or to fome port in England or Ireland, or principality of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed: and whereas, by another aft of parliament, made in the twenty fecond and twenty-third years of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An aft to prevent the planting of tobacco in England, and for regulating the plantation trade,) it was amongfl other things enafted, That the word Ireland fhould be left out of all fuch bonds: and whereas, by feveralfubfequent afts of parliament, made in this kingdom* which are now in forcey the faid enumerated commodities, and feveral other articles which are particularly enumerated in fuch fubfequent afts, are to be carried to fome other Britifh plantation, or to fome port in Great Britain only: and whereas by another aft of parliament, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Charles the fecond, (intituled, An aft for the encouragement of trade,) no commodity of the growth, produftion> or manufafture of Europe, (excepting fome particular articles which are enumerated in that aft, and in other fubfequent afts of parliament which are now in forced can be imported into any hnd, ifland, plantation, colony, territory, or placey belonging to9 or in the poffeffion of his Majejly, in Afia, Africa, or America, but what fhall be bona fide, and without fraud, laden and fbipped in Great Britain, in Jbips navigated according to law and carried direftly from thence, and from no other place or places whatfoever; and whereas by another aft of parliament, made in the fourth year of his prefent Ma-jejlfs reign, (intituled, An aft for ganting .certain duties in the britifh Colonies and plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an aft palled in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled, An aft for the better fecuring and encouraging the trade of bis Majejly* s Jugar colonies in America;) for applying the produce of fuch duties, and of the duties to arife by virtue of the faid aft, towards defraying the expences of defending, protefting,

and

Digitized by C^ooQle

1780.] Anno viecfimp Georg 11III. c» id.

and fecuring, the laid colonies and plantations;., for, explaining an ad made in the twcnty-jifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, .(intituled. An aft for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eafilap d trades, and for the better fccuring the plantation trade,) and for altering and difallowing ieveral drawbacks on* exports from this kingdom, and more effe&ually preventing the dandeftine conveyance of goods to and from the faid colonies and plantations, and improving and fccuring the trade! between the fame and Great Britain \) it is, amongfl ojfrer\ things, emfted, 'Tba( any officer * of the • cujloms may flop any Britifh vejfel arriving from any port of Europe, 'which /ball be dift csvered within two leagues of she'Jhore of the Britifh colonies in America, and taf e from thence and feize, as forfeited, fny* goods' (except fait, wineL bsrfcs, viftuaU, and linen cloth\ hi therein par

!3

ticularly mentioned) for which the m 'after JhaU hot produce q cocquct or clearance from the collector or Proper officer of hij Majefiy's, cu-ftms, certifying that the laid goods. Were laden on board-(he faid Jbip\ or vejfel infome port of Great Britain : and whereas by' another afti.

r	t y	1

...i.	It

:	i

ftoms, certifying that the laid goods. Were or vejfel in fome port of Great Britain : « of parliament, made'in thefevcnlb year of. the reign offing C^eorge the Firft, (intituled. An a6l fqr the further .preventing his Ma-‘ jetty’s fubje<£ts from trading to the Eajl indies under foreign cotnmiflions; and for encouraging and further (ecureingthe law-] ful trade thereto : and for further regulating.the pilots of Dover,^ Deal, and the ifle of Thanet,) it is, amongfl other thingsf enafted^ That no commodity of the growth, produft, or manufacture of the[ Eaft Indies, and other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, flail be imported or carried into any land, ijland, plantation, colony, territory, or place, to his Majefiy or the crown of Great Britain belonging, or which fhould thereafter belong to his Majefiy, his heirs ondfuuejfors, in Africa or America, but fuch only as /ball be bona fide, and without fraud, laden and Jhipped in Great Britain, in flips navigated according to law: and whereas it is expedient to allow the trade between Ireland and the Britifh colonies in America and the Weft Indies, and the Britifh fettlements on the coajl of Africa, to be carried on in like manner, and with equal advantages to his Majefiy's fubjefts in Ireland, as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the faid colonies and fettlements; may it therefore pleafe your Majefiy that it may be cna&ed; and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent Majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That any goods, wares, or merchandize, of the growth, produdt, or manufa&ure of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, or the Weft Indies, or of any of the fettlements belonging to Great Britain on the coaft of Africa, and which by any adi or adts Of parliament are required to be imported fron^ fuch colonies, plantations, or fettlements, into Great Britain9, and alfo any other goods* which, having been in stny way legally imported into the faid colonies, plantations, or fettle* meats, may now or hereafter be legally exported from thence for Great Britain, (hall ar\d may be laden in, and exported frotii ' “	...	•	*	fueh

7 Geo. 1, c. ii/

Any goods which may be legally im-orted from

rica, or the Britifh ftt dements on the coaft of Africa, into Great Britain, may in like manner be import-

Digitized by Google

%4	Anno vic^lffWo (Seorgii IH. fc'. i6r. f ij 8ol.

directly from fuch ccJonic^ pknrationsi, ot i^ttlfctnents, refpedlrveiy, and in the faid fettle- ni^nner iinpbrted dWe^l/ffotii thence idto til'd* kjh^dottt of into Ireland i Tteland\ and' th^t any goods of coth modi ties of th<6 growth* And any produfliorf, or manufacture of Inland, of of the growth, pfo-goods which duflion, or manufacture of Great Britain, legally exported frorn may be legally thence into Ireland, or of the growth, production, or ihanufac-GiwBritaT ture ofany ot^er Part °f Europe •, and any goods or cofnmodi-toBritiftiAme* t,es °f grdwth, product or manufacture, of the Eajl Indies\ rica, or the or other places beyond tht Cape of Good Hope, which are now faid fettle- required by any aCt of parliament to be (hipped or lkdfen in ments, may be Great Btithin, to be carried directly from thence tb any Britijb re<§ly from" colony oV plantation in Africa or America \ as alfo arty other Iceland to the goods, yfates, or merchandize, which now or hereafter may feme places; be legally (hipped or laden in Great Britain, to be carried di-• rectlv from thence, and imported into any colony or plantation in America or the Wejl Indies, or into any Br///$Tettlement on the coaft tiVAfrica \ (hall and may bt (hipped ahef laden at any port or piach ih the kingdom of Ireland, and exported direCtly ffom thence, and in like manner imported into any Britijb co-, lony or plantation in America or the IVefl' IhdieSy or* ifito any Britijb Oeftlement on the coaft of Africa; any thing in the faid Kerein-befbre recited acts, or either of them, of any other aCt Or acts of' parliament made in Great Britain, or any ufage or Cuftom, to the contrary notWithftanding; fubjeCt neverthelels to the conditions herein-after exprefled.

On condition II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the tarHamcnt'^1 ^ut^or^y aforefaid, That the importation ^nd* exportation al-impofcl on the lowed by this aCt, (hall commence from and as foon, and (halt goods to be fo have continuance fo long, and in fuch refpeCtive cafes'only, as exported or the goods, or any of them,»which are hefeby allowed to be tl^°&:tcde uai *mPortc^ ^roon‘ l*,e fai(* colonies, plantations, or fettlements, to t*hofe to into Ireland, or to be exported from Ireland into the faid colo-which fuch	hies, plantations, or fettlemenfs,	(hall be liable,	by fome	aCt

goods are lia-	or aCts ofparliament to be made	in the kingddm	of Ireland, to

exleortedC,nS	etua* duties and drawback's, ancf	(hall be made (ubject to	the

from^or im-	^ame Securities, regulations, and	reftrifiions, in	all other	re-

ported into, fpects, as the like'goods now are, or hereafter may be, liable Great Britain, and fubjeCV to upon beirtg, imported from the faid colonies, plantations, or fcttlements, into 'Great Britain, or exported from thertce tq fuch colonies, plantations, or fettlements refpectivelyj in the confideration of which equal duties and drawbacks, due attention may be given to, and allowance made for, ahy duty or impofition, oi any part of the fame, which (hall be retained in Great Britain, or not drawn back, or not compenfated by bounty in Great Britain, upon the export of any fuch goods, wares, or. merchandize, from thence to Ireland, as alfo for any duty paid on importation of fuch gqdds, wares, or merchandize into Ireland, fo as the faid gpbds, wares, or merchandize refpec-tively* be not exported from Ireland with lefs incumbrante of duties or impofitions than now do, or hereafter (hall, remain upon this like goods when legally exported from Great Britain.

III.	And

Digitized by v^ooQle

i;Sa] Anno vitefimo GsdAGii III. €. io.:

•III. Anditis hereby farther enacted by the authority afore- Partoft|i£re-: faid, That, during the continuance of thii aft, fe much of the btf£in-before recited aft, made in the twenty-fecond and tweri- rcpC\le^ *r ty-third years of the reign of King Charles the Second, as (fi- V reds or requires the word Ireland to be left out of any bond t£en for any Alitor veflftlthat (hall lbad any enumerated commodities in any Britijb plantation irv America, Afta± or Africa*

(hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made vend; any thing in the faid recited aft, Or any other aft or aft.fr of paHi*-menr, to the contrary notwithftahdlng.

IV.	And it is further enafted by the authority aforefaid, aaofertlatite That fo much of the aft of the fourth year of his prefent Ma- to the recited jetty's reign* as is hcrein-before recited, (hall not extend, or be Gf0* 3* conftrucd to extend, to fubjeft to feizure and forfeiture, any

goods, wares* or merchandize, tthich by this aft, or by any other aft or afts of parliament, may now or hereafter, bp legally imported from Ireland into any of the Britijb colOrtits or plantations in, America, or any Britijb fettlement on the coaft of r’ ^ Africa\ provided the matter* or other perfon taking the charge of the (hip or veffel carrying fuch goods, (halt produce a	i tl ^ ^

cocquet or cocquets* clearance or cfearances, from the proper officer or officers of hii Majefty's cuftoms, certifying that thd faid goods were laden on bofrrd the faidf (hip or veflei in fome, port of Great Bfitain, or in feme yoxt oilrefond, refpeftively.

V.	Provided alfo, and it 19 hereby further enafted by the Regulationste

authority aforefaid. That if it (hall fo happen that any hddiudnal beobferved oa duty (hall be impofed, or . any alteration (hall be made in the any alteration drawbacks, or. otherwife, upon any goods fo as aforeCaid	Great	Si-

ported into, or exported from Great Britain, by any aft of par- tain when the ilament that may hereafter be made in this kingdom at any Irifh parlia-time when the parliament of Ireland'fhall not be fitting; that ment (hall not then and in fuch cafe the liberty of importation and exportation, bc

granted by this aft, (hall have continuance, and remain in full force, with refpeft to fuch goods, until the end of four calendar* months after the meeting of the then next feffion of parliament* in Ireland; but if the parliament of Ireland (hall be fitting at the time that any fuch additional duty (hall be impofed* or. any fuch alteration (hall be made in Great Britain, then, and in fuch cafe, the liberty of importation and exportation granted by this aft (hall have continuance, and remain in full force, upon fuch goods as aforefaid, until the end of four calendar months from the time that fuch. aclditiopal duty (hall be laid, or fuch alteration made, in cafe the parliament of Ire/and (hM fo long continue to fit without prorogation or diflolution; and ia cafe it (hall within that time be prorogued or diflojved, then the liberty of importation and exportation aforefaid (hall havp continuance, and remain in full force, until the end of four car lendar months hext after the meeting of the then next feffion of parliament in Ireland.

VI.	Provided always, apd be it declared and enafted by the This aft not authority aforefaid, That nothing herein*before contained * (hall to reftrain any

extend htxrty of **-

Digitized by v^ooQie

Anno vkefimo GeoRGII IIL e. u,—*14.'	[1780J

pqrftQ,orup- exretid to, or be conftrued to extend to^ the impeding any cbti-dition or reftri&ion upon or in refpedt of any goods, wares, of* AfKca^^rft- 'merchandize* which by an ad pafied in the eighteenth year of ed to Ae Irifti his prefent Maje fly’s reign, intituled. An aft to permit the expor-by any former tqtion of certqifi goods direftly from Ireland into any Britifh planta-tion in America, or any Britifh fettlement on the coaji of Africa j and for further encouraging the fijfheries and navigation of Ireland; or which by any other ad or ads of parliament may now be legally exported from Ireland to any of the Britijh colonies or plantations in America and the Weft Indies, or to the Britifh \ fettlements pn thecoaft pf Africa*or which may now, beiegally t ;	4	;	imported into Ireland from any of the colonies, plantations, or

^	.	fettleipents	aforefaid; any thing Jierein-before contained to the 1

contrary, notwithftanding.	.	'	.	. f

VII,	Provided alfp, and it js .hereby further enaded by the authorjty ^forefaid,* That this ad (hall not extend, or be con-(^ped; to extend, to allow any perfon or perfohs to trade ro, fyom, or in* apy colony-or plantation in America* during fuch time, ppdapiuch manner^ as the trade or intereburfe of Great

No perfon to trade to any colony in America whilft fuch trade is pro

hibited by ad fyritain with^uch colony.of,plantation is or (hall be prohibited of parliament. ^ reftrajnedjby any ad or ads ofparliament made, or hereafter tp be made, in this kingdom> but whenever trade and inter~ courfe (hall he permitted between Great Britain and fucb cb-lony or colonies, the fame trade- and intercourse (haH in like rV_	manner be permitted ar>d allowed betweq Ireland jand the laid

f, colony or colonies.	..

1	•	••	;	,*•	....	c	A	P.	XL

An ad for continuing the term and powers of an ad, made in the thirty* fecond year of rhe reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An ad for laying a duty of two pennies fcots, or one fixth parr of a penny fterling, upon every fcots pint of ale, porter, and beer, which (hall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the town of Kelfo, in the (hire of Roxburgh, for finifliing a bridge crofs the river Tweed, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Preamble. Ad 3a Geo. a. recited and further continued for *i years.

Publick ad.

CAP. XII.

An ad for punithing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. XIII.

An ad for the regulation of his Majefty's marine forces while on Ihore.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for defraying the charge of the pay and cloatbing of the Militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, ofie thoufand feven hundred and eighty t

WHEREAS it is necejfary that provifion Jhould be made for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing for the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England,/or one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty *r

be

Digitized by Google

1780.] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 14*	if

be it therefore ena&ed by the King's mod excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That in every county, riding, or Where the place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where JJjilfr** " j* the militia is or fhall be raifed, the receiver or receivers general of the land-tax of fuch county, riding or place refpe&ively, fhall general of the iffue and pay the whole Turns required, in the manner, and for county is to the feveral ufes herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay, for the »fTuc four pay of the faid militia for four calendar months in advance, at the rate of fix (hillings a day for each adjutant, where an adju- according to tant is appointed; and at the rate of one (hilling for each fer- the eftabuth-jeant, with the addition of two (hillings and fixpence a week ment of pay for each ferjeant-major^ where a ferjeant-major is appointed 5 hcr* fet “own* and at the rate of fixpence a day for each drummer, with the addition of fixpence a day for each drum-major, where a drum-major is appointed; and alfo at the rate of fixpence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, and independant Company of militia; one penny whereof fhall be applied for defraying the hofpital expences of each regiment, battalion, or independant company, during the time of the men's being from home, upon account of their annual exercife; and alfo for half a with half a year’s falary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of mili- year’s falary to tia belonging to fuch county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty Jnd^attafioa pounds a year; and alfo for the refpedtive allowances tp the clerks; clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the feveral fubdivi- and the al-fion meetings, at the rates following; (that is to fay). To the *?wa?c? clerk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds and five JJJ®

(hillings for each meeting; and to the feveral clerks of the fuk- andfubtlm-divifion meetings, at the rate of one pound and one (hilling for iion meetings; each meeting; and alfo for the cloathing of the militia for fuch and pay for county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds and ten (^mihua!^ (hillings for each ferjeant, and two pounds for each drummer,1 with the addition of one pound for each ferjeant-major, and each drum-major; and, with refpetf to the private militia men, where the militia hath not been cloathed within three years, at the rate of one pound and ten (hillings for each private man.

II.	Provided neverthelefs. That in any county, riding, or Wbert wy place, where pay has not yet been ifTued for the militia, no pay

(hall be ifTued until his Majefty’s lieutenant, or, in his abfence, to be’iflued or in cafe of a vacancy by the death or removal of his Majefiy's till the lord lieutenant, any three ueputy lieutenants of any fuch county, rid- lieutenant, or ing, or place, fhall have certified to the commiflioners of his haveemified Majefiy’s treafury, and to the receiver general of the land-tax, to ^ mafury that three-fifths of the number of private militia-men of fuch and receivers7 county, riding, or place, have been inrolled, and that three-fifths general the of the proportion of their commiffion officers have accepted their	of

commiflions, and entered their qualifications as by law required. n^J^n and

III.	And be it enaded. That all fuch fums of money granted officers.

for tfe pay of the militia as aforefaid, except fuch as mail be The money ii ■ Vol. XXXIII.	C	ducwbepaxib/

Digitized by Google

i8

the receiver general to the clerk of ihe regiment or battalion, (except the allowances to the clerks of the meetings) upon producing the warrant of his appointment;

and for independant com-, panies, to the refpe&ive captains, or to their order;

according to the eftablilh* ment laid down in the. mU»tia a& of % Geo. j.

A fecond payment is alfo to he made within three months after the firft, and a third within three months after the fecond. Reeeipti of the ptrioHS to whom the money (hall be fo paid, to dif-charge the re* reivers general.

THeregihien-m arid batfa-li6h tjerks Ui^c to pay In ad-v*«£eorit

mw-

Anno vicefimo GeoRGH III. c.»4•	[1780.

due to the feveral clerks of the meetings afore fa id, and except fuch as (hall be due on account of cloathing, (hall, where the militia has never been embodied, be paid by the faid receiver or receivers general of the land-tax into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments or battalions of militia belongingto.fuch county, riding, or place, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to fuch office, under the hand and feal of his Majefty’s lieutenant for fuch refpedUve county, riding, or place; and where the militia has been embodied, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments or battalions, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to fuch office, under the hand and feal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion refpe&ively, notwith-ftanding fuch militia (hall have been difembodied; and where the militia (hall be formed into an independant company or independant companies, fuch fums as aforefaid (hall be paid, by the faid receiver or receivers general of the land-tax, into the hands of the refpe&ive captain of each independant company of militia, or to fuch perfon as fuch refpe&ive captain (hall autho-rife to receive the fame, according to the number of perfons hereby intitled to receive pay and cloathing, of which fuch regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, independant company oT independartt companies, (hall have been appointed to conlift, according to the eftablilhment laid down in an adt, pitted in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft to explain, amende and reduce into one aft of parliament, the feveral lav;s now in being relating to the raiftng and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England;) and fuch receiver or receivers general of the land-tax (hill alfo, within fourteen days after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of the faid firft payment, make a fecond payment for four calendar months in advance; and (hall alfo, within fourteen days after the expiration of the three calendar months from the time of the faid fecond payment, make a third payment for four calendar months in advance, for the pay and contingent expenses of the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforefaid, in the proportions herein-before mentioned 5 and the receipts of fuch d«rk or clerks, and of fuch captain of an independant company, or captains of independant companies, or of fuch perfon or perfons as fuch captain or captains (hall fo authorife to receive Rich money as aforefaid, (hall be a fufficicnt difeharge to fuch receiver or receivers general of the land-tax for the feveral ‘fums of money fo by him or them paid.

IV.	And be it ena&ed, That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia (hall forthwith, after the receipt of fuch fums pf money as aforefaid, pay, or caufe to be paid, one calendar month's pay in advance to the adjutant of fuch regiment or b3ttalfoft refpe£Hvely; and to the captain or officer commanding each company belonging to fuch regiment or battalion, two

months

Digitized by UooQle

1780.) Anno vicefimo Georgii III. C. 14.	19

months pay in advance for the ferjeants and drummers j jpd two months alfo to the officer commanding the company to whicfr tM fer- Pay t?^ch jeant-major and drum-major (hall belong, two months pay in advance tor fuch ferjeant and drum-major; and fo, from time to and drum- * time, as Jong as any money on that account (hall remairj in his, mers; and for hands: which pa/every fuch captain or officer commanding is the ferjeant-hereby required to diftribute to each perfon belonging to his ^^.^aior company, by this aft intitled to receive the fame, as it (hall be- two months come due; and the captain of each independant company is pay to be paid hereby required to diftribute to each perfon belonging to his to the corn-company intitled thereto, fuch money as he (hall receive for pay ^”doffhcf" of his company by virtue of this aft; and fuch captain or officer company to Commanding (hall, once in every year, give in to the clerk of which they the regiment or battalion to which fuch company (hall belong, belong: or if captain of an independant company, to the receiver general, d^fributVthe an account pf the feveral payments he (hall have made in pur- paynacCord-fuance of this aft, according to the following form:	ingly;

fer the fame yearly to the clerk, or receiver general if an independant comnanv^c-cording to the following form j	*

County of	Dr.

To cafli received of Mr.

regimental or I battalion clerk,or re- ( ceiver general (as tbt C cafe /bail be) for two \

eiontlps pay in advance J

Per contra,

Paid ferjeant for days pay, from the of	to the of

folio win *	—

Ditto as ferjeant major 1 (if one in the company) J Paid ferjeant for days pay, from the of	to the of

following	-■ —«

Paid	drummer

days it fix pence, from the of to the of	following	J

Ditto as drum major (if i one in the company)	)

Paid	drummer	1

days from the of > to the of following J

I

And (hall pay back to the (aid clerk, or to the receiver general, (as the cafe (hall be), the furplus (if any) of the money by him from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands.

V.	Provided always, and be it hereby farther ena&ed, That in cafe the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or iodependaqt company of militia, (hall certify in writing to the derkof the feme, that he hath difcharged any ferjeant or drummer as unfit for the fervice; that in fuch cafe, no pay be iflued for the perfon fo difcharged, until another be duly appointed by him; and that no payment be made to any ferjeant or drummer who hath been fo difcharged, or who has not previoufiy been apprqved of by the commanding officer, in cafe pf vacancy by death, or otherwife.

C 2	VI.	And

and pay back the lurplus monies in his hands.

On difcharge of ferjeants or drummers as unfit for fervice, no pay to be iflued till others are appointed; nor any payment made to fuch as are difcharged by the commanding offi-

ao	Anno	vicefimo	Georgii	III. c. 14.	[1780.

The clerks tre	VI. And be it enaded, That the clerk of each regiment or

like wife to pay battalion of militia, out of the money hereby directed to be if-fums* allowed ^uc<^ an(* Pa^ t0 ^or defraying the contingent expences of for contingent each regiment or battalion, (hall, yearly and every year, pay expences; id. to the colonel or officer commanding fuch regiment or battalion one penny a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the hofpital expences of each refpeclive company of fuch regiment or battalion, during the time of the men’s being abfent from home upon account of their annual exercife; and fhall, from time to time, ifliie out and pay fuch fums of money as may be neceflary for the repair of arms, and the carriage and removal thereof, upon an order in writing figned by the colonel or officer commanding fuch regiment or battalion; and apply, difc

fir man for hofpital charges j and the fums neceflary for the repair of arms, and carriage thereof. Refidue to be

applied for the pofe of, and pay, the refidue of fuch money, for the general ufe benefit of the an(j bencfh 0f each fuch refpedtive regiment or battalion, in fuch

regiment, &c. as the field officers and captains (hall direct. Account of the faid fame

manner as the field officers and captains thereof, or the greater part of them, lhall dire#; and (hall, yearly and every year, make up an account of all fuch money, and the expenditure thereof, and deliver the fame to the colonel or officer commanding fuch

_____________ regiment	or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and fign-

to be made up ed; which account fo allowed and figned fhall be, and it is hereby yearly, &c. directed to be, the proper voucher and acquittal of fuch clerk, for the application and difpofal of fuch money.

Money allow- VII. And be it ena#ed. That the money hereby dire#ed to ed for contin- be iflued for the contingent expences of each independant com-onndeoen-** Pany	AwH be, *n 1'ke manner, applied to the particu-

dant compa- l*r u^e °f foch refpe#ive independant company by the captain nie* to be ap- thereof; and (hall, yearly and every year, be in like manner ac-plitrd and ac- counted for tQ the receiver general of the land-tax of the countv

tbeca 1taint** orP^acc to which fuch independant company fhall belong; whole je cap ai . aj]owancc 0f fuch account (haih ;n i^c manner, be the proper

voucher for the expenditure and difpofition thereof.

VIII.	And be it enaded. That the faid regimental or bata-lion clerk may and fhall retain to his own ufe, out of the money fo by him received, fuch further fums, as fhall complete the allowance herein-before made for his falary.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That whenever his Majefty’s lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, or place, (hall have fixed the days of exercife for the militia, he or they fhall, as foon as may be, certify the fame to the receiver-general of fuch county, riding, or place, fpecifying the number of men, and the number of days fuch men are to be abfent from home on account of fuch exercife ; and fuch receiver-general is hereby required, within fourteen days after the receipt of fuch certificate, to ifTue and pay to the clerk of the feveral regiments or battalions, at the rate of feven (hillings and fixpence per day for the captain of each company, and at the

fhall be*abfent rate t^rec (hillings and fixpence per day for each lieutenant,

from home, and of three (hillings per day for each enfign; and alfo at the

Receiver ge- rate of one (hilling per day for each private militia-man, with

neral to iffue the addition of fixpence per day for each corporal of the militia, thereupon pay	*	*	4	^

Clerk to retain money in his hands for his own (alary.

When the Id. lieut. or deputies fhall have fixed the days of exercife,

they are to certify the fame to the receiver general, fpecifying the number of men,

Digitized by Google

County of To ca(h received of the regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver general (oj the cafi/bati b*) for day* pay of men

forrai

1780.] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 14J	a	t

lb to be called out to exercife, for the number of days fuch offi- for officer* and cers and men (hall be abfent from home on account of fuch ex- mc? to tb? crcife; and in fuch counties where there (hall be independant companies only, the receiver-general of each fuch refpedlive where there county lhall inue and pay to the captains of the independafit (ball be indecompanies at the rate of feven (hillings and fixpence per day for pendant com-each captain, three (hi)lings and fixpence per day for each lieu- recSer tenant, and three (hillings per day for each enfign ; and alfo at general is to the rate one (hilling ptr day for each private militia-man, with iffae pay to the the addition of fixpence per day for each corporal of the militia, captains, &c. fo to be called out to exercife, for the number of days fuch offi- Jhe°rate here cers and men (hall be abfent from home on account of fuch ex- fet down, ercife; and the faid regimental or battalion clerks are hereby re- Clerks to pay quired forthwith to pay to each captain of the faid regiments or over the mo-battalions the proportion of pay belonging to each captain, and likewife the pay belonging to their refpeftive companies.	tains.

X.	And be it further enabled, That the captain of each com- Captain* to pany (hall makeup an account of all monies received and paid by make UP thchr him on account of fuch exercife, according to the following form: *^dSng to the

following

Dr.	Per Contra,	Cr.

By my pay as captain Paid lieutenant Paid eniign

Paid militia men days

Paid additional pay to

corporal* days J	to be (igned

by them, and

Which account (hall be figned by the faid captain, and coun-terfigned by the commanding officer; and fuch captain (hall, manding offi-within ten days after the time fuch exercife is finiftied, deliver cer, fuch account, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the and delivered, regimental or battalion clerk; or, if captain of an independant to the company, to the receiver general: and fuch accounts (hall be clerk,' or reallowed as fufficient vouchers in the patfing of the accounts of ceiver general, fuch receiver general, by the proper auditor of his Maiefty’s Accounts ai-court of exchequer.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enafled, That where any re- Dur.n t^r * gitnent, battalion, or independant company of militia, is or fhall time^he * be embodied, or called out into actual fervice, apd thereby the troops are officers and private militia-men are or (hall be intitted to the embodied,and feme pay as the officers and private men in his Majefty’s other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or receivers- and^ece^ve1 ’

Sneral of the land-tax for the county, riding, or place, to* which nay as the ch regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia King’s other lhall belong, whether to the adjutants, ferjeants, private militia- a^allowance men, or others, and all money allowed as aforefaid for the con- te"™-tingent expences of fuch regiment, battalion, or independant ceiver* gene-company of militia, and alfo the allowance to the clerk of fuch ralis coceaic* regiment or battalion, (hall, during fuch time of actual fer- f vice, and until fuch regiment, battalion, or independant com-

C 3	pany.

1

Digitized by

Google

Receivers general to pay the allowances to clerks of the general meetings, and to the clerks of the fnbdiviiion meetings, upon producing orders fromthe lieutenant or deputy lieutenants j which order to be a dif-charge to receivers general.

Regimental and battalion clerk to give fecurity tor paying And accounting for the monies received by them;

the bonds to be lodged with the receivers general, and put in fuit by them on nonperformance of the conditions ;

and they are Intitled thereupon to full cods and charges; and 51, per cent, of the mo.ney recovered ; the refidue to be accounted for to the auditor.

The regimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independant companies, are to deliver in accounts of their receipts and diiburfements*

Anno vicefimo GeoRGH III. c. 14.	{1780.'

a, (hall be difembodied, and return home, ceafe, and not be

XII.	And be it enadled. That the (aid receiver or receivers of the land-tax (hall pay to the clerk of the general meetings his allowance, at the rate of five pounds and five (hillings for each meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for that pur-pofe from his Majefty’s lieutenant, or from three deputy lieutenants, aflembled at fome general meeting or meetings; and (hall alfo pay to each and every of the clerks or the fubdivifion meetings their feveral allowances, at the rate of one pound and one (hilling for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders from one or more deputy-lieutenant or deputy-lieutenants, aflembled in the feveral fubdivifion meetings; which faid order or orders (hall be to the faid receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax a fuflicient difcharge for the payment of fiuch allowances, and be allowed in his or their account.

XIII.	Provided always* and be it enadled, That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia (hall give fecurity to the receiver or receivers general of the land-tax of the county, riding, or place, to which fuch regiment or battalion (hall belong, by a bond to his Majefty in the penalty of one half of the fum required for the whole year’s charge of the regiment or battalion of militia to which fuch clerk lhall belong, for duly anfwering and paying fuch fums as he (hall,'from time to time, have received, and for duly accounting for the fame, and for performance of the fruft hereby in him repofed; which faid bond (hall be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers general of the land-tax for the refpe&ive county, riding, or place, who, in cafe the faid regimental or battalion clerk (hall not duly perform the conditions comprifed in the faid bond, (hall, and is’hereby required forthwith to put the faid bond in fuit, in the name of His Majefty, his heirs and fucceflorsi the full cofts and charges of which fuit, in cafe judgement (hall be given againft fucb regimental or battalion clerk, (hall be paid by him to the faid receiver or receivers general of the land-tax, who (hall iikewife bje intitled to, and receive to his or their own ufe, at the rate of five pounds per ctntum out of all fuch monies as (hall be by him or them recovered thereon; and (hall account for the refidue thereof with the proper auditor of his Majefty’s revenue; the faid receiver or receivers general of the land-tax charging him-felf or themfelves therewith, upon the next-account of the land-tax to be by him or them pa (fed.

XIV.	And be it ena&ed. That the clerk of every regiment or battalion of militia, and the captain of every independant company of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the part of Great Britain aforefaid, (hall, between the twenty-fifth day of March, and the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufana feven hundred and eighty, .deliver to the receiver or receivers general of the land-tax of the county, riding, or place, to which luch regiment, battalion, or independant company (hall belong, a fair account, in writing, of all monies by him received

and

Digitized by LiOOQle

Aono vicefimo Georgii HI. c. 14.	23

and dHborfed for the fervice of the preceding year, in purfqanco of this a&, with proper vouchers for the fame; and (hall pay back to the faid receiver or receivers general of the land-tak any furplus of fuch monies that (hall then he in his haiylis; which faid accounts, figned by fuch regimental or battalion clerk, or by fuch captain of an independant company refpedively, (hall be tranfmitted, by the faid receiver or receivers general of the land-tax, into the office of the proper auditor of his Majefty’s revenue.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That all penalties, Coft«,&e. all cofts and charges of fnit, and all fums of money for which whereto be any perfon or perfons is or are by this a# made anfwerable, recovered, may and (hall be recovered in any of his Majefty*s courts of record at fVefiminfier, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein ho effoin, wager at law, or protection, or more

than one imparlance fhall be allowed.	No fee pay-

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That no fee or able for any gratuity whatfoever fhall be given or paid for or upon account warrantor

of any warrant or fum of money which (hall be iflued in relation [^din^ur-^ to, or in purfuance of, this ad.	fuance of this

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That any perfon a d.

being on half-pay, or being intitled to any allowance, as having officers on feryed in ^ny or either of the two troops of horfe guards, or re- half-pay ferv-giment of hcHrte reduced, and ferving in the militia, mall and may, ing in the and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the fubfiftence-	may

money by this ad directed to be paid to captains, lieutenants or fab^enc/-enfigns; and the receiving and taking fuch fubfiftence-money money payable by any fuel* captain, lieutenant, or enfign, (hall not be deemed to captain*,

a receiving or taking pay, fo as in any manner to prevent fuch lieutenant*, or perfon on hstlf-pav, or being intitled to any fuch allowance, from they taking receiving^his half-pay,or fuch allowance; and fuch perfi^n (hall the following take the following oath before fome juftice pf the peace, who is oath before a hereby impowered to adminifter the lame.	jufticc.

I A. B. do /wear, That 1 had not, between the	The	oath,

any place or employment of profit > civil or military, under bis MfljeJly, befides my allowance of half -pay, qs a reduced	in	late regiment of

[or allowance as	in	late	troop

of horfe guards, or.	/	regiment	of	horfe reduced,J

ptve and except my fubfjfiepce as a cqptain? lieutenant, or enfign, (as the cafe may be,; for Jerving ifi the militia of the county of

And the taking the faid oath (hall be fufficient to intitle fuch perfon to receive his half-pay, or the faid allowance, without taking any other paty ; any law, ufage, pr cuft.om, to the contrary therepf.uotvyijthftauding.

XVIII.	And be it, further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Receiver ge* That the receiver general of the land tax1, fo foon as he (lull re- neraj.upoa ccive a warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding ^rantffroTn pfiker of their ye(pe&iiye regimerUs^QCbattalions, certifying the ^^ommTndi

vC 4	receipt	ing officer.

Digitized by

Google

94	Anno	vicefimo	Georgii III. c. 15,16.	[1780.

•ertifying the receipt of the cloathing, and an order from the faid colonel or receipt ot the commanding officer for the money due on account of the fame, payable to the perfon or perfons who fumiftied the laid doath-paymenr, is to mg, (hall pay the fum mentioned in fuch order to the perfon inpay the fame titled to receive the fame; and fuch warrant and order, together accordingly, vvith the receipt of the perfon receiving the faid money, (hall be a fufficient difeharge to fuch receiver general.

If any regi-	XIX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

ment. Sec. That in cafe any regiment, battalion, or independant company, (hall ceafe, 31. (hall ceafe and determine, during the continuance of this ad, ET ^idto*the ^um t*irce (hillings per diem (hall be paid to fuch perfon adjutant from as has adually ferved as adjutant to fuch regiment, battalioo, filch time to or independant company, from the time fuch regiment, batta-March 15, lion, or independant company, (hall ceafe, to the twenty-fifth *7%lm	day	of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one.

C A P. XV.

An ad for repealing fo much of an ad, made in the twelfth year of hit prefent Majcfty, intituled, An ail for amending and rendering more effectual an a8% made in the tenth year of bis Maje/lfs reign, intituled, An ad for building a new parito church, and declaring the prefent parito church a chapel: for making a coemetery, or churchyard; and for building an houfe for the ufe of the minifter of the panto of Saint Mary-le bone, in the county of Middlefexi as impowers the veftrymen of the faid pa-ri(h to boild a church upon a certain parcel of ground, in the (aid panto, belonging to Henry William Portman, Efquire, heretofore parcel of a certain dofe, called The Fifteen Acres.

CAP. XVI.

An ad for railing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for cftablitoing a lottery.

Preamble. yt,000,000]. to be raifed by annuities, and 4X0,0001. by a lottery. Contributors to the fum of is,ooo,oool. to be intitled to certain annuities; which (hall be charged upon a fund to be eftablitoed this fe toon,? and collaterally upon the finking fund. Contributors (hall be intitled to one quarter's annuity at 4 per cent, from Jan. 5, to Apr.5, 1780; and from that time (hall be paid half yearly. Every contributor of 10001, (hall, upon payment of 40I. more, be intitled to four lottery tickets. Preamble; reciting that books have been opened at the bank, and depofits made, purfuant to a refo lift ion of the houfe of commons. All perfons who have made depofits, purfuant to the aforefaid refolution, are required to pay the remainder of their fubferiptions at certain times fpecified. Subfcribers to the annuities to be allowed intereft for all monies paid in advance. Subfcribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their fubferiptions, (hall receive tickets to the amount thereof. Subfcribers to the 1 a,000,0001. intitled to an annuity of 4I. per cent; and alfo to an annuity of 11. 16 s. jd. for 80 years; both payable half-yearly. All contributors who (hall pay in the whole of their contribution money before June 30,1780, may receive the half year's annuity due July 5, 1780, on the annuity of 1 )• 16 s. 3d. otherwise they (hall not receive the faid annuity until Jan. 1781. Annuities to be payable and transferable at the bank of England, Sec. Catoier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received 9 which (hall be atognable. Catoier to give fecurity, to the good liking of the commitooners of the treafury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commitooners of the treafury impowered to apply the money paid in by the catoier. A book to be provided in the accountant-generals office, in which contributors names (hall be entered, Sec. After contributors (hall have paid their fubferiptions, they will be intitled to receive the annuities granted by this aft; which (hall be tax-free. Subfcriptions

0	paid

Digitized by (^.ooQle

1780.] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 16.

paid in fart, and not completed, (hall be forfeited to the publick. At loon ai contriboton have completed their payments, the fume fubfcribed fell, in the books of the bank, be placed to their credit. Accountant-general, on payment of 451. per ant. of their contributions, before June *!> 1780* to give credit to the contributors for the annuity of il. 16s. 3d. which Hull be transferable. Certain rates appropriated for payment of the annuities granted by this a&. Governor, &c. of the bank to appoint a chiefcafhier, and accountant general. Monies to be iffued at the excbe* qner to the chief cafhier, for payment of annuities created by this a6t. Accountant-general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be drtmed pcrfonal eftate. Books to be kept by the accountant-general, wherein fell be entered^dl transfers of funs advanced on this act. Method of transferring. The annuities of 11.16s. 3d. p*r ant. Ur ami. fhall be a fepa-rate flock until Jan. 5, 1781? after which they fhall be made a joint flock with the long annuities of 1 and 2 Geo. 3. Perfons poflefTed of flock may derife the fame by will, Scc. Commiffioners of the treafury impowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this aft. The 4percent, annuities granted by this aa, fhall be added to the joint flock of 4per ant. transferable at the bank by adt 17 Geo. 3. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 480,0001. to bp railed by a lottery ? the prizes whereof to be paid out of any fupplies granted this feflion. Guardians, having the diipofal of infants money, may contribute to the loan. See. Managers and dire&ors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, ana deliver them to the causers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to mom the books, with the undifpofed tickets, with an account of monies paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or Aik $ and cm oft indent wife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 48,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 5001. to each firft drawn ticket of the fifft fix days, and i,oooL to ditto the fecond fix days? s,oool. to ditto the 15th and 17th days; 1,0001. to ditto the 18th and xoth days? and 1000I. to the lift drawn. Tickets of the* laft-mentioned books to be rolled up and tied. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 16,1780. Method to be obferved in drawing, &c« Number of the fortunate tickets, and the Aims to be printed, Difputes to be adjufted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, &c. Felony. Offenders, (not in prifon,) difeovering perfons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50I. reward. Provifo. Managers to be iworn. The oath. Cafhier may receive the Aims Aibfcribed, before receiving the lottery book, giving a note for the fame ? which (hall intitle the bearer to a ticket for every 101. fo paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depofits with refpect to toe lottery? and the tickets for fuch Aims to be delivered into the exchequer. Commiffioners of the treafury may reward the managers, See. as they (hall think fit. Limitation of the fale of changes, &c. Penalty. Office-keepers. &c. felling (hares in tickets of which they are not poftefied, forfeit 5001, and fhffer 3 months imprifonment. After April 5, 17S0, no perfon to Veep a lottery-office without a licence. Each licence to colt 50 h and fhall be granted under the hands and feals of two managers. Licence to fet ' forth the name of the Perfon taking out the fame, Sc. and to continue in force for one year. Perfons keeping any office contrary to this aft, to forfeit 1001. Produce of the duty on licences to be applied towards defraying the expences of the lottery. No perfon to fell any (bare of a ticket Ids than a fixteenth, on penalty of 501. Penalty on perfons promifing to pay any money upon any chance relating to the drawing of the lottery, contrary to this aft. No bufmefs to be tranfa&ed at any lottery-office between eight in the evening and eight the next morning. Exception. Two jottices may fummon offenders againft this a£t, and, on proof of the offence, convict them in penalties. Scc. If penalties are not immediately paid, they may be levied by diftrefs* On failure of dittrefs, offender to be

*5

com-

Digitized by



Preamble.

After Jan. i, 1781, no per-fon to vote at any county eleftion in England or Wales, who has not been aflfefied to the land tax for his qualifica-tion fix months previous to the time of election.

Anno vioefimo Geq&gxi III. c. 17.	[1780.

committed. Any perfon forging a licence, (hall forfeit 500I. See. Com-miflioners of the treafury to eltablifli an ofice fn London, and to appoint .a perfon to conduft the bufinefs thereof; with whom all tickets, before they are divided into (hares or chances, ffiall be depofited. AH (hares to tfe ftamped by the officer, who (hall give a receipt for every ticket depofited with him. Form of receipt. All tickets depofited in the office, to remain there three days after drawing. The numbers of all tickets depofited in the office to be entered in a book, with the names of the owners, and the number of (hares into which they are divided. *d. for each (hare to be paid to the officer on depofiting tickets in the office; who (hall therewith pay all expences incident to the office. Penalty on felling any (bare or chance of a ticket without a (bmp. Application thereof*. Penalty on forging or altering receipts, or uttering the fame with a fraudulent intention. No perfon Stall keep apy office for the fale of tickets, See. in Oxford or Cambridge, on penalty of ioH. Offenders may be profecuted in the vice chancellor’s court. Forfeitures may be levied by diftrefs, Sec. Proceeding not to be removed by Certiorari, until fufficient furety js given to prolccute the fame with effeft, Sec. This aft not to prejudice thr privileges and jurlfdiftions of the mavor, Sec. of Oxford. Offences Committed in Ireland qgainft Britifh afts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made pmiithable : Penalties may be fued for in Dublin. The 480,000!. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, ta be charged on any Supplies granted this feffion; and (hall be paid to the proprietors, without any de-duftioq* on Mprch 1, 1781, Sec. Managers to give notice of ,tbe times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, Sec. and (jgned, &rc. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution-monies, or for any receipts, See. on penalty of zoj. General iffue. Treble cofts.

C A P. XVII.

Art aft to remove certain difficulties relative to voters at court*}

elections.

WHEREAS the feveral laws now in being for afcerUnning the rights of perfon s claiming to vote in the elections of knights of the /hire to ferve in parliament, for that part of Great Britain called England, are difficult to be carried into execution, and great delays and inconveniences have been occaftoned by the numberkfs dif putes which have arifen at county elections concerning fuch rights : for remedy whereof, -be it enatfted by the King’s mpft excellent n^a-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That, frotp and after the firft day of January> one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, no perfon (hall vote for electing of any knight or knights of the (hire to ferve in parliament, within that part of Great Britain called England, or the principality of Wales, in refpe6t of any mefluages, lands, or tenements, which have not for ux calendar months next before fuch election, been charged or afleffed towards fome aid granted or to be granted to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflfors, by a land tax, (in cafe any fuch aid be then granted and affeflable), in the name of the perfon or peribns who (hall claim to vote at fuch elc&ion for or. in refpeft of any fuch mefiuages, lands, or tenements, or in the name of his or their tenant or tenants a&ually occupying the fame as tenant or tenants of the owner cr landlord thereofT u

Digitized by LjOOQle

II. Pro-

17S0.J Anifo vicelimo GeorgTi III. C. 17.

II.	Provided always, That this a<51, with rfcfpeft to fuch rating and aflefling as aforefaid, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to annuities or fee-farm rents (duly regiftered)1ffuing out of any mefluages, lands, or tenements, rated or aflefled as aforefaid; nor (hall the fame extend, or be conftrued to CxtehcJ> to any perlon wliio became imitled to fuch mefliiagefs, lands, o)r tenements, for which he (hall vote, or claim to vote, as aifore-iaid, by defeent, marriage, marriage fettlement, devife, or promotion to any beoefke in a church, or by promotion to an office, within twelve calendar months next before fuch election; but fiich per Ton (ball be intitled to vote at fuch-election, if the meffuages, lands, pr tenements, for which he fhall vote, or claim to vote, as aforefaid, have been, within two years pekt before fuch ele&ion, ja'ted or afleflld to the land tax, in name of the perfon br perfoins-by or through whom.fuch perfon voting; or claiming to vote, as aforefaid, fhall derive hi$ title to <h£ nief-fuages, lands, or tenements, for which he fhall vote, or claim to vote, as aforefaid, ot in the naiqe ofibme predeceflbr, wjthin fwo years next before fuch ele&ican, of fuch perfon Claiming to vote m refpeft of any pronjotioh to any benefice in 3 church, or promotion to an office, or in the name pf the tenant or tenants of fuchperfon or perfbns, fuch tenant or tenants actually occupying luch meflua^es, lands, or tenements.

III.	And be it further enacted, That (he commiflioners of the land-tax for that part of Great Britain called England, or the principality of tVales^ at their refpeftive meetings held for appointing afleflors of the land-tax for the feveral parifhes and places lying within the divifion for which fuch commiflioners (hall ad, fhall caufe to be delivered to each of the faid afleflors, a printed form of an afieflment, as fet forth in the fchedule hereunto annexed; and the faid afleflors are hereby required to make their aflefTments according to the faid form; and fhall make three duplicates of fuch aflefTments; and fhall (at lead fourteen days before fuch afleflment fhall be delivered to the commiflioners of the fond-tax for the county, riding, or divifion, within which the parifh or place for which fuch afleflment fhall be made (hall lie)xaufe one of the faid duplicates, or a fair copy thereof, to be flack up upon one of the doors of the church or chapel of the parifh or place for which fuch afTeflment fhall be made; but in cafe fuch afleflment fhall be made for an extra-parochial or any other place, where there is not any church or chapel, then fuch afleflment fhall be ftuck up upon one of the doors of the church or chapel in a parifh next adjoining; and if any perfon or peffons (renting, holding, or occupying, anv meftages, lands, or tenements, in any fuch parifh or place) fhafl neot, hold, or occupy, mefluages, lands, or tenements, belong-mgto different owners or proprietors, the fame (hall be fcparate-)y anddlftindlly rated and aflefled in fuch aflefTments, that the proportion of the land-tax to be paid by each feparate owner or proprietor rtfpeftively may be known and afeertained; and the faid duplicates* (hail be delivered to the land-tax lommiffioher*;

at

*7

Certain cafe* to which this aft fhall not extend \

provided bis qualifrchtion has'bv^n af-fefled to the J land tax, in the name of , his predeceflor within two ywtrt/bttofft '

CommflKonert of the land-tax to deliver to afleflors a printed form of an afleff-ment, who art to make their aflefTments according thereto.

A duplicate of afleflments to be ftuck up on

the door ol parifh churchy

/	.	i

Digitized by

Google

a8	Anno	vicefimo	Georgii	III.	c.	17;	[1780!

Qualified per- at their meeting for the receipt of afleffinents; and if the name font, whole cf any owner or owners of any mefluages, lands, or tenements, “SR	in fuch pari(h or place, intitled to vote as aforefaid, (hall not ap-

afleffinents,	pear or be included in fuch alTeiTment, it (hall and may be law-

nay appeal to fill for fuch perfou or perfons, by himfelf or themfelves, or by sr Jhis or their agent or agents, to appeal to the commiffioners of the land-tax, to whom fuen afleffments (hall be returned ; and

the cornmif-fionert;

who are to amend the afleffinents where defective.

An amended duplicate to be returned to the afleflors, and delivered to the clerk of the peace at the next quarter feffions.

every perfon fo intending to appeal (hall, and is hereby required to give notice thereof in writing to one or more of the afleflors of the pari(h or place wherein he is rated; and the faid com-miffioners, on fufficient caufi? to be (hewn, (hall amend the duplicates of fuch afleffinents, by inferting therein the name or names of the adtual occupier or occupiers, and of the owner or owners of fuch mefluages, lands, or tenements, or the perfon or perfons entitled to, or in adtual receipt of the rents, iffiies, and profits thereof, or by erafing the name of any perfon who (hall appear to them to have been improperly inferred therein; and the (aid commiffioners are hereby required to caufe one of the faid duplicates fo amended (after the fame (hall be duly figned and fealed by the faid commiffioners, or any three of them) to be returned to the faid afleflors, or one of them; and fuch af-feflors are hereby required to deliver fuch duplicate, fo amended, within ten days after the receipt thereof, to one of the chief con-ftables of the hundred, lath, or wapentake, within which the pari(h or place for which fuch afleffment was made (hall lie, taking the receipt of fuch chief conftable for the fame, and which receipt fuch chief conftable is hereby required to give; and fuch chief conftable is hereby alfo required to deliver fuch duplicate upon oath, (which oath the faid magiftrates are hereby iropower-ed to adminifter), without any alteration, at the next general quarter feffions of the peace for the county, riding, or divifion, within which fuch afleflment (hall be made, in open court, the firft day of fuch feffions, to the clerk of the peace attending fuch feffions, to be by him filed and kept amongft the records of the feffions.

Penalty on IV. And be it further enabled. That, if any afleflor (hall ne-afleflor, &c. glcdt to deliver fuch duplicate fo amended, to fuch chief confta-wh°ihallalter, b|Cj as aforefaid, or if fuch chief conftable, to whom the fame deHvir anydu- ^all ** delivered, (hall neglecft to deliver the fame to fuch clerk plicate as* of the peace, at the next general quarter feffions of the peace abovedire&ed. as aforefaid, or (hall wilfully alter or deface any fuch duplicate;

every fuch afleflor and chief conftable fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, and for every fuch duplicate fo negledted to be delivered as aforefaid, forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be levied and recovered in the manner herein-after mentioned.

If derk of the	V. And be it further enadted, That at the Michaelmas feffions

^ in every year, the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, attending dup^tesbc- fuch feffions, in every county, riding, or divifion, as aforefaid, fore the end of (hall before the conclufion of fuch feffions, examine whether the Michaelmas duplicates of all the afleffments within fuch county, riding, or feffions year* divifion, (hall have been delivered for that year; and if it (hall

appear

Digitized by Google

1780.] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 17^	29

appear that any fuch duplicates have not been received by or jy, the court delivered to fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, by the pro-per chief conftables, then and in fuch cafe fuch clerk of the peace, *h5eyf or his deputy, (hall report the fame to the court, and the court ble's making (hall immediately fet and impofe the faid fine or fines of five default, pounds upon fuch chief conftables, for the hundred, lath, or wapentake, within which the parifli or place for which fuch duplicate or duplicates of the afleflinent or afleflments not returned (hall lie; and the faid clerk of the peace, or his deputy, (hall give to fuch chief conftables immediate notice of fuch fine or fines; and if the fame is or are not immediately paid, theju- On failure of fticcs aflembled in the faid quarter feflions (hall, by order of the payment, fines court, iflue a warrant of diftrefs for the recovery thereof, directed to the conftable or conftables of the refpeftive parifhes or places y where fuch chief conftables (hall live; and fuch warrant (hall be delivered or tranfmitted by the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, to fuch conftables, or one of them, who is and are hereby required to levy fuch fine or fines, by diftrefs and faleof the goods and chattels of fuch chief conftables, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owners of fuch goods and chattels, after deducting the reafonable charges of fuch diftrefs.

VI.	Provided always. That if fuch chief conftables (hall vo- In cafe chief lunrarHy make oath at fuch feflions, that fuch duplicate or du- conftables pKcates was or were not delivered to them, or either of them,

by fuch afleflor or afleflors, then, and in fuch cafe, the (aid fine neg1eaed°to or fines, herein-before directed, (hall be fet and impofed upon deliver (aid fuch afleflor or afleflors of the parifli or place, pari(hes or places, duplicates to for which fuch duplicate or duplicates (hall not be returned; them» 1 and the juftices aflembled in fuch quarter feflioas (hall, by or-dc^ of court, iflue a warrant of diftrefs for the recovery thereof, dire&ed to the conftable or conftables of fuch pari(h or place, or refpeAive parifhes or places, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as fuch juftices (hall think proper; and alfo (hall, by order of court, require thfc chief conftables, or one of them, to give notice to fuch afleflor or afleflors, that fuch fines have been fet and impofed; and fuch chief conftables are hereby required to ferve fuch notices upon fuch afleflors within fourteen days next after fijeh feflions; and if fuch afleflors, or one of them, (hall not de- then the fines Ever fuch duplicate, or \he chief conftable’s receipt for the fame, (hall be levied to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, for fuch county, riding, °j* fald or divifion, within ten days after being ferved with fuch notice, Jpt J^e/deK-then and in fuch cafe the faid clerk of the peace, or his deputy, ver thedu-Ihall deliver or tranfmit fuch warrant of diftrefs againft the af- plicatcs, &c. £&>r, to the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be di- "^thi" ten reded, who is hereby required to levy the faid fine fet upon fuch afleflor, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch af-feflor or afleflors, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or (hfhiers, after deducting the reafonable charees of fuch diftrefs.

VII.	Provided always. That if fuch afleflors, or either of But if afleflor*,

them, (hall, within the faid ten days after fuch notice, produce within fawi__

to the laid clerk of the peace, or ms deputy, the receipt of fuch mth*"*"

chief derk of the

Digitized by L^ooQle

Anna vicefimo Gegrgu III, C. 17*	[1780.

peace the chief chief c&nftables, or one of them, for fuch duplicate, then and in con&abfoi re- fuch cafc clerk Qf thc peace< 0r his deputy, (hall deliver or thfe^fine (hall ttanftnit the warrants againft fuch chief conftables* or fueh of be, levied pn them who (hall have figned fuch receipt, to the proper conftable fafciconftabks. or con (la bios to whom the fame (hall be directed, that the fame may be executed as aforefaid, and the warrant or warrants for levying the fine or fines upon fuch afleflbr or afleflors (hall not be executed.

Fines to be VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore&id, paid to the That the fines to be fet and impofed ujxm fuch chief conftable* trsafurerof and a(Te(Tors as aforefaid, (hall, after the fame (hall be fo levied the couuty,&c. and recovered, be, by the perfon or perfons who (hall levy and recover the Came, paid to the treafurer of the county, riding, or divifion, wherein the fame (hall be levied or recovered, or the lawful deputy of fuch treafurer, to be applied and difpofed of as part of the county (lock, under the direction of the feflions of luch county, riding, or divifion.

When aflelT- IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any afieflinent maA* *rjnrot ihah not have been madc by the afleflbr or afleffors of any pa-tumedTo the r|fh or P^ce, and returned to the chief conftable, and by the clerk of the chief conftable to the clerk of the peace, by the negledi or depeace, juftices fault of any perfon concerned therein, it (hall and may be law-may order fuj for the f^id juftices at the faid quarter feflions, or any two ju-inade and^e- ^'ces ^or C(^uuty> riding, or divifion, out of feflions, to order turned forth- and direcSl fuch affeffment or affeffments forthwith to be made with.	and returned in manner aforefaid; and fuch affeflinents, fo made

and returned, (hall have the fame and the like effect as if made ' and returned at the time and in the manner herein-before directed.

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feflions $

giving ten days notice.

Juftices may award cods.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or perfons (hall be diffatiafied, or (hall think himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any determination of the faid commiflioners of the land-tax, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons to appeal agaiod fuch determination to the general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, riding, or divifion, within which fuch commiflioners (hall act, which (hall happen next after the caufe of complaint (hall have arifen, giving ten days’ notice of fuch appeal to one of the commiflioners figning the duplicate of the faid affeffment, and alfo to one of the afleffors of the parifti or place where the eftate belonging to the perfon or perfons who (hall think himfelf or themfelves aggrieved (hall lie; and the juftices affembled in fuch feflions are hereby authorifed and re* quired, by examination upon oath, (which oath the faid juftices are hereby authorifed to adminifter), to hear and determine the matter of fuch appeal, and to amend fuch afleffments where they (hall think neceffary $ and alfo to award fuch cofts as to them in their diferetion (hall feem reafonable; and by their order or warrant to levy the cofts which (hall be fo awarded, by diftrefe and fale of the goods and chattels of the perfon or perfons againft whom the faxpe (hall be fo awarded, rendering the overplus (if

Digitized by CjOOQle

1780.] Anna vicefiroo GeoRGH III. c. 17.

any) to the owner or owners, after deducting the realbnable charges of fuch diftrefs.

XL And be it farther ena&ed, That if the (aid commiftion- Anyperfaa9 ers, upon any appeal before them, and alfo the faid juftices in wh°k name# feffions upon any appeal before them, lhall find it requifite to ft” n appear to infert in fuch affeffments, or the duplicates thereof, the names have been im-of any perfon or perfons, which (hall appear to fuch commif- properly left Honere, or to fuch juftices, to have been improperly omitted, out of any fuch perfon or perfons (hall be taken *nd deemed to be rated in ^aCj, Adeemed fuch a/ieffment or affeffments, as effectually, to all intents and to have been putpofes, as if the name or names of fuch perfon or perfons had rated therein, been originally inferred in fuch affcffment by the affeffors.

XII.	And whereas difputes have arifen, whether the hujhands of women intitled to dower or thirds, at common lawy out of the ejiates of their former hufbandsy Jhall be intitled to vote in tie eleftion of members of parliament, unlefs dower has been afftgned and fit out, by

metes and bounds,for juih women; be it therefore further gaa&ed, Hufbaudiof That where any woman, the widow of any perfon tenant in fee womenintitWd or in tail, (ball be intitled to dower or thirds, by the common ^ law, out of the freehold eftate of which her hufband died feifed of their former or poffeffcd of, and (hall intermarry with a fecond hu(band, fuch hulbands, may fecond hufband (hall be intitled to vote in refpedt of fuch dower votein refpttt or thirds, if fuch dower or thirds (hall be of the clear yearly va-	the

lue of forty (hillings, or upwards, although the fame has not	d0wer hat

been affigned or fet out by metes or bounds, if fuch fecond huf- not been fet band (hall be in the adtual receipt of the profits of fuch dower, our by metet and the eftate from whence the fame iffues is rated to, and con- orbounds tributes to the land-tax in the name of the actual owner of the lands or tenements from whence fuch dower or thirds arifes or iffues.

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Duplicate# That it (hall and may be lawful for all and every perfon or may be in-perfons, at all feafonable times, to refort to and infpeft the faid fpe«cd* duplicates, or any part thereof, in the hands of fuch clerk of the

peace, or his deputy, paying for every fearch into, or infpedtion of, fuch duplicates, or any part thereof, one (hilling, and no more ; and the faid clerk of the peace, or his deputy, is hereby Clerk of the required and directed, upon demand, to deliver a true copy or peace to deli-copies of all fuch duplicates, or of fuch part or parts of them, or v^# of ^ k°* any of them, of which a copy (hall be demanded, to any perfon cates°on dc-~ or perfons who (hall demand or defire the fame, (fuch copy or mand, copies to be figned by fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, purporting the fame to be a true copy or true copies), and for which copy or copies fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, (hall be	*

paid at and after the rate of fixpence, and no more, for every and being paid three hundred words or figures, and fo in proportion for any * lefler number of words or figures; which faid duplicates, and 3	*

alfo a true copy of them, or any of them, or any part of them, figned as aforefaid, and alfo the duplicate of any affeffment in the poffeflion of the commiflioners of the land-tax, or in the j>oflcflion of the receiver general of the county, or a copy of the

Digitized by LiOOQle

32	Anno vicefimo GeoROII III. d. 17:	[1780.*

Duplicates, laid duplicates, figned by fuch comtniffioners, and purporting f^c kmc to a truc coPy> ^all at ^ times, and in all places, aj|0WC(j anj admitted as legal evidence of fuch afleflinents, certificates, memorials, and books of entries, in all cafes what-foever; and fuch copy (hall be delivered in areafonable time after the fame (hall be demanded.

Cleric or the XIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefald, p;ace, or hi* That fuch clerk of the peace of every county, riding, or dividend a/every *i°n> *n who^c °®cc	duplicates (hall be filed as aforefaid, or

de&ion of his deputy, (hall, upon reafonable notice, attend at every elec-knight of the tion of a knight or knights of the (hire for fuch countv, with fhire, with	the faid original duplicates, at the requeft of any candidate,* or

original du- t^e agent or agents of any candidates; the perfon or perfons re-requeftof any quefting the lame making fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, candidate: 7 a fatisfa&ion for fuch attendance, at and after the rate of two fuch candi- guineas for each day of his attendance at fuch ele&ion, together date to pay vvith an allowance of one (hilling and (ixpence a mile for the foreach^day’s cofts a°d charges he may be at, or put unto, in his journey from attendance, the place of his abode to and from the place of fuch election, and is. 6d. per mile for travelling charges.

After i(Tiling any writ for election of a.

county member, the clerk of the peace (hall atteod gratis, from nine to three each day, where the records of the

county are ufuallv kept, to make copies of duplicates, &c.

Penalty on clerk of the peace, or his deputy, making default.

A&ion to be "brought within two months, &c«

XV.	And be it further enabled. That after ifluing any writ or precept for the ele&ion of a knight or knights of the (hire for any county withirf that part of Great Britain called England, or the dominion of Wales* the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, (hall, and he is hereby required to attend, gratis, from day to day, from the hour of nine in the forenoon to three in the afternoon, in each day, at the place where the records of fuch county, riding, or aivifion, are ufually kept, from the time of the delivery of fuch notice to the day immediately preceding the day of ele&ion of fuch knight or knights, for the purpofe of receiving applications for the infpe&ion of fuch duplicates, and for making copies of them, or any of them, or of fo much of them, or any of them, which he (hall be requefted to copy as aforefaid.

XVI,	And be it farther ena&ed, That if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, (hall negle& or refufe to permit fuch duplicates, or any of them, or any part of them, or any of them, to be infpe&ed by any perfon or perfons who (hall requeft the fame as aforefaid, or (hall negle& or refufe to deliver any copy or copies of the fame, or any part thereof, within the time before mentioned, or (hall negle& to attend as aforefaid, at the place where the records of fuch county, riding, or divifion, are ufually kept, or at any county ele&ion, with fuch duplicates, in purfuance of the dire&ions of this a&; every fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the (urn of five hundred pounds to the party aggrieved, provided fuch a&ion is brought within two months after the offence (hall have been committed ; and if no fuch a&ion (hall be brought within the faid time, then to any perfon who (hall fue for the fame in the manner herein-after mentioned; and (hall alfo forfeit his office of clerk of the peace, or deputy, the fame to be

ab-

X

Digitized by Google

33

1780.] Xnno.vicefirno Georgii IIL c. 17#

abfolutely void on fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, being cqnvkftea of fuch offence; and fuch clerk of the peace, or deputy clerk of the peace, (hall be rendered incapable of being again appointed a clerk of the peace, or deputy clerk of the peaces or of ailing as fuch, in and for any county, riding, or divifion, wbatfoever.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Final judge-That hM^iudgement upon any verdidt to be obtained againft mcnt UP™ fuch derk or the Peace, or deputy clerk of the peace, for the “ffi/derk recovery of fuch forfeiture, (hall be deemed and taken to be a 0?tbe peace, fofficient conviction of fuch offence, without any other profecu- lhaii bedeemed tion or, convi<5tion whatfoever; and immediately after fuch Sufficient con. judgement, the faid office of clerk of the peace, or deputy clerk T,^t,on•

of the peace, fhall be abfolutely void, to all intents and pur* pofes whatfoever.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Pen *!***• •'ow That the forfeitures or penalties laid or impofed againD: fuch tecov' clerk of the peace, or deputy clerk of the peace, by this a<ft,

fhall and may be recovered, with full cods of fuit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at	Wejlminjler, wherein no	effoin, protection, or wager

of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted and de- Profecutions dared, That no perfon (hall be liable to any forfeiture or pe- t0 b; c?m.',. oalty by this a (ft laid or impofed, unlefs profecution be com- ™*manths. ** raencea within twelve calendar months next after fufch forfeiture or penalty fhall be incurred.

FORM of ASSESSMENT.

Canty ofN ■> An ajfeffment made in	of par- Form of

to wit:	I	liament,	pajftd in the	year of his afleffmeot.

Fir tbo parijb of>	Majeftfs	reigntfor granting an aid to bis Main thefaid\	jefty by a land-tax, to be raifed in Great Bri-

emty.	J	tain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand fe-

ven hundred and

Names of proprietors. A. B.---------------

A.B.	-—

E. F.---------

C.D. ---------

I. K. 1

and >--------

L.M.3 .

P-%.

Names of occupiers.

Himfelf.

C.D. -----

C.D. ----------

G.H. -------

N.O. ------

Sums affefled.

Signed this

t Vo*. XXXIII.

day of	ll r.
	A.B.
	C. D.
D	

by us

CAP.

Digitized by LjOoq le

34	Anno	vicefimo Gkorgii III. c. iSi [i?8oj

CAP. XVIII.

An off to repeal fo much of an aQ made in the nineteenth year of the reign of Henry the Seventh* or of any other alts which prohibit the exporting, carryings or conveying* coin out of this realm into Ireland; and fo much of certain afls* made in Great Britain, whjcb prohibit the importation of foreign bops into Ireland, and which take off the drawback upon hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland ; and to allow the importation into* and exportation from* Ireland, of fitch goods as may be imported into*or exported from* Great Britain, by the merchants #/England, trading to the Levant feat.

Preamble. TI7 HERE AS it is expedient to repeal the feveral affs of par-yy liament her tin-after mentioned*fo far as the fame refrain the trade and commerce of Ireland; pnay it therefore pleafe your * Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent So much of parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar, any a&s, at from and after the paffing of this aft, fo much of an aft of prohibit the parliament made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King aoWcSefver ^Mry Seventh, (intituled. Coin*) and fo much of any other coin to Ire- aft or afts of parliament, made in Great Britain* which prohibit land, repealed, the exporting, carrying, or conveying, of coin of gold or filver out of this realm into Ireland* (hall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed and made void.

So much of II. And it is hereby further ehafted by the authority afore-9 Annas, c. i», faid, That, from and after the palling of this aft, fo much of an or other afts, aft Qf parliament, made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen theimporta- * (intituled. An alt for laying a duty upon bops;) and fo much tion 6t foreign of any other aft or afts of parliament, made in Great Britain* hops into which prohibit the importation of foreign hops into the kingdom Ireland; 0f Inland; amd alfo fo much of tbd (aid recked aft, and of an-and fo much other aft, made in the (ixth year of the reign of King Geerge the tbc	Firft, (intituled. An alt for toying a duty upon wrought plate; and

i,	c.Ti, which f°r. afPbinS money frifwg for the clear produce (by fale of the for-enafts that no felttd eftates) towards anfweting his Majefty*s /apply; and for taking drawback offm. the drawbacks Upon hops exportedfor Ireland; and for payment (hall be allow- of annuities* to be far chafed after the rate offour pounds per centum ported to* CX~	at the exchequer* redeemable by parliament; and for op-

Inland,	propria ting fupplies granted in this feffion ofparliament; andto pre-

venLcou^terjciting Receipts and warrants of the officers of the South repealed. Sea company {and for explaining a late a/t concerning foreign fair cellared and locked up before the four and twentieth dar of June, ent thqyfandfeven hundred ana nineteen; and td give a further time fci paying duties on certain apprentices indentures; and for relief sj Thomas Vernon efquire* in relation to a parcel of fenna import a in tho year one tboeifand feven hundred and fixteen ;) which enact, That no part of the duties (hall be repaid or drawft back foi any hope, (whether the fame be of foreign or Britijh growth, which (hall be exported or (hipped for exportation from Gua

Britan

Digitized by Google	I

i7&o.] Anno vicefifno GeoROII III. c. 19.	35

Britain for Ireland, (hall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed and made void.

III.	And whereas by an all of parliament, made In the twenty- ** Geo* fixtb year of the reign of his late mojejiy King Geofrge the Second, c* rtcl*®* fintituled, An aft for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant feas,) it is amon^l other things enafted, That every fubjeft of Great Britain, defiring admiflion into the company.of merchants of England trading into the Levant feas, commonly called, or known by the name of. The Turkey Company, (hall, upon requeft for that purpofe made in the manner by the faid aft directed, be admitted into the faid company; and that the roods permitted to be exported or imported by perfons made free of the faid company, (hall be exported from and imported into Great Britain only: and it is hereby further drafted by the Any good* authority aforefaid, That fuch good* as may lawfully be exported Txport^or from, or importedIttto, Great Britain, in Britijh ftlips, by any imported to or perfon or perfons free of the faid company, by virtue of the faid from Great recited aft, or any other aft made in thrs kingdom, (hall and an** may, in like manner, be exported from, or imported into, any port or place in the kingdom of Ireland, by any perfon admit- any’perfon ted, or to be admitted into, and made free of, the (aid cbmpany, fret of the in Britijh or Irijh (hips or veffels, legally navigated, on paying Turkey 00m-fuch impofitions or fums of money as (hall be affefied and Sorted oHm-charged on all goods, wares, or merchandize, to be exported ported to or and imported as aforefaid, or on any (hips laden with the fame, from Ireland for defraying the neceflary expences of the faid company; any *nd thc thing in the faid recited aft to the contrary notwithftanding. ca*'

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby Further enafted by the The oath to authority aforefaid. That the oath required by the faid recited b* taken on ad to be taken by perfons upon their admiflion to their free- fhefridcom-0 domain the faid company, (hall and may be taken before, arid panyf may've adminiftered by, two of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace in and adminiftered for the kingdom of Ireland.	irtUnd.

cap. xnc.

Jnaft to continue feveral laws relating to the better Jecuring the lawful trade of bis Majefifs fubjefts to and from the Eaft Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majefiy's fubjefts trading thither under foreign commiffions\ to the importing fait from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the permitting the free importation of raw goat fiins into this kingdom ; to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to bis Majejlfs fugar colonies in America 1 and to the permitting the exportation of Tobaccopipe clay from this kingdom to the fugar colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies.

XXIRE REAS the laws herein-after mentioned have by expo- preamble; ▼V rience been found ufeful and beneficial, and are nedr expiring; tffaf it therefore pleafe your Majejly that it may be enaCted \ and be it enaded by the Iwing’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the D 2	advice

36

further continued till March *5, j 800, &c.

Anno vlccfimo Georgii III. c. 19;	[17^0.

advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the 5 Geo. 1,0.19, authority of the fame. That an art, made in the fifth year of the relating to the rt\gn of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An

Eattlndies! for rtulvm& Qn ma^i in fifth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firji, intituled, An art for the better fecuring the lawful trade of his Majefty’s fubjerts to and from the * Eaft Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Maje-fty’s fubjerts trading thither under foreign commiffions; which was to continue in force from thefirftday of May, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-two, for the term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which was by two arts, made in the thirteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, further continued until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty; (ball be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament,

IL And be it further enarted by the authority aforefaid. That 4. Geo. 3,c. 19, an art, made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent for importing Majefty, for importing fait from Europe into the province of Que-falt from Eu- bec ln America, for a limited time, which was to continue in ropetoQucbec, force from t^c twcnty.fourth day of June> one thoufand feven hundred and lixty-four, for the term of one year, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament5 and which was by two arts, made m the fixth and thirteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, further continued until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth day of funey one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

15 Geo.i1C.35, HI. And be it further enarted by the authority aforefaid, to permit the’ That*an art, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefect imports- fent Majefty, to permit the free importation of raw goat fkins into this kingdom for a limited time, which was to continue in force from the twentieth day of June> one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fivc, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred June *0,1785, an(j eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next *c’	feffion of parliament.

80 much of 16 IV. And be it further enarted by the authority aforefaid. Geo. 3,0.37, as That fo much of an art, made in the fixteenth year of the reign relays to the of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An afl for allowing the expor-exportation of iat\on ff certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Ma-thefugar colo- fuiar ponies in America, and to the ifland of Saint Helena, tmd to the other fettlmcnts belonging to the united company of mer~ '	chants

further con* tinued till June See.

tion of raw goat (kins.

further continued until

Digitized by L^ooQle

1780.] Anno vtcefimo Georgii III. c. 20.

tbanls of England trading to the Eaft Jodies, and of biftu.it and feat to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chalcur, and Labrador ; and for indemnifying all	per font with to or

tarrying into execution his Majefty’s orders of touncil already made for	(mowingthe exportation of	wheat,	and other articles: as relates

to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other artides, to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in	,	which

was to continue in force until the firft day of January, one thousand Seven hundred and fcventy-feven; and which by three ads, made in the Seventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth years of She reign of his prelent Majefty, was continued until the firft day of May, one thoufand Seven hundred and eighty} (hall be, further cond-and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration ”“*d until thereof, until the firft day of May, one thoufand fcvcn hundred *• ljt,‘ and eighty-one.

V.	And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid, 80 much of That fo much of an ad, made in the feventeenth year of the *7 reign of his prefent Majefty,. intituled. An all for repealing the ,hg exportati-ileventh rule in the book of rates, ft far as the fame relates to the on of tobacco-making any allowance upon the importation of damaged currants and pipe clay to raijms, and for making the importer of fucb goods an abatement in the {o*;~5V c°* duties in lieu thereof, andfor explaining the rule with refpell to 10n * hub allowance for damage on other goods; and to permit the -tm1 of tobacco-pipe clayfrom this kingdom to the British fugar colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies, for a limited lime ; as permits the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the Britijb fugar colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies, which was to continue in force until the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and Seventy nine, and from thence to the end of the then next felConof parliament ; (hall be, and further conti-the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration there- ”une ^17*1, of, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand Seven ifcc. 7 ** hundred and eighty-three, and from thence to the end of the then next feSIion of parliament.

CAP. XX.

Ass off for the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Majefty s Jbips of war, and on board merchant , and other

trading Jbips and	vejjils.

FO R the better fupply of manners and feamen to ferve in his Preamble, Majefty'sJbips of war, and on board merchant Jbips, and other trading Jbips and vejels; be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords	«

Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament fingofthi»P*£t aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and till March 15, after the pafling of this ad, until the twenty-fifth day of March, i7*«, mer-one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, and no longer, f^P** (except in refped to fuch merchant (hips, and other trading j^gated by (hips or vefiels, which (hall be on their voyage before the faia three-fourths-twenty-fifth day of March,one thoufand feven hundred and foreign fea-

D 3	eighty-	men*

§2	Anno	yicefimo GboRGII III. c. ab* [i/flo.

righty-one, who (hall be* and are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home navigated in the manner as here-in-after is provided,) k (hall and may be lawful for any merchant (hip, or other trading Slip or vefiel, to be navigated by foreign Teamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his Majefty’s natural or naturalized fubje&s, To as the number of fuch foreign feamen or mariners do not exceed three-fourthe of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate fuch merchant (hip, or other trading (hip or veflel, and that one* fourth at leak of the mariners or feamen To employed, be nt nil times natives, or his Majefty’s naturalised fubje&s of Great ,	Britain,	(fudden death, and hazard and cafoalties of war, and

the Teas, faved and excepted*) one a£t.of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, {intituled, An aft for the encouraging and encreafing of Jhipping and navigation^) or any other ftatute or law, to the contrary notwithftanding.

This a&not to II. Provided always, That nothing in this a£t contained (hall retrain any extend to take away or retrain the effetft of any fuch royd niaHon toCbe proclamation, as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, are im-madepurfuant powered to make by virtue of an a&, paffed in the thirteenth to an ad 13 year of his late Majefty’s reign, (intituled An aft for the bitter fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Majefty9s Jbips of uwr, and on board merchant flips and other trading flips, and privateers.)

III.	And whereas doubts have arifen whether, according to the true intent and meaning of an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of bii late majejly King George the Second, (intituled, An a& for the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Majefty’s (hips of war, and on board merchant (hips and other trading (hips, and privateers,) any foreign mariner or ftaman% who Jbatt have fervedfor the time mentioned in the faid a&9 during the time of the prefent hoJHlitieSy on board any of his Majejly9s Jbips of wear, or any merchant or other trading flip or vejfely or privateer, (which at the time of fuch fervice belonged to any of his Majejly9s fubje&s y) flail, by virtue of the faid a&y be deemed to be a natural bornJubje& of his Majejly s kingdom of Great Britain; be it therefore ena&ed and declared. That the (aid a&, and every thing contained therein, is and has continued to be, and (hall be deemed and

during the late taken to be and have continued to be, in full force 5 and that prefent hofti- any f°rc'gn mariner or feaman, who at any time during the lad Htiei, (hall war, or during the prefent hoftilities, from and fince the twen-have faithfully ty-fifth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fenred on feven, (hall have faithfully ferved on board any fuch (hips or Brkifh^Ip for ve®^s f°r fpacc °ftwo years, (hall be deemed and taken to two year*, be a natural born fubjedl of his Majefty’s kingdom of Great (hall oedeemed Britain, and (hall have and enjoy all the privileges, rights, pow-f hf^ra,fborn ers* and capacities, which, by the faid in part recited a&s, are Great Britain. ljven anc* 8rantc^ t0 foreign feamen who ferved on board any * Britifl (hip for the like fpaceof time during the then war.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed. That any (hip or veflcl which

nee	\	(hall

Geo. s.

Recital of an a&i3Geo. a.

Any foreign feaman who,

Any (hip which, urn

Digitized by t^ooQle

1780.] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 21—23.

frail at any time hereafter, daring the prefent war, arrive, or which, at any time fince the twenty-firth day of March, one thoufand Seven hundred and feventy-nine, has arrived, in any of the ports of this realm, navigated according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, (hall and may be entered, and the re* (peftivc cargoes landed, on payment of Britijh duties, and no other, without incurring any p,~;ns, penalties, or forfeitures, whatlpever: and if any lhip or (lit* s, veflel or veflels, navigated according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, and which have arrived in any port of this realm fince the faid twenty-fifth day of March laft pad, or the cargo or cargoes of fitch (hip or (hips, veflel or veflels, (hall have been feized, fuch (hip or (hips, vejel or veflela, with their refpedive cargoes, (hall be delivered to the refpedive owners and proprietors thereof, on payment of Britijh duties only, and no other, without any pains, penalties, or fxfeiturcs whatfoever: the ad of the twelfth of his late Ma-jsfty King Charles the fecond, or any other aft or a ds to the contrary thereof, notwithstanding.

CAP. XXL

da for amending and rendering more etfe&ual two ads, palled in the tenth and eleventh years of bis prefent Majefty's reign, for better top-plying the city of Worcefter, and the liberties thereof with water, and for the better paving and lighting the faid city, and for removing and preventing all obftru&ions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XXII.

An ad for the better government and regulation of the poor, in the town and parilh of Maidftone, in the county of Kent.	'

39

March 1779, has arrived, or during the prefect hostilities (ball arrive, in any port of this realm, navigated according to this ad, may be entered, &c, on payment of BritiJh duties s

And if any fuch (hip, or its cargo, has been (eized, the fame (hall be delivered to the owners, on payment of Britiih duties only.

CAP. XXIII.

JuaG to amend an oft made in the hjl feffion of parliament, intituled,, An ad for the encouragement of Teamen, and the more fpeedy and effedual manning his Majefty’s navy $ and for making further provifions for thofe purpofes.

WH E R E A S his Majefty, by order in council, dated the eigh- Preamble* teenth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, was pleafed U order that general reprifals be granted againjl the jhips, goods, and fubjefls, of the king of Spain 5 and that as well all Ids Majejkf s fleets and Jbips, asalfoall other Jhips and vejfels that Jball be commtfftoned, by letters jof marque or general reprifals, or other wife, by bit Majejlys commijftoners for executing the office of lord Ugh admiral of Great Britain ,fball and may lawfully feieae alt Jhips, vefilsx and goods, belonging to the King of Spain, or bis fubjefls, or oilers inhabiting within any the territories of the King of Spain, and bring the fame to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty. within bis Majejly's dominions: now, for the encouragement of the officers mod feamen of bit Majefiy's jhips of war, and the officers and feamen of all other Britifb jhips and veffith having emmiffions and letters of marque, and for inducing all Britiih feamen who maybe in any foreign /twice to return into this kingdom> and become fendeeable to bis Ada-j*Py% and for the more effectual ftcuring and extending the trade of

15	4	his

Digitized by ^ooQle

40	Anno	vlcefimo	Georgii	III,	c.23.	[1780.

his Majejly's fubjefls; be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiri-' tual and temporal, and commons, in thisprefent parliament Prizes made^ aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the flag of- • On	*	^ccrs> commanders, and other officers, feamen, marines, and

the hotUlhift Soldiers, on board every (hip and veflel of war in his Majefty’s againft Spain, pay, (hall have the foie intereft and- property of and in all and to be divided every (hip, veflel, goods, and merchandizes, which they have between the t9kcn ilnce the eighteenth day of June, one thoufand feven hun-* dred and feventy-nine, or (hall hereafter take.during the continuance of hoftilities againft Spain, after the fame (hall have been finally adjudged lawful prize to his Majefty, in any of his Majefty’s courts of admiralty in Gnat Britain, or in his Majefty’s in the propor- plantations in America, or elfewhere •, to be divided in fuch pro* Mntftyh]1S - Portlons» and after fuch manner, as his Majefty hath, by his dy4ordc«d7or proclamation of the twenty-fifth of June, one thoufand (even to be hereafter hundred and feventy-nine, already ordered and directed, or as ordered by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, (hall think fit to order and proclamation. djrc<ft? by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be iffued for thofe purpofes.

Prizes madeby	II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That

privateers to any (hip or (hips, veflel or veflels, arms, ammunition, (lores of t^ee'nthcown- war> §°°ds, an<* merchandizes whatfpever, with all their farmers and C3p- * ture, tackle, or apparel, taken or to be taken, during the conti-tors according nuance of hoftilities againft Spain, by or with any private owner to private or owners, (hip or veuel, according to any commiflion or letter contract. cf marqUe granted, or to be granted, as herein-after is fet forth, by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiftioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any perfon or perfons by him or them impowered and appointed, (being firft adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majefty’s courts of admiralty as aforefaid,) (hall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the owner and owners of fuch (hip or vefTel, and the feveral perfons who (hall be on board the fame, and be aiding and affifting to the taking thereof, in fiich (hare and proportion as (hall be agreed on with the owner and owners of fuch (hip or veflel as (hall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of fuch owner or owners, and the perfons that (hall be thus intitled thereto by virtue of fuch agreements among themfelves; and that neither his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or any admiral, vice-admiral, governor, or other perfon commiflioned by or claiming under his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, other than the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel, being the captor of fuch prize, (hip, or veflel, arms, ammunition, (tores of war, goods, and merchandizes, and the perfons claiming under him or them, (hall be intitled to any part or (hare thereof, (except as to the cuftoms and duties$) any cu-Prorifion* in ^om* fatute, or other law, to the contrary notwithftanding*

19	Geo. 3,c.6jj HI. And whereas by an aft, made in the nineteenth year ef the

reign

Digitized by Google

1780.3	Anno yicclimo GeoRGII III. C. 23.	41

reign tf	Ins prefent Majefy, (intituled, An ad for the encourage- for profisut-

ment of feamcn, and the more fpeedy and effedual manning hi* Maiefty’s navy,) feveral proviftons and regulations were eft a- efte'ndedto^ bBJhedfor tbo bettor tarping on thefalutary purpofes by the fata oil letter* of intended in tbe profrtution of bojtiliues	againFrance; be it there- marque. See.

foreenaded by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral regu- fcjj^******’ ladons and provihon* refpeoing the grant of commiffions or K,;w **•*““ letters of marque, the perfons ading ana the captures made under ^ the authority of fuch commiffions or letters of marque, and all other daufes, provifoes, matters, and things, contained in the laid ad, (hall extend, and be conftrued ana deemed to extend, to the grant of commiffions of letters of marque to the perfons adiag, and the captures made, under the authority of fuch commiffions or letters of marque for general reprifals againft the (hips, goods, and fubjeds, of the lung of Spain, and all other matters or things wnatfoever, in refped of the fame, dur-iogthe continuance of hoftilities againft Spain, as fully, amply, aad effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the lame regulation*, proviiions, daufes, provifoes, matters, and things, had been particularly repeated and re-enaded in this ad.

IV.	Provided always, and be it declared and enaded by the Prize good* authority aforefaid. That nothing in the faid ad, made in the liable to pay. nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or in this ad contained, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to exempt any Ihips, goods, wares, or merchandize, already taken, and which, (hall be taken as prize, and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any of his Majefty’s plantations in	,	from

the payment of any cuftoms or duties, or from being fubjed to the reftridions and regulations to which the fame now are or (hall hereafter be liable by virtue of the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

V.	And whereas by the faid all, made in the nineteenth year of his

Meatfly's reign, it is enaUed, That all penalties and forfeitures given

ona granted by tbe faid	all, Jball be applied one moiety to the informer

or informers, and tbe other moiety to the of tbe royal hofpitalfor fiamen at Greenwich: and whereas fuch attribution of penalties and forfeitures may interfere with tbe dijlributm of feveral penalties and forfeitures which are otherwife particularly dijpofed of by tbe faid all; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That fo much snd fuch part of the faid recited ad mall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all penalties and forfeitures inflidea or incurred by the faid recited and this prelent ad, other than fuch as are otherwife particularly difpofed of, (hall be applied one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the ufe of the laid royal bofohal.

VII.	And whereas it is by the faid recited all, among other things, toaBed, That if any fbip, veffel, or boat, taken as prize, or any goods therein, Jball appear and be proved in any court of admiralty to have btkngtd to any of bis Majejly's fubfells of Great Britain or Ireland,

or

Part of 19 Geo. 3* c. 67, relating to application of penal* ties, repealed.

Application of pcnaltiet.

Recital of part of 19 Geo. ), c. <7, relating to recaptured vefiels*

Digitized by v^ooQle

4*	Anno	vkefimo	Gsq&gii HI* c.*4, ag. [ 1780.

or any of the dominions and Urritorits remaining and continuing ustfor bis Majeftfs protection and obedience, which wen before taken at Jurpriztd by any of his Majeftfs enemies, and at any time afterwards again furprized and retaken from bis Majeftfs enemies by any of Us Majeftfs /tips of war, or any private man of spar, er other flnp, wjf€l> or booty under bis Majeftfs protection and obedience, that ebon fauhfbipSy veffels, boats, and goods, and every fitch, fare and parte t hereofy asajorejaid,formerly belonging to fitch bit Majeftfs fidyeBs, fbatiy in ftl cafes, be adjudged to be reflated, and /ball be, by dome of the fold court of admiralty, accordingly rcflorcd to fetch former owner er owners, or proprietors, ho or they paying, for and in lieuef falvage, as in the /aid e£t is particularly mentioned and directed: and whereas it bath been found by experience, that greet expend is inturredby the original owners and recapt&rs of colliers and codfting veffels, and other veffels of fmall value, by proceeding to adjudication in the manner directed by the faid recited alt, with refpeSt to the faivege of fitch re* captured tolliers and coafiing veffels, and other veffels of (mail value, the charges whereof frequently exceed the fium paid forJalvage to the Regulations recaptort: for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed, That in cafes of rectum? co^lcrs shafting veffels, and other velfeisof fmall value, cottterscoaft.	by the enemy, and afterwards retaken by any of his Ma-

ing veffels, &c. jelly’s (hips of war, or by any privateer or merchant (hip having letter of marque, or by any (hip, veflel, or boat, under his Majefty’s prote&ion or obedience, it (hall and may be lawful, immediately upon (uch recaptured collier or coafting veflel, or other veflel of (maU value, being brought into port, for the owners and agents on both Tides to agree upon the falvage, 10 as (uch falvage {hall not exceed the refye&ive proportions dfc reded by the faid recited act to be paid to recaptors $ and upon producing to the judge of any court of admiralty, or his furro-gate, or to any one or more of the commiflioners for taking deaminations in prise caufes, an atteftation of the mafter of the recaptured (hip or veflel, of the property thereof, and of the cargo, including alfo an atteftation of fome perfon of good credibility as to (he identity of the faid (hip or veflel, and of bis having carefully viewed the fame; that then it (hall be lawful fojr the recaptor, or his agent, immediately to reftore the fame without any further delay, and fuch reftitution being certified to the court, (hall be decreed to be affirmed accordingly; my thing in the (aid recited a<ft contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft for converting into money the ftatute labour, in the ftewartry of Kirkcudbright, for the purpofe of repairing the highways, bridges, and ferries, within the (aid ffewartry.

CAP. XXV..

An aft for rtpealing the duties payable upon pot and pearl	wood

and weed esjhes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting ether duties in lieu thereof for a limited

Preamble. WfPEREAS pot and pearl a/bes, wood and weed ajhes, are V V ejfentially netejfary in the whitening of linen cloth and thread, •	and

Digitized by Google

i7*o.} Anno vicefimoGEOlUSiI 111. c.2$.	43

audit the preparing of linen yarn for tht loam, and are ttfei in federal other manifa flares of this kingdom ; and in order $0 promote aHd encourage fuch qpaufaflures, it is expedient to reduce the duties pay* able by law upon the importation of fuch pot and pearl afbesy wood and weed ajhes, from any foreign part of Europe, for a limited time : may ft therefore pkati'yuur Majtjly that k may he matted; and ha itenadled by the King’s moft excellent tnajefty, by and with the advice and confentof thelords fpirhual and temporal, and coalmans, ip this prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fiap&e, That, from and after the tjtirty-firft day of from May ;t9 May, one thoufand (even hundred and eiehty, and during the *780, all duties continuance of this adfc, the feveralrates and duties payable upon the importation ofpot and pearl allies, wood and weed aQies, &c. imported from any foreign part of Europe into this .kingdom, fhall ceafe from any fo-and determine * end in lieu a&d iaftead thereof, there (hall be Part raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, the Cum of two (hillings for every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve *	.

pounds weight avoirdupoife, of fiich pot and peart afhes ; and Ncw the fam of fixpence for every hundred weight, containing one gran hundred and twelve pounds weight arotrdupoife, of fuch wood and weed afbes, which (halt be fo imported into Great Britain from any foreign place or country in Europe ; fubjedt neverthe* lefeto an additional import of five pounds per eentum9 in the fame manner, and under the fame regulations, as the additional doty of five pounds per cetrtumis granted to his Majefty, by an aft made in the (aft feffion of parliament, intituled. An a& for granting to his Atdjefty additional duties upon the produce of the federal duties under the management of the refpeflive commiffioners of the cufloms and exeife in Great Britain, and after that rate for any greater or lefe quantity thereof; any thing in any former ad or ifts to the contrary notwithrtanding.

H. And it-is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- New duties to laid, That the faid duties made payable by this act upon fucb bepaidinrea-pot and pearl afhes, wood and weed alhes, fhall be paid down hi ready mohey, without any (tifcount or allowance upon im- Jn(j Applied as portation, or any drawback upon exportation, and (hall, in aU the former other refpedts, be raifed, levied, cdtiedted, recovered, and paid, duties, and (hall be applied and appropriated to the fame tafes as the former duties were applicable, by fuch rules, ways, and means, and under the like penalties and forfeitures, as the former duties, which are repealed by this adt, were raifed, levied, colledted, recovered, paid, applied, and appropriated, and were fubfedt and liable to; and all the powers, penalties, provifions, articles, and rlaufes, contained in the feveral adls of parliament relative thereto, which are now in force and not altered by this a61,

Bull be applied, pradtifed, and executed, for the railing, levying, coHefling, recovering, paying, and applying, the laid duties according to the true intent and meaning of this prefettt aas fully and effcdtuatty, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enadkd in the body of this prefeotadl.

*	*	TTT	A

Digitized by

44 Anno vieefimo Gsoroii IIL c.26,—28.	[1780,

Continuance IH. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-ctf this act. fajd, That this a& (hall continue in force until the thirty-firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP, XXVI.

An aSt for repairing, enlarging, and preferring the harbour of Aberyft* wyth, in the county of Cardigan.

CAP. XXVII.

An a6t for buildinga bridge acrob the river Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the county of Hereford.

C A P. XXVIII.

An aH for granting to bis Majefty	additional	duties	on

vertifementt,	and certain duties on receipts for	,	or for any

Jbare of a	ptrfonal	eftate divided bp force of the of •

buttons, or the cujlom of any province or place.

Moft gracious Sovereign

Preamble. W7 E» y°ur Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament afiembled, towards railing, by the moft eafy means, the necefliury fupplics to defray your Majefty’s publick. expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the fe-veral rates and duties and fums of money herein-after mentioned ; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaded, and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament a Hem-After June x, bled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after *7»o, the fol- the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, lobepaitHo* l*,crebe ra,^e<*> levied, collected, and paid, throughout fais Majefty > the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and focceflors,

an additional	For every advertifement to be contained in the London

duty ot 6d. Gazette,or any other paper printed in Great	, to be difperfed

Sfementu * ant* ma<^ Pubhck weekly or oftener, over and above all other rates and duties now impofed, there be charged an additional duty of (ixpence:

For every advertifement to be contained in or publifticd with any paper or pamphlet whatfoever, printed in Great Britain, to be difperfed or made publick yearly, monthly, or at any other interval of time exceeding one week, over and above all other rates and duties now impofed thereon, there be charged an additional duty of ftxpence: a duty on _ For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or receipts for le- piece of paper, upon which any receipt or other difeharge for wl? &c! after ^e8ac7 ^ by any will, or other teftamentary inftrument, or the following f°r any (hare or part of a perfonal eftate divided by force of the ratej	ftatute of diftributions, or the cuftom of any province or place,

(hall be ingrafted, written, or printed, the amount whereof (hall

not

if So.)	Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 28.	45

not exceed the value of twenty pounds, a (lamp-duty of two not exceeding (hillings and (ixpence; and where the amount thereof (hall be *°1-—**• 6di of the value of twenty pounds, and not amounting to one hun- 00*1 *oI. dred pounds, a (lamp-duty of five (hillings; and where the ^° amount thereof (hall be or the value of one hundred pounds wards, aos. and upwards, a ftamp-duty of twenty (hillings be charged thereon.

II.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. Duties to be That, for the better and more effectual levying, collefling, and under the paying, all the faid duties herein-before granted, the fame (hall be under the government, care, and management, of the com-	"

miffioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties ftamps. charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the neceffary officers under them for that purpofe, and to ufe and provide fuch (lamps to denote the faid feveral duties as (hall be requifite in that behalf, and to do all other things neceflary to be done for putting this a<5l in execution, with relation to the faid rates and duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

IIL And, for better fecuring the faidJlamp-duties hereby impofed, Parchment* be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all vellum, &c. to be parchment, or paper, upon which any fuch receipt or other dif-charge for any legacy left by any will, or other teftamentary in- officc^mCe ftrament, or any part thereof, or for any (hare or part of a per- damped, be-fooal eftate, divided by force of the ftatute of diftributions, or fore any re-the cuftotn of any province or place, or any part thereof, (hall, <*■!* f«r» before the fame (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, be brought to the head office for (lamping and marking of vellum, parch- ten or pnm^ toent, and paper; and the faid commiffioners, by themfelves or thereon, their officers, (hall from time to time damp or mark as this a6k direds, any quantities of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon payment ot the (aid duty, the faid duty to be paid by the per-(boor perfons giving (uch receipt or other difeharge; and if Receipts,if any receipt or other difeharge, fo hereby directed to be (lamped, not proper!y (hall not be marked or (lamped as by this adt is dire&ed, or (hall be marked or (lamped for a lower duty than as aforefaid, cvSenoS 00 fuch receipt (hall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good, ufeful, or available, in law or equity.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, ufual allow-That the fame allowance (hall be made on prefent payment of an<* to be . the feveral duties granted by this afl, in fuch manner as by any maj!e ^ former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, and paper, {£ent? iidireded and allowed.

V.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That stamps may fach ftamps as the laid commiffioners are hereby dire&ed and be altered and authorifed to provide and ufe, (hall and may bettered and re-

newed

Digitized by LiOOQle

4®	Anno	vicefimo	Georgii	III.	c.	28.

ncwed in fuch manner as any other (tamps on veHum, parchment, or paper, are by,any former law reflating to (tamped vellum, parchment, or paper, direfted to be altered and renewed.

IF any perfoti VI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefind, ihall cou£ter That if any perfon fhould counterfeit or forge, or procure to be dhcdetll tobe counterfe,ted or forged, any fea!, (tamp, or mark, directed or ufed by this allowed to be ufed by this aft for the purpofe of denoting the aft, Sic. with duties by this aft granted, or (hall counterfeit or refcmble intent to de- the impreffion of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Ma-iefty fuch trr- Jety> h\& b^rs and fucceflors, of any of the faid duties, or (hall ion (hall fuffer privately or fraudulently ufc any fcal, ftamp, or mark, directed death as a fe- or allowed tobe ufed by this aft, with intent to defraud his Ion.	Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, of any of the faid dories j

every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convifted, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall luffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

AH powers, VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, claufes, Sic. That all powers, provifions, articles, daufes, diftribution of pe-appointed by nalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things pre-former afts feribed or appointed by any former aft or afts of parliament ftamp Suties, relating to the (lamp-duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, to^ePin force (hall be of full force and effeft, with relation to the rates and in railing, col- duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and put in execution ltfting, &c. for t|ie raif,ng^ levying, collefting, and fccuring the (aid new fieslmpofed rates anc* duties hereby impofed, according to the true intent by this aft. and meaning of this aft,as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feverally and refpeftively beeh hereby enafted, with relation to the faid new rates and duties hereby impofed.

fteeeiver-ge- VIIL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, of , That the feveral rates and dutiesherem-before granted, fhaH be forceDa**’ Pa*d *rom	^mc *nt0 t*lc hands of the receiver-general

feparate ac- *or the time being of the duties on damped veHum, parchment, count of the and paper, who mall keep a feparate and diftinft account of the new duties, feveral rates and duties, and pay the fame (the rrecef&ry charges into The ex*0* °* rai^lrtS> paying, and accounting for the fame, being dedufted) Chequer, &c. ^nt0 t^e receipt of the exchequer, for the ufes and purpofes in *	0	this aft mentioned, at fuch time and in fuch manner as any

former duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid.

A feparate IX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, account to That there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor be kept, in^ 0f the fold receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all ©fficeof all* monies acting from the faid feveral rates and duties, artd monies pro- paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate duced by this and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever; How tobe and the faid money fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as applied. aforefaid, (hall, together with fuch other rates, duties, and revenues, as (hall be granted by any aft or afts of this feflion of

parliament

47

1786.] Am*o vkafimo G^orgii III. c. ig.

parliament for this purpofe, bo a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences as are difedted to be paid and payable purfuant to an adt of this prefent feflton of parliament, intituled. An aft for railing a certain Jum of money by way of annuities, and for eflabMjhing a lottery.

X. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Pirfaufued That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be in lh«j***?*•

Ibed, ftiolefted* or profecuted, for any thing by him or them °* **“• done or executed in purfoance of this adt, or of any claufe, a 9 matter or thing, herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general HTue, and give the fpecial matter in ro*y pl«ad th« evidence for his> or their defence j and if upon the trial a verdidt 8encral ^’ue» (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defen- and recover dams (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them, agamft treble colb. fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIX.

An aft to proteft goods or merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the iflands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on board neutral vejflls bound to neutral ports, during the prefent hoflilities.

WHEREAS, during the prefent hoflilities with France, the preamble.

iflands of Grenada and the Grenadines have been taken by the French King: and whereas it is juft and expedient to give every poffible relief to the inhabitants and proprietors of efates in the faii iflands: may it therefore pleafe yoof Majefty that k may bo enadted; and be it enadied by the king’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confeftt of the fords (piritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflenv-bled, and by the authority of the feme, That, from and Goods the after the paffing of this prefent adt, ‘no goods or merchan- produce or dize of the growth, produce, or manufadture, of the faid iflands manufa&urt of Grenada or the Grenadines, whkh (hall be found on board	°*

any neutral (hip-of veflel bound from any of thd faid iflands to dine*, on " any neutral port, nor any fuch (hip or veflel on board whkh board* neutral foch goods or merchandize (hall be laden, if taken by any of his ve(Tels bound Majefty’s (hips or vcflels of War, of by any private (hip of nw ■ veflel having letters of marque or general rcprizals, (hall be 5>le’to con-liable to confiscation or condemnation as lawful pri^e; any thing demnation at in an adt made in the laft feilion of parliament, (intituled, Ah prize* aft for the encouragement offeamen, and the more fpeedy and effectual manning bis Majefty's navy,) or any other law or Aatute, to the contrary thereof in anywife nofwithftandmg.

IL And, in ordet to afeertain that thi faid goods and merchandize jvfafter of Me really and bona fide of the growth, produce, or mamfafture, of every fuch veA a*t tf the faid iflands, be it further eftadted by the authority afore- M* before be m. That the matter, commander, or other perfon having the !?***? **!? ?** charge of fitch (hip or veflel, 'Audi, before hit departure from \£ fooled

any



Digitized by Google

48	Anno	viccfimo Geoagii III. c. 29*	[1780.

with a mani- any port or place in the faid iflands, be furnilhed with a mani-feft fpecifying fc({ ;n wr;tingt fpecifying the particulars of the whole cargo of ©Hu^can^* fQCh (hip or veflel, with the marks and numbers of each pack-&c.;	*	age containing the fame, as alfo the port or place to which fuch

(hip or veflel is bound $ which manifeft (hall be fubfcribed by any five of the following perfons; (videlicet,) Charles Grants which manifeft William Johnfion, Alexander Scott, James Stewart, William Nicoli, fhmllbefub- William Lucas, Alexander Symfon, Samuel Williams, John Nelfonf fcribed by five Qeorge Campbell, Robert JTbrelfal, Henry Palmer, John Pegus, perioiis. Alexander Frafer, James Wilkinfon, John Lefsly, David Mill, Thomas Campbell, Edmund Thornton, Fergus Paterfon, James Campbell, Alexander Cockbum, David Toung, Alexander Campbell, Ninian Home, Edmund Proudfoot, James Bai/lie, Patrick Maxwell, Thomas Townfend, Robert Bogle, Richard Oliver, James Taylor, William Smithy Alexander Stewart, Frederick Corfar, Robert Lang, JobnCaftles, Andrew Irvin, Robert Harvey, Peter Gordon, Andrew Grant, Jofeph Gumming, John XJrqubart, Peter Pegus, John Grant, Ifany fuch Walter Todd, all of which perfons refide in the faid iflands5 and taken bn any ^ch or AaD be taken or furprifed on her voy-King'e diip, or age ty any °f nis Majefty’s (hips or veffels of war, or by any privateer, on private (hip or veflel having letters of marque or general repri-producing the fals, then the mattet or commander, or other perfon having the the matain**0 c*iar85B (uch (h*P or (hall produce fuch manifeft to the dJ.^eftaUbe captain, or other commanding officer, of any of his Majefty’s immediately (hips or veflels of war, or to Hie matter or commander of fuch rtleafed. private (hip or veflel having fuch letters of marque or general reprifals, who (hall immediately releafe fuch neutral (nip or veflel, and the goods and merchandizes on board the fame ; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary in any wife notwithftand-ing.

Goods found III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

on board any That no goods or merchandize, ox the growth, produce, or

d|f0fed ^ Cm~ nwnufadure, of the (aid iflands, which (hall be found on board

veymg the011” any drogher or other veflel, employed for conveying the fame

fame from from one hay of the faid iflands to another, for the purpofe of

bay tobay,&c. loading the lame on board any neutral (hip or veflel, for any

not liable to neutral port, (hall be liable to confifcation or condemnation as condemn.. lawful p^ize.

This aft not IV. Provided always. That nothing contained in this a& to proteft any ft*all extend, or be conftrued to extend, to protect from con-veffels,except demnation any goods or merchandize which (hall be found on tbeir whole board any (hips or veflels which may have taken in any part of taken in*at	t^c*r l°a“m88 or cargocs at any other ifland than Grenada or the

Grenada or	Grenadines, the whole of which loadings or cargoes (hall be liable

the Grena- to confifcation and condemnation as lawful prize; any thing in dine* s this aft to the 'contrary in anywife notwithfianding.

Nor to affeft V. Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing con-thefentenceof tained in this aft (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to ■ny vice-ad- affeft any lentence of any court of vice-admiralty refpefting any pieriouMo*1 g°°ds or merchandize of the growth, produce, or manufacture, June 1,1780. of the faid iflands of Grenada and the Grrnadines3 that may have

beeq.

Digitized by <^»ooQle

tj8o*] Anno rlcefimo GeoRgii III. c. jo.	49

been, or may be, condemned by any fuch court, ori or before the M day of Junt> one thdufand feven hundred and eighty.

VI.	Provided alfo, That no captain, or other commanding Commander* officer of any of his Majefty’s (hips or veflels of war, or the	not

matter or commander of any private (hip or veflfel having let- liable to any ters of marque or general reprifal, (hall be liable to any fuit or a&ion for de-adion for or on account of having detained any (hips or veflels, ta,n,nS vcffdi gdods or merchandise, which, by virtue of this adf, are not fubjed to confifcation, in cafe it (nail appear that fuch captain they were Igor other commanding officer of any of his Majefty’s (hips or norant of the Veflels oF war, or fuch matter or commander of any private (hip pacing thereof or veflfel having letters of marque or general reprifal, has not had the* wptuxe knowledge of the patting of this ad at the time of the capture; &c, p 9 provided that fuch captain or other commanding officer, or fuch matter or commander, (hall immediately, on receiving notice of this ad, make full and complete reftitution of fuch (hips or veflels, goods or merchandise, to the owners thereof, accord* ing as the cafe may be.

CAP. XXX.

An ail for granting to bis Majefty fevtral additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kngdom.

Moft gracious Sovereign

WE, your Majefty’s mo4 dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the PreambWJ commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards railing by the moft eafy means the neeeflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the fevetal rates, duties, and importions, herein-after mentioned J and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaded; and , be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the aduice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, ia this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the tenth day of" AfterMay la* Majy one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, over ahd above *78?» thf/?u* all fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and all other fubfldies, o^riuticfto* additional duties, and impofltions, whatfoever, due and payable be laid on for all wines and vinegar imported into Gnat Britain by any wines and aft or ads of parliament now in force, there (hall be raifed, vmegar im-levied, collected, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fud- SiwBriXa* ceffors, (before landing thereof) the additional impofitions, rates,	9

or duties, following, without any difeount or dedu&ion inwards whatfoever5 (that is to fay,)

For every ton of french wine and french vinegar which (hall On French be imported into this kingdom, the fum of eight pounds % and "*ne fo after that rate for any greater or lefler quantity:	to»?*r	*

And alio for every ton of all other wines and vinegar imported ana 0n all into this kingdom, the fum of four pounds; and fo after that other wines rate for any greater or lefler quantity.	and	vjnegart

Vol. XXXIII.	E	Provided

50

No additional duty to be laid on damaged wines.

Anno vicefimO G&ORGII III. C. 50. [i 78a/

II.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to lay any farther duties Upon wines damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and' fpr which the merchants or importers thereof (hall refufeto pay or fecure the duties; and which by an aft, paflfed in th6 twelfth year of the reignof his late majefty King George the Firft, (intituled, An aft for the improvement of his Majeflfs revenues of cu~ Jioms, excife, and inland duties;) are, on foch refafal, direfted to be received into the cuftody of proper officers of the cuftofrts* to be publickly fold, in order to be diftilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar.

III.	And it is hereby further enabled by th£ authority aforefaid, That the faid additional duties herein-before granted, (hall be alfo fubjeft and liable to an additional import or duty of five

onal impoft of pounds per centum, in the fame manner, and under the fame re-3 per cent in gulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per centum is granted to hi* Majefty, by an aft, made in the laft fefikm of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to hit Majcjly additional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the rejpeftive commijftoners of the cujtoms and excife in Great Britain.

IV.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That the faid feveral duties and impofitions herein-before granted, (hall be raifed, levied, collefted, paid, and recovered, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways, means, and methods, and under/uch penalties and forfeitures, (except where any alteration is made by this aft,) as the former duties now payable to his Majefty upon fuch articles refpeftively, are raifed, levied, collefted, paid, and recovered, as fully and effeftually to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, refpeftively, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enafted in the body of this prefent aft; and the fame (hail be under the management and direction of the refpeftive commiffioners of the cuftoms, and their officers, for the time being, and (hall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the cuftoms in England, and (hall be by him paid (the neceflary charges of railing, collefting, and anfwerihg the fame, only excepted) into the receipt of his Majetty’s exchequer, diftinft and apart from all other monies which fuch receiver-general (hall receive for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for the ufes and purpofes in this aft mentioned.

• The duties above mentioned liable to an additi-

the fame manner as the additional duty of 5 per cent, granted by 19 Geo. 3, c. 15.

Duties to be levied and recovered in the fame manner as former du-t*M

and to be un-. der the management of the commifli-oners of the cuftoms, &c.

A feparate ac- V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That count to be there (hall be provided and kept in the ofllce of the auditor of, auSitor's of- !*1C rece*Pl of Exchequer, a book or books, in which all the fice of aft mo- monies arifing from the faid feveral rates and duties, and paid niespaid inby into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as afore* faid, (hall, together with fuch other rates, duties, and revenues,

.	.	as

minority or this aft. Application thereof.

Digitized by

1780.]	•	Anno ylccfimo GeoSgii III. c. 3 iv.	5$

as /ball be granted by an aft or of this fefRori of parliament for this purpofe, be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and aTl fuch other charges and expences as are direfted' to be paid and payable purfuant to an aft of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for ratfing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for eftabltjhing a lottery.)

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by the Upon toe ex-authority aforefaid. That upon the exportation of any fort of Porta|.lon of wine from this kingdom to any part or place beyond the feas, f^mVhU as merchandize, the exporter (hall be paid and allowed a draw- kingdom, ex-back of all the before-men tinned duties paid upon the impor- porter to be tation of fuch wine, by virtue of this aft; which drawback or ^whack of allowance (hall be made in fuch manner, and under fuch rules, au\hea<Lties regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in all refpefts, as any ia',d thereon by former drawback or allowance, payable out of the duties of this aft. cuftoms, upon the exportation of fuch wine, was, could, or might be made before the pafTing of this aft.

CAP. XXXI.

Jn aft for allowing a bounty on the exportation ofBritifh corn and grainy in Jbips the property of perfons of any kingdom or fait in amity with bis Majefty.

WHEREAS much of the /hipping of this kingdom, built in Preamble.

times of peace for the purpofes of commercey is noWy in the prefent time of war and boftilitieSy employed in tranfporting your * '

Majejlfs troops andJloreSy and many Jbips and veffelsy through the fpirited exertions of your Majejlys fubjeftsy are converted into private Jbips of war9 as alfo great numbers of feametiy taken from the merchants fervice, are in like manner employed: and whereas, from thefe and other cffefls of the wary the exportation of corn and grain from Great Britain is fo far interruptedy that it cannot tiowy with advantage to the farmer and merchant, noiwithflanding the bounty granted thereony be exported in Britifh flapping, the mafter and two thirds at leaf of the mariners being your Majejlys fuhjcfts: may it therefore pleafeyour Majefty that it may be enafted\ and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this aft, there be Exporters of allowed to the exporters of corn and grain, who (hall export the Britifti com in fame in (hips or vcflels that are the property of perfons of any kingdom or dates in amity with his Majefty, his heirs or fuc- flavin am:ty ceffors, one moiety of the bounty or bounties refpeftively which with hisMa-is or are, by the laws now in being, direfted to be allowed to iefty, to be al-the exporters of corn and grain the growth of Great Britain, cx- ^afbouL^C ported in Britifh (hipping.	"	....

II. Provided always. That the faid bounty or bounties be al- ty paid** lowed and paid under the like conditions, regulations, and under the like reftriftions, as by the laws now in being are direfted to be co»ditions,&c. obferved m the cafe of the faid corn or grain exported in Britifh

E 2	(hipping	\	{jflj (hipping

a'

Digitized by Google

$2	Anno vicclltno Georgii III. C. 32,33.	[1780#

(hipping j and that the tolleftor, or other proper officer at the ports orplaees in this kingdom from whence the fame (hall be exported, do firft roceive full and fatisfaftory proof that the faid corn or grain, for which the bounty herein* before allowed is claimed, is wholly and entirely, without mixture of any other, the growth of Great Britain.

Cuhtinuance III. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, ot this aft. That this aft (hall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thouiand feven hundred and eighty-one.

CAP* XXXII.

An aft for enlarging the powers of ah aft, made in the twentieth year of his late majelty King George the Second, for building a bridge cro(s the river Thames from the parilh of Walton upon Thame*, in the county of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the county or Middiefex.

Preamble. Aft so Geo. z. recited. Michael Dicker Sanders, of Exeter, i in powered to take the following tolls. Toll to be paid eve*y time tbo bridge is palled over. How to be levied. Penalty on perfons unloading carts, &c. to evade the tolls. *o8 feet to be left for the paIBge of the water. A temporary bridge may be erefted. Tolls for palling over the fame. Temporary bridge to remain no longer than the bridge fhall be rebuilt. Powers of former aft eki ended to this aft. Limitation of aftiohs. General ilfue. Treble colts. Publick aft.

CAP. XXXltl.

jtn ail to explain and amend an ail, made in the ftventeenth year tf , the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled, An aft to repeal an

Preamble. Recital of tj <fco*S>c.59.

Aft t* Geo. 3, clerks of the Xing’s court of chancery,'and for erefting offices tui rebuilding for the regifter and accountant-general of the faid court, for the

better

aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Kitlg Charles the Second, intituled, 44 The matter of the rolls impowered 44 to make leafes for years, in order to new-build the old kt houfes belonging to the rolls J” and for the better regulating the method of granting leafes of the faid rolls ettate for the future ; and for making compenfation to the earl of Macclesfield* and fa Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial rights and in-terefts in certain leafes made of the rolls ettate; and for regulating the method of making leafes of the faid ettate for the? future.

WH E R E A S by an aft, puffed in the feveiiteenth year of tki reign of his prefent Majejiy, (intituled, An aft to repeal an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Xing Charles the Second intituled. The majler of the rolls impowered to make Uafcs for years, in order to new-build the old houfes belonging to the rolls; and for the better regulating the method of grantingleafes of the faid rolls ettate for the future; and for making compen* fation to the earl of Macclesfield, and fir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial rights and interetts in certain leafes made of the rolls ettate; and for regulating the method ot making leafes of the faid ettate for the future;) it is, amongfi other things, recited. That by an aft, pajfed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, [intituled. An aft for rebuilding the office of the fix

1780.] Anno vicefimo.GEORGii III. c. 33.	53

better preferving the records, decrees, orders, and books pf ac- the fix clerks count, kept in fuch offices,) it was, amongfl other things, enabled, officC*

That out of the fecurities purchafed with the furplus money placed to s the account of interejl arifing from monies placed out in purfuance of an ait of the twelfth year of his late majefly King George the Second, therein mentioned, and out of the interefts produced, and to be produced, from fuch fecurities; and alfo out of the fecurities purchafed with the furplus money placed to the account of interejl arifing from monies placed out in purfuance of an aft of the fifth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefly, therein alfo mentioned, and out of the inter eft produced? and to be produced, from fuch fecurities; and out of the furplus interejl which fhould arife or be produced from fecurities pur-chafed in purfuance of the faid feveral afts of the twelfth year of the reign of bis late Majefly, and of thefourth ,fifth* and ninth years of the reign of bis prefent Majefly, therein mentioned; and out of toe interejl which fhould arife or be produced from fecurities to be pur-chafed in purfuance of the faid aft of the fourteenth year of the reign of the prefent King 1 fuco fum and fums of money as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or lords commiffloners for the cujtody of the great fea\ of Great Britain, for the time being, fhould in bis and their diferetion deem neceffary, fhould be paid by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court, and be applied under the direftion of the faid court, in the firft place, in paying and defraying the charges and expences in obtaining the faid aft, and then in rebuilding the faid office called The Six Clerks Office, with the offices thereto belonging, and in purchaftng ground and botefes for that purpofe, if any fhould be deemed neceffary by the faid court, and in providing a proper place for tranfafting the bufenefs of the faid fix clerks office during the time fuch office fhould he rebuilding; and tbe fum of ten thoufand pounds in ere ft	proper and convenient offices

for the faid regifier and accountant-gineral of tbe faid court,feparate, and detached from each other, and in pur chafing fuch ground and boufes as fhould be neceffary for tbofe purpofe s, and for preferving the ancient books of entries of decrees and orders of the Jaii court: And it is alfo, recited, That by an aft, pajfed in the fifteenth year of bis prefent Majefly, (intituled, An ad for verting part of the garden of the t3Ge0.fcC.ss* fociety or Lincoln!s-inn, in the county of Middltfex, in the accountant-general of the court of chancery, and his fucceflors for ever, for the purpofe of ereding thereon offices for the accountant-general, and for the regirter of the faid court,) it was enabled. That the charges and expences attending tbe paffing and obtaining that aft fhould be paid and defrayed out of tbe fame funds, and in like manner as tbe charges and expences attending tbe paffing and obtaining tbe faid aft of the fourteenth year of the reign f bis prefent Majefly are thereby direfted: and it is alfo recited, Thai by an aft, pajjid in the j'aid fifteenth year of his prefent Majefly, (inti• tuled. An ad for applying the funds provided for rebuilding the	fS

offices of the fix clerks of the King’s court of chancery* by an ad made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for rebuilding the office of the fin clerks of the King's tours of chancery, and for crefting offices for the regjjler v	£3	and.



Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo Gso&gii III. C.3j:	£1780.

and accountant-general of the jaid courts for the better prejervmgthe records, decrees, orders, and books of account, kept in f\ich offices; ia building offices for the faid fix clerks in the garden of Lincoln's-inn, inttead of rebuilding the prefent fix ejerks office in Chan-eery-lane; and for other purpofes,) it is enabled. That out of the fecuritie spur chafed with thefurplus money mentioned in tlxfaid recked aft, and out of .the interej\ produced, and to be produced, /r<?«r fecurities; and out of the Jurplys interefl produced, and to be produced* from fecurities purcbofed in purfuance of the fever al afts in the faid aft of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefiy mentioned ; and out of the interejl produced* or to be produced, from fecurities pur chafed in purfuance of the faid aft} fitch, fum andfurns of mnpy as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or lords com» miffitoners for the cujlody of the great feal of Great Britain, for the time being, Jhould in his and their diferetion deem necejfary, Jhould bt paid by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court, and be applied* under the direction of the faid court, in paying and defraying the charges and expences attending the pajfwg and obtaining of that aft* and in pterchafing of the faid ground belonging to the fociety of Lin-eoln’s-inn, therein mentioned and deferibed, and in building thereon an office for the faid fix clerks, and the offices thereto belongings as wall as in carrying into execution the purpojes of the faid aft c] the fourteenthyear of bis prefent Majefiy, except Jo much thereof as* relates to the rebuilding of the faid fix clerks office in the place where the fame then flood, and except fo far as the faid aft of the fourteenth year offri$ prefent Majefiy is thereby altered and varied; and by the faid aft, of s the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, it is affo recited\ That the ground for building the offices for the fix clerks, and for the rtgifier and accountant-general of the court of chancery, had been purcbofed, and the feud offices for the regifier and accountant-general had .been erefted, and fo far completed and finijhed that the, bufinefs of thofe offices then was and had for fome time been carried on and tranfafted therein \ and that all the feveral purpofes of the Jaid three afts of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his prefent Majefiy had been in a great meafure anfwcred and fatisfiedby and cut of the funds providedtor the fame by tbofe afts, and would in a very Jhort time be fully anfwered and faiisfied thereout, except that the faid fum of ten thoufand pounds, mentioned in the faid aft of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefiy, had been found not to be fully Jufficient ta anfwtr and JatisJy the purpofes intended thereby \ it was therefore enabled, [amongjl other things,) That, from and after the time when the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the hrds commiffioners for the cujlody of the great feal of Great Britain, Jhould deem the purpofes of the faid afts, of the fourteenth andfifteenth years of bis prefent Majefiy,. to have been fuhy fatisfied, the furplus interefi arifing, and which Jhould arife, from monies placed out in purfuance of the faid aft of the twelfth year of his late majefiy King George the Second; and the furplus interefi arifing,, and which Jhould. arife, from monies placed out in purfuance of the Jaid aft of the fifth, year of bis prefent Majefiy 5 and the interefi arifing, and which ftmUj arife, from n\onies placed out in purfuance of the faid aft of the four-\	tcentb

1780.] Anno viacfimo GeoROU III.	e-33>	65

ttentb year of his prefent Majejiy, /hall and may, by an order or orders ofthe faid court of chancery 4 o he made for that purpoje, be appropriated and appliediti and to the roijin* and difcharging of the fever a! fiints of money in the faid aft of the /eventeenth year of jhe reign of his prefent Majejiy dire fled to be raffed and paid: and whereas, not-withflanding the faid fum of ten thoufand pounds has been found not to be Efficient to anftver andjatisfy the purpoje s intended by the faid p ft oj tpe fourteenth year of the frejent King*, and as fo recited in the faid a& of the feventoenlhyear of the prefont King* yet there is no provi-fen m the faid lafi mentioned, aft enabling the lord high chancellor of JBritgip, or.the lord keeper or lor fa commiffionersfor the cufiody of the great foal of	Britain,,*? make any order for the raiftng

and paying any further or greater fum than the faid fum of ten thou-Jotti founds* out of the funis providedfordndlding offices for the fend rtgijltr% and for the accountant-general of the faid court of chancery; hyreafon whereof dbe fsirpofes of the faid qfls of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his prefent Majejiy carved iefitiisfed* <or be deemed' to be fatisfiedy and no order or orders of the find court of cbdnoery can be made for applying \the faid furplus intereft to the difcharging the Jams of money d'trefled to be applied by the faid aft of the feventeenth	*

of bis. prefent Majejiy y nor can the faid lafi mentioned aft be carried into execution, unlefs a power be given to the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or lords.commiffioners for thexuflody of the great feal of Great Britain, to fatisfy the purpofes of the faid former aft of the fourteenth of his prefent Majejiy; be it therefore cnadied by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords JpHrijual and temporal, and commons, in prefent parliament aflbmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That, out of the funds in and by the faid Court of chan-recited adls, or any of them*, ipentioned, it (hall and may be ctjy i"?P°xfe,r' lawful for the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the p^^enf of lord keeper, or lord^<6mnii(Tioners for the cuftody of the great {he charge* of feal of Great Britain^ for the time being, by any order or orders patting this of the faid court of chancery, to direct the payment of the aft, out of any charges and cxpences attending the patting and obtaining this Herrin mw-a&,*and fuch further fum or fums of money, not exceeding the tioned, and * fum of three thoufand pounds, over and above the faid fum of alfo a further ten thoufand pounds, in order to anfwer and fatisfy the pur- fum of 3,000!. poles intended by the faid ait of the fourteenth year of his pre- lu^^iofthe fent Majefty, for the ereiting offices for the accountant-general, rec^ncdVa of and the regifter of the faid court, and for the purebafe of the i^Geo. 3. ground whereon the fame (land, in fuch manner as to the faid lord high chancellor, or the lord keeper, or lords commiffioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain, (hall feem meet; any thing in the faid recited adts, or aqy of them, contained tq the contrary notwithftanding.

E4	CAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

56	Anno vicefimo Georoii III. c. 34.	[	1780,

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft for granting to his Majefty additional duties upon fait ; an#

, for regulating the exportation of [apt to the Jfle of Man.

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.	\X7E, your Maiefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje<$s, the

VV common? of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards railing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty^ publick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral additional rates and duties on fait hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority After May io, of the fame. That, from and after the tenth day of May, one 1780, the tol- thoufand feven hundred and eighty, there (hall be raifed, levied, d^esStoCbe col|ed^ed9 and paid, to and for the ufc of his Majefty, his heirs laid on fait* and fucceflors, for and upon all fait, (over and above the rates videlicet, 9 and duties now due or payable thereon by any adt or adfs of parliament now in force,) the feveral additional rates and dutie^ following; that is to lay,

*<J. halfpenny For every gallon of fait, not being of the prodqdt or mantK per gallon on failure of Great Britain, that lhall be imported, from and after all foreign fait the faid tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and imported:	eighty^ into any part of Great Britain, the fum of two-pence

halfpenny of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid by the importer or importers thereof; and after that rate tor a greater or leffer quantity:

id. farthing For every gallon of fair, and rock fak, that, from and after per gallon 01} the faid tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and all fait and eighty, lhall be made at any fait works, or be taken out of any made &c in P*1 or P*ts> *n l^at Part	Britain called England, JVales%

England or anc* l^e town °f Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of one penny Wales; farthing of like lawful money; and aft$r that rate for a greater or leffer quantity:

3d. per buftel For every bumcl of fait, that, from and after the faid tenth on all fait day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, lhall be made. Sec. made at any fait works, or be taken out of any pit or pits, in in Scotland; {|,at part Qf Qrf(lf Britain called Scotland, the fum of threepence of like lawful money; and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity:

and yd. per And for every bufhel of fait, that, from and after the (aid bufhel on all tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, fait imported (hall be imported from Scotland into England, IVales,or the town *r*™!^0|t,a"d of Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of feveri pence; and after that or Wales. ratc *ot a grater or lefler quantity; to be paid by thp iqfiporter or importers thereof;

which

Digitized by UooQle

j jio<] Anno viccflmo Georgxi III. c. 34.	57

which /aid fcveral and rcfpcflive additional rates and duties, The faid du-herein-bcfore granted, fhall and may, from time to time, be ^dt®n^r1c* charged, raifed, received, levied, collected, recovered, fecured, vITred”&cT?n and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, by fuch the fame man-ways and means, gnd pnder fuch management, and fubjedl to nerasthe prc. fuch penalties grid forfeitures, and with fuch power of adjudging f*nt duti«* and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and fubjcdt to fuch allowances, repayments, drawbacks, rules, regulations, and di-rc&ons, in all refpedls (not otherwife directed by this adt) as the prefent duties on fait are or can, by any law or ftatute now in force, be charged, raifed, received, levied, collected, recover- • ed, fecured, and paid, as fully and effedluallv, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the feveral and refpeftivfe ' powers, authorities, methods, penalties, forfeitures, fines, powers of recovery, and mitigation of penalties, forfeitures, and fines, allowances, repayments, drawbacks, rules, regulations, diredions, daufcs, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enadlcd in the body of this prefent a£t.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefald, Produce of That the monies arifing by the faid feveral additional rates and the duties to datics, herejn-before by this adl granted, (hall, from time to

time, be paid into the repeipt of his Majefty’s exchequer by	^

the refpedtive commiflioners for the duties bn fait in England and Scotland for the time being, at fuch times, and in fuch manner, as the prefent duties on (alt are by any law now in force directed to be paid, the neceflary charges or railing, collecting, and accounting for the fame, being deaqdled,) for the ufes and purpofes in this adl mentioned, diftindl and apart from all other hionies which fuch commHfiopers refpedtjvely (hall receive for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors; and that there ^ feparatc (hall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the account faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the thereof to be monies arifing from the aforefaid rates and duties, and paid kePf: ,n,the-into the receipt of exchequer as aforefaid fhall be entered, fepa-	or *0 ~

rate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon any account whatever; and thp faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of How t0 ^ ap^ exchequer as aforefaid, fhall, together with fuch other rates, plied, duties, and revenues, as fhall be granted by any adl or adls of this feffion of parliament for this purpofc, be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expcnces as are directed to be paid and payable purfuant to an a3 of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. An oR for raifing a certain fum of money by way of annuities and for ejlablijb-hi 0 lottery.

III.	And whereas by an aR% m<uje in the fecond and third Recital of an jtm of the reign of her late maiejly queen Anne, intituled, An adl adl % Sc j

for the better fecuring and regulating the duties upon fait, it is Ann*.

[omongft other things) enafled and declared, That any ptrfon export-tug fait tp the Ifle of Man according to the dirtRions of the feveral ffls relating to the faid duties upon fait\ is and flail be intituled to a

drawback

Google

Anno viccCnjo G^pRGIl III.. C# 34.	[1780.

drawback cf the duties of the fait fo Reported, in fuch manner as in cqfe of tie exportation of fait tq any other foreign parts: and whereat great fumt of money art paid out of his Majeflys duties upon fait on account of debentures for Britifh fait flipped to be exported to the Ifle of Man, and it is found, by frequent experience, that great part of fitch Jdlt has been fraudulently put on jhcre. and, relanded in Great Britain, without being carried to the Ifle of Man, by which evil proflicex his Majefly's /aid duties are very rrjUch leJJeued\ far No drawback remedy whereof, be it enaftpd by the authority aforefaid, That, to be allowed from ?i>d f fter the laid tenth d^y of ij/tfv, ipne .thoufand ievea °JJxP°rta^on Hundred and eighty, no debenture (bail Ve fi)?jdeor granted, Ifle of Man, * or drawback' allowed tq be paid. Tor or upon account of the until a proper exportation of any fait or rock fait fpr” the fjleqf Man* pqtiltbe certificate thall exporter of the faid fait or rock fait (hall produce^ fo the officer ^JS0**0* appointed to make out fu^h debenture, a -certificate, under ytfle I thereof in^he °f ch^f officer 6f the ciiftoms of the port or place .in 1 iaid ifland.	the Ifle of Man where fuch fait (hall be landed, or of the padop 1

executing fuch office, of the particular quantity of fait or rock , fait kdlually landed,.to be computed after the rate of fifry-fi* pounds weight to the bufhel^ jn cafe the fame (hail be wb*e fait, and after the rate of fixty-jfive'pounds to the bofhel, in,cafjc j the fame (hall be rock falf> whiph fait, and rocklialt, is hereby di're&ed and required to be weighed by the faid chief officer, qri perfon executing fuch office,, who ffiall, without delay, make. out and deliver a certificate thereof as aforefaid, gratis*	j

No drawback IV. And it is hereby enabled, That no drawback fhall be <ha)l be allow- allowed or paid for more felt oir rock fait of.fhe quantity export-1 Ck ^or.morc ed, than what (hall appear by fucH certificate to have been tity°aftually*1* ac*uaHy fended in the Ifle of Man any thing in the faid *61, at\ landed there, any other law or ftature, to The contrary in any wife notwitb-j (landing.

The exporter V. And whereas white fait and rod }alty in the exportation to the \ to have au al- j(]e Qf Man, are liable to waftey he it therefore enafted by the j four bufhels authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid tenth day of 1 for every forty Mayy one thoufend feven hundred and eighty, upon producing] exported of fuch certificate as before required from the chief officer of the j white fait, and cuftoms of the port or place in the Ifle of Man where any white for^verv^o/ty ^ or roc^ exPortC(* from Great Britain (hall be landed, or of rock fait. ^ from the perfon executing fuch office, of what quantity of white fait and rock felt wasaftually landed there, the exporter or proprietor of fuch white fait and rock fait (hall have an allowance of four bufhels for every forty bu(hels of white felt, and of two bufhels for every forty bulhels of rock felt, put on board in order to be exported to the Ifle of Man, in confideration of the ordinary wafte in the carriage thereof, to be allowed upon the debenture before mentioned, over and above the quantity certified to have been landed in the Ifle of Man% as aforefaid, and no other or greater allowance for or in refpeft of fuch wade \ any other law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftandin*.

Provifo.	VI.	Provided neverthclefs, That no debenture (hall be made

out

Digitized by

' 1 1780J Annp ri^cfimo GeoRjGH IIL c* 34.	qq

our or granted to the exporter of fuch fait or rock fait, for more than the quantity a&ually fhipped, although the certificate of the quantity of fait landed in the lflt of Man, together with the alliance for wafte on the fait itiipped as aforefaid, (hall amount fdjnort.

VII.	And be it -farther enaflted by the authority aforefaid, Regulations to That, from and after the faid tenth day of May, one thousand	'

ben hundred ^od eighty, in c^fe any (alt or rock fait, (hipped thall^be for exportation to the IJU of Man, (the duties whereof (hall funk at fea, or have been paid or fecured to be paid according to the direction taken by the of the laws now in force relating to the faid duties on Alt,) (hall enemy* happdilo perifti by linking of the (hip or vcflcl on which'the hxne (hall be fe (hipped and laid on board, or (hall be takp n by meaies, then,, and in fuch cafe, the exporter or proprietor of bch kit or rode fait, fo perilhing or loft, (hall, upon proof made before the jufticc* tof the peace at she general quarter felQons of ke peace, to be held for the county., city, tiding, divifion, or piece, from whence* be fame (hall be So exported, of the lqfs of bch felt fo (hipped,:receive from the (aid feffions a certificate,

(which the hud joftjoes are hereby authorifed and required to pant,) that fuch^proof was made before them, and upon pro-facing the faid certificate to the officer of the place where the faty -on foch fob (hall have been paid, or fecured to be paid, hchfecuiky (hall ;be difeharged, and fo much money as was adualiy paid for -the duty on the faid lalt, (hall be repaid upon femaad by the foid officer, without foe or reward, provided fuch proof to be made a? aforefaid, (hall be made by two credible rimefles upon oath, within two years next after fuch lofs qr apwre as aforefoid 5 any other lavy or. ftatute to the contrary in nywife notwkhftanding.

VIIL Provided always, and be it further enacled by the No drawback Btbority aforefaid. That there (hall be no debenture made out, t° ^5 a drawback allowed, for any fait or rock fait, to be landed in jJTthelfleof btip of Mony after the faid tenth day of May, one thoufand Man, unlefs two hundred and eighty, unlefs the entry of the fame (alt atthe (amc *aa xportation be made tor lome port or place in the Ifie of Man% *ntcred for ny other law or ftatute to the contrary in anywile notwith- ih^fe^Sand. landing.

IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Perfont profe* That if any perfon or perfons (hall,, at any time or times, he cufod in exe-Kd, molcftcd, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them cutwgthisa&, one or executed in pu(fuance*of this aft, or of any claufe, wter, or thing, herein contained,, fuch perfon or perfons (hall lid may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in may plead the pidexKe for his and their defence; and if upon the trial a ver- general iflue,

3ft (hall oafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff rpbiatiffs Stall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or de- and recover ndstts (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft treble corfU chpblntiff or plaintiffs.

? A P,

6 o

Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 35;

cAp. xxxv.

An aft for granting to his Majefiy additional duties upon malt> on i upon low wines and fpirits made for home confumption, and ufo foreign fpirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the prod* of the Jaid ftveral duties-, and for granting a duty on licences t$ 1 taken out by all perfons trading in, vending, or felling of, cofn tea, or chocolate.	'

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

i *I[TTE, y°ur Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjefis, th rreamb e» V V commons of Great Britain, in parliament afiembled, bo ing defirous, by the mod eafy and effectual ways and means, 0 raife the neceflary fupplies for defraying your Majefty’s public! expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and gran* and by this a<d do give and grant unto your Majefty, the fevd fal duties herein-after mentioned; and do mod humbly 1 your Majefty that it may be enadted j and^be it enafted by tb King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and c fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in I prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the (an After May That* frttot and after the thirtieth day of May, one thoufu 17S0, the fol? feven hundred and eighty* there (hall be raifed, levied, colloi lowing addi- C(j^ paid and fatisfied, unto and for the ufe of his Majedy, W to tehidon ^eirs arK* fucccffors> ^ anc* uPon malt, the rates, dutie malt} videli- wait jmpqfitfons, hereih-aftcr mentioned; that is to fay, I cet, ’

6d. perbufliel For and upon every bu(hel of malt which at any timed on all malt times (hall be made of barley, or any other corn or grain, witfo made in Eng- jn that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and th< o™Ber^kS»* town of Berwick upon Tweedy by any perfpn or perfon* whom r rw 9 foever, whether the fame (hall be qr hot be for (ale, the fum d fixpence, and fa proportionably for any greater or lefs quantity to be paid by the maker or makers thereof refpedtively, over am above ail other rates, duties, and impofitions charged or charge] able thereupon, or that may be payable for the fame:

3d. per bufliel And for and upon every butliel of malr^ which at ^ny tim^ on ail malt or times (hall be made of barley, or any other corn or grainy ma^e in 6cot- wjt|1|n that part Qf Great Britain called Scotland, by any period *	or perfons whatfoever, whether the fame dull be or not be to4

fale, the fum of three-pence, and fo proportionably for ard greater or lefs quantity * to be paid by the inaker or maketi thereof refpedtively, over and above all other rates, duties, atv| impofitions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may IX payable for the fame : and 3d. per And for and upon every buttle! of malt which at any. time oi buOici on all times (hall be brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or tbf edVromTcot- town °f Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of throe.pence, and (ii land into Eng. proportionably for any greater or lefs quantity; over and abovi land, &c. * the duty herein-before granted upon malt made in Scotland} arw

jto.] Anno vicefuno Gbougii III. 0.35*	(?$

II other rates, duties, and impofitions, charged or chargeable hereupon, or that may be payable for the fame.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That here (hall alfo be raifed, levied, collected, paid and fatisfied, mantes, rcJ nto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for tailers of tod upon every bulhel of malt, whether ground or unground, malt, &c. for Bade of barley, or of any other corn or grain, belonging to any naJtfter or maker of malt for fale, feller or retailer of malt, brew- onMay 30,

J,	diftiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar-maker, either in 1780, in Eng. us, her, or their cuftody or pofTeffion, or in the cuftody or pof- land *nd jtfion of any other perfon or perfons whatever in truft for him, ^alc#i an^ kr, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, benefit, or account, *n Scotland ;C ppon the faid thirtieth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred |od eighty, the fum of Gxpence, in that part of Great Britain (riled England, WaUs^ and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and fee fum of three-pence in that part of Great Britain called Scot*

ti, and fo proportionably for any greater or lefs quantity ; to.

paid by the perfon or perfons respectively poflefled of fuch iialt, over and above all other rates, duties, and impofitions, gharged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for |be fame. ,

i III. Provided always. That the faid additional duty, hereby to be paid in (reded to be impoled, raifed, and fatisfied to his Majefty on the thrcc feparate (id malt, which (hall be in the pofleflion of any iucli perfons PaJriuents' p*itt hcrein-before defcribed,on the faid thirtieth day of May%

(hall be collected and paid in manner following; that is to fay.

One third part thereof on the thirtieth day of June, one other third part thereof on the thirty-firft day of Julyy and the resuming third part thereof on the thirtieth day of Jugujl, one ihoufand feven hundred and eighty.

. IV. And whereas feveral malfiers, who have fold or contrasted for Regulations tit /ale of malt, may not have delivered the fame to the buyers thereof relative to before the faid thirtieth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and faleof* ; ej%, and it is reafonalle that Juch buyers Jbould reimburfe to the malt as will fad malfiers all fuch money as they Jloall have paid for the duty charged not be fulfilled threon by virtue of this afi \ be it therefore enaCted by the au- before May thoriry aforefaid. That, in all cafes where any perfon (hall have l°* *7%°' fold or contracted for the fale of any malt, and (hall not have delivered the fame to the buyer, or perfon who (hall have con-traded for the purchafe thereof, before the faid thirtieth day of lday% one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, every fuch fale «od contract (hall, and is hereby declared to be as valid and effectual as if this aCt had not been made; and the buyer or per-ibn who (hall have contracted for the purchafe of any fuch malt,

(hall, and is hereby required, at the time of the delivery thereof, to pay to the perfon who (hall have fold or contracted for tbe&leof fuch malt (over and above the price agreed to be

ijiven for the fame) all fuch money as (hall have been charged or the duty thereon by virtue of this aCt.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That All the powers a	all	c?nuined in

Digitized by (^.ooQle

6i

former afts for collecting and recovering, &C. the duties on malt# to be in force for coMe&ing and recovering the ne# duties.

Certain allowances to be made to common brewers out of the du-t'w on malt $ videlicet,

Upon every barrel of beer or ale above 6 s. value, i s. 4d within London and Weft minder, and the bills of mortality;

and in all other parts of

Anno vicefimoGEoKGii HI. c. £5. f r78c.

all and every the powers, authorities,direCtions, rates, methods, exemptions, deductions, bounties, penalties and forfeitures, claufes,. matters, and things, which in and by aa a<ft, made ia the thirty third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty feverat duties upon malt; and for raifing the fum of eight millions by way cf annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the faid duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the gauging of corn making into malt; and for making forth duplicate of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lefi, burnt, or otherwife defrayedJ or as are contained in any other aft or aCh of parliament in the faid aCI mentioned or referred unto, or any of them, are provided, fettled, eftablifhed, preferibed, or direfted, for managing, afeertaining, fecoring, compounding, raifing, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, repaying, adjufting, and fettling, the duties thereby granted, or to the payment of rents payable in malt, or according to the price of malt, other than in fuch cafes for which other directions are preferibed by this aCt, fhall be exercifed, praCtifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, afeertaining, fe-curing, compounding, raifing, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, repaying, adjufting, and fettling, the feveral and refpeCtive rates, duties, and impositions, by this aCt granted upon malt, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, exemptions, deductions, bounties, penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enaCted in the body of this prefent aCt.

VI.	And, for the better encouragement of common brewers and makers of beer or afe for fale, and to the end that no fuch brewer or maker of beer or ale may be under the necejfity to take any more in the price thereof, upon the retail of the fame, than according to the ufual rates and prices, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid thirtieth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, there fhall be paid and allowed, out of the monies to arife by the faid duties on malt, to every common brewer, or other perfon or perfons who brew beer or ale, and fell or tap out the fame publickly or privately, over and above all other allowances already given by any law now in force, the feveral and refpe&ive allowances herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay.

The fum of one (hilling and four-pence, upon every barrel of beer or ale, above fix (hillings the barrel, exclufive of the duties of excife, brewed by the common brewer, or by any other perfon or perfons who doth or fhall fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or privately, within the cities of London and Weflminfler, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and returned by the gauger; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity:

The fum of one (hilling and eight-pence, upon every barrel

of

Digitized by

Google

1780.] Ahnd	IIF.	C.35.	6$

of beer or ale, above fix (hiHihfes thebarrel, exclufive of the du- England, tic* of excife, brewed by the cotiimon brewer, or by any other Wales,or Ber-perfon or perfons who doth or (halt, fell or tap out beer or ale, p^arwi; * publickly or privately, in England) finales, or the t6wn of 5/r- v wick upon Tweed, hot witty n the faid cities of London and Wejl- . t mnfttr, nor within the weekly b?Hs of mortality, and returned, by the gauger 5 and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity:	'	.

The Aim of four-pence, upon evtfy barrel of beer or aTe, of Upon every fix (hillings the barrel or under, brewed by the common brewer,.barr®1 °f. **cr or any other perfon or perfons who doth or (hall fell or tap out'^ aQer °nde°r beer or ale, pubHckly or privately, throughout England, Wales,\d. per bar-* and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and returned by the rei: gauger; and fo in proportion for any greater ot lefs quantity:

1 he fum of ten-pence, upon every barrel of beer or ale, uP°n every above fix (hillings the barrrel, exclufive of the duties of excife, ^stoUanT* brewed by the common brewer, or by any other perfon or per^ 6g# v’^ fons who doth .or (hall fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or lue, iod.» privately, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, 2nd rttumed by the gauger; and fo in proportion for any greater or Ids quantity:

The fum of fixpence, upon every barrel of two-penny ale, upeweveiy mentioned and deferibed in the feventh article of the treaty of barrd-oftwo* union, brewed within that part of Great Britain catted Scotland,	eV	"

and returned by the gauger; and fo in proportion for any greater or left quantity:

And the fum of three-pence, upon every barrel of fix (hillings an(j beer or ale, or under, brewed by the common brewer, or any every barrel other perfon or perfons who doth or (hall fell or tr.p out beer or for 6*.^ ale, publickly or privately, within that part of Great Britain or undcr* a®* called Scotland, and returned by the gauger; and fo in proper- ‘ non for any greater or lefs quantity:	. ,

Which faid feveral refpeftive allowances for the faid beer or ale, fo brewed as aforefaid, (hall be paid at the end of every four months rcfpe&ively, after the duties (hall have been paid for the fame, and not fooner.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Common That if any common brewer, or other perfon or perfons who brewers four brew beer or ale, and fell or tap out the fame, publickly or pri- Sy^ento? watdy, (hall, by himfelf or themfclves, or by his or their agent the duties for or agents, at any time after the end of four months after he or arty beer or they (ball have paid the duties for any beer or ale by him or br5j?e<1 them brewed after the faid thirtieth day of May, one thoufand J7go, on pro! fctta hundred and eighty, product to, and leave with, the daring a cer! odttedtor of excife of the county, (hire, (lewartry, or place, tificate thereof where the beer or ale, for which the allowances are by this a<ft t0 tbe ^l1?**** directed to be made, was brewed, and where the duties were0*01\CXCI * paid for the fame, a certificate or certificates from the officer who received the faid duties, that the duties charged or chargeable upon the (aid beer or ale have been actually paid* and that

Digitized by t^ooQle

6*

(hall be forth* with paid the allowances before mentioned.

Monies borrowed from any other fnnd to pay the aforeiaad allowances* how to be replaced.

After May 30, 1^80, the following additional dudes to be laid on fpirituous liquor* made in Great Britain for home con-fumption, or imported from abroad; videlicet*

Low wines or fpirits of the firftextraftion, made from malt or corn* or brewers waft,See. id. per gallon t

ftrong waters* or aqua *vit*9 made of the materials aforefaid* % d. per gallon: low wines or fpirits of the

Anno vioefioao Georgii lit. c. 3$.	[1786;

the fame beer or ale was brewed fince the faid thirtieth day of May% one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, (which certificate the faid officer is hereby required td giytgraih)\ then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid collector fhali, out of the monies arifing from the duties by this aft 'impofed upon malt, forthwith pay to the perfon producing the faid certificate, for every barrel of beer or ale mentioned therein, the refpeftive allowances by this aft in fuch cafe direfted to be made; £md in cafe the faid colleftor (hall not have fufficient money in his hands* arifing by the duty by this aft impofed upon malt, to pay the fame, then the refpeftive commiffioners for the faid duty are hereby required to pay the faid allowances out of the faid duty upon malt arifing by this aft; and if at any time it (hall happen that the faid refpeftive commiffioners (hall not have in their hands monies, arifing by the faid duty, fufficient to pay the faid allowances, then and in every fuch cafe the faid refpeftive commiffioners (hall pay the faid allowances out of any monies then in their hands. '

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. That whatever fum or fums of money (hall be fo paid by the refpeftive commiffioners, (hall be replaced to the fund or funds from which the fame was borrowed, out of the firft monies that (hall arife and be received from and upon account of the duty on malt by this aft impofed, in preference to all other payments whatever.

IX,	Ana be it further enafted by the authority aforefa'd, That, from and after the thirtieth day of May, one thoufcnd feven hundred and eighty, there (hall be raifed* levied, collected, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, throughout the kingdom *of Great Britain, for the feveral kinds of fpirituous liquors herein-after mentioned, fpecified, and enumerated, which (hall be made in Great Britain for home confumption, or imported into Great Britain from parts beyond the feas, over and above all duties, charges, and impofitions, by any former aft or afts of parliament thereupon refpeftively fet, rated, and impofed, the feveral additional rates and duties of excite herein-after mentioned and exprefted; that is to fay,

For every gallon of low wines and fpirits of the firft extraction, made or drawn in Great Britain^ for home confumption, from any fort of drink or wa(h, brewed or made from any fort of malt or corn, or from brewers wa(h or tilts, or any mixture with fuch brewers walh or tilts, to be paid by vhe diftillers or makers thereof, one penny:

For every gallon of ftrong waters, or Aqua Vita, made for fale, for home confumption, of the materials aforefaid, or any of them, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, threepence :

For every gallon of low wines or fpirits of the firft extraftion, made or drawn in Great Britain, for home confumption, from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, to

b?

Digitized by

Google

t^8o.] Anno vicefimo Georgii lit. c. 35."

bejpaid by the diftillers dr makers thereof, three-pence:

For every gallon of fpirits, made or drawn in Great Britain, for home confumption, from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, two-pence:

For every gallon of low wines or fpirits, of the firft extraction, made or drawn, for home confumption, from cyder, or any fort or kind of Britijb materials, (except' thofe before mentioned), or any mixture therewith, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, one penny three farthings:

For every gallon of fpirits, made for fale, for home confamp-don, from cyder, or any fort or kind of Britijb materials* (except thofe befort mentioned), to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof* two-pence:

For every gallon of (ingle brandy, fpirits, or Aqua Vita, imported into Great Britain from beyond the feas, to be paid by the importer before landing, one (hilling:

For every gallon of brandy fpirits, or Aqua Vita, above proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported into Great Britain, from beyond the Teas, to be paid by the importer before landing, two (hillings.

*5.

firftextra&ion» jnade from foreign materials, See. 3 d. per gallon: (pirns, made of the afore-(aid materials, 2d. per gallon*

low wines or fpirit* of the firftextra&ion, made from cyder, Sec,

1 d. jq. per gallon s 9 fpirits, made from cyder.

Sec. td. per

fallon: ngle brand/. See. imported,

1 s. per gallons double bran-dy, per gallon.

X.	Andy for the better afeertaining, charging, colliding, raifingi levying, ana fecuring, the additional rates and duties by this aft im-pefei on the Jaid fpirituous liquors, and preventing frauds therein, be Duties on fpi-it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch of the or^mponed* faid rates and duties by this aCt granted, as are charged upon into, England, fpirituous liquors made and manufactured in, or imported into, to be un-Enghndy Walts, or Berwick upon Tweedy (hall be under the re- <Jcr thc ma-cJeipt and management of the commiftioners of excife in jEng* thedomm^ land for the time being 3 and fuch of the faid rates and duties as iioners of ex-are impofed by this a& upon fpirituous liquors made and manu- cife in Eng^ factored, or imported into Scotland, (hall be under the receipt	r

and management of the commiftioners of the excife in Scotland £ eor for the time being; and the faid refpedive commiftioners of imported into, excife, or the major part of them, have hereby power, by coirr- Scotland, to be million under their refpeftive hands and feals, to constitute and under the appoint under them fuch officers as fhall be neceflaryJn that be- j^sootUnd?” half; and all monies arifingby the faid duties in Great Britain, Monies anfing or any part thereof, (the neceflary charges of raifing and ac- by the faid Counting for the fame excepted), fhall, from time to time, be t0 b* paid into the receipt of his Majefty's exchequer at JVtfttninJier, J^he^uer^ diftinctiy and apart from all other branches of the publick reve- apart from all nue, fubjeCt and liable to the ufes and purports herein-after others, mentioned.

XI. Provided always, and be it enabled by «he authority Additional ifbrefaid, That the additional rate or duty hereby charged upon duty °VTa,,l.v rum or fpirits, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the Britijb fugar plantations, imported into this kingdom, (hail be autice* paid and payable in fuch manner only, and under fuch regulations and reftridions, as the rates and duties of excife heretofore Vol. XXXIII,	F	-	chargc4

An additional

duty of 5 per cent, to be *

laid on all the be-fore mention* ed duties;

which (hall be collected and paid, Sec. agreeable to 19 Geo. 3 c.»5»

After July St 1780, <s. to be paid for every licence for Celling coffee, tea, or chocolate}

and no perfon to fell any of the faid goods without having taken out fuch licence.

Who fcatl grant fucb licences in England}

Anno viceGmct GEO.RGlj III. c.35.	[1780;

charged on fuch rum or (pirits are now by law paid and payable.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority atorefaid, That the feveral additional duties herein-before granted on iqalt, on low wines and (pirits made for home confumption, and on fpi* rituoiis liquors imported into Great Britain, (lull be moreover fubjedt and liable to an additional duty or impoft of five pounds. per centum on the produce and amount thereof; and ttyat fuch additional duty or impoft (hall be raifed and levied, colle&ed and paid, in the fame manner, and under the fame rules, regulations, powers and authorities, ways and ipeans, penalties and forfeitures, as the additional duty or charge of five pounds ptr centum, granted to his Majefty by an a& made ii the laft feflioa of parliament, (intituled, An aft for granting to bis Majejly additional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties Aider the manage-ment *f the rejpeftive commiff oners of thf cufioms and excife in Great Britain), are diredted to be collected and paid; and all monies arifing by the additional duty or impoft of five pounds per centum, by this adt impofed, (the neceflary charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted), (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diftindriy and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, fubjedi and' liable to the ufes and purpofes herein* after mentioned. '

XIII.	Andy for the more effectual raifing the faid fapply granted to bis faid Majefty, be it further enadled by the authority afore-faid. That, from and after the fifth day of Jufyy one tboufand feven hundred and eighty, there (hall be paid unto hjs Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, a duty of five (hillings for any licence to be taken out, in manner herein-after mentioned, by each perfon trading in, felling or vending* coffee, tea, or chocolate, or either of them.

XIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the fifth day of Jufyy one tboufand feven hundred and eighty, no perfon or perfons whatsoever, who now, or at any time or times hereafter, doth or (hall trade in, fell or vend, any coffee, tea, or chocolate, (hall prefume by him, her, or themfelves, or by any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, either publicklyor privately, to trade in, fell or vend any coffee, tea, or chocolate, or either of them, without firft taking out a licence for that purpofe in manner herein-after mentioned, before he, (he, or they, (hall trade in, fell, or vend, any coffee, tea, or chocolate; for which licence he, (he, or they, (hall, im-roediatdy upon taking out thereof, pay down for the fame the fum of five (hillings, in manner following; that is to fay. If (uch licence be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, then fuch licence (hall be granted under the hands and feals of two or more of his Majefty’s comxniffioners for the duties of excife for the time being, or of fuch perfon or perfons as the commiflioners of excife (hall from time to time appoint for that purpofe, and the duty for the feme (hall be paid at the chief office of excife in London; bqt if fuch licences

u	(hall

Digitized by v^»ooQle

*7$6.] Anrio ^Icefim6"0fe6RGlr lit C. '	6j

(hall be taken but in any part of Ehgland or Walet not2 within the faid limits, then fuch licencesto be granted under* (he hands and feals of the feveral collectors and fupervifors of excifc, within their refpeftive collections and diftri&s; and the faid duty of five Shillings (half be paid for the fame to the collector of excifc within whofe collection fuch licence (hall be fo granted: and in and who Tit cafe fuch licence (hall be taken but within the limits of the city Scotland, of Edinburgh; fuch licence (hall be granted under the hands and feals of two or more of his Majefty*s commiffiohers of excifc in Scotland for the time being, or of fuch perfon or perfons as the the commiflSoners of excifc in Scotland (hall from time to time appoint for that purpofe, and the duties for the fame (hall be paid at the chief office of excifc in Edinburgh; but if fuch licence (hall be taken out in any Other part of Scotland, without the limits aforefaid, then fuch licences (hall be granted under the hands and feals of the feveral collectors and fupervifors of excifc within their refpeetive Colleftions and diftri&Sj and the duties for the fame (hall be paid to the collectors of excifc within whofe collection fuch licence (hall be fo'gfahted; ancf fach refpective commiflioners of excifc, and the perfons fo to be appointed by them refpectively, arid alio alf fuch col lectors, are hereby refpectively authorised and required to graht and deliver fuch licences to the perfons who (hall apply for the fame, upon their payment of’five (hillings for each licence.

XV.	And be it further dha&ed by the authority aforefaid^ Howlkerrcvi That every perfon or perfons who (hall take out any fuch licence are to be jca as aforefaid; is and are hereby required to take out a freflv licence ncw<d*

ten days at leaft befrire the expiration bf twelve calendar months after taking out the’ firft licence, before he, (he, or they do prefume to trade in, fell or vend, any coffee, tea, <fr chocolate: and io the fame manner to renew eveiy fach licence* from year to year, paying down the like fum 6f five (hillings for e^ch and every new or renewed licence, inmam^r and at the places and times before mentioned: and if any perfon or perfons (hall, af- Penalty on ter the (aid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and felluig coffee* eighty, prefume or offer to trade in, fell or vend, any coffee, a	>

tea, or chocolate, without firft taking out fuch licence, and rer newing the fame yearly in manner atorefaid, he, (he, or they,

(hall refpedlively forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds for each offence.

XVI.	Provided always, That perfons in partnerfhip,- and perfontiiit tarrying on their trade or bufinefs of felling or vending coffee, pame./hip. tea, or chocolate, in one houfe or (hop only, fhall not be obliged not obliged^ to take out more than one licence in any one year, for carrying |*kcout ***** on fuch trade ; and that no licence which fhall be granted by c^e°for Gal-virtue of this a&. fhall authorife or impower any penon or pef- rying on trade fens, to whom the feme fhall be granted, to trade in, (ill, or in one houfe* vend, any coffee; tea,or chocolate, in any other houfe or place, &c*

except in fuch hoiifes or places thereto belonging, wherein he,

Aie, and they (hall inhabit and dwell at the time of granting fuchBeence;	* A '	*

Fa	XVII.	Anit

68	Anno	vicefimo	GeoROU	IIL	c. 35*	[1780:

The duties ou XVII. And, fir the bitter collefting, raifing, levying, end finer-licences to be ing, the duties by this eft impofii on linnets for dealing its, vending under the m». anj felling, coffee, tea, or chocolate; be it further enabled by the the commit- authority aforefaid, That fuch of the faid duties as are charged iioners of ex- upon fuch licences in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick cife ip England upon Tweed, (hall be under the management of the comtniffion-.

^ptland crs and officers of his Majcfty’s revenue of excife in England for re pectively» tfac tjmc being. an<i fuch Gf the faid duties as arc charged upon fuch licences jn Scotland (hall be under the management of the commiffioners and officers of excife in Scotland for the time being $ which faid feveral and refpedive commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them,(hall be his Majefty’s commiffioners for granting fuch licences; and the faid refpedive commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, have hereby power, by commiffion under their refpedive hands and feals, to conftitute and appoint under them fuch officers as (hall be necefiary in that behalf; and and to be paid all monies arifing by the faid licences, (the neceffarV charges of into the ex* raifing and accounting for the fame excepted), (hall, from time chequer apart t0 time, fac paid into the receipt of his Maiefty’s exchequer, dif-dutTes. °thCr	an(*	aPart fr°m a^ ot^cr branches °* lhe publick revenues,

fubied and liable to the ufes and purpofes herein-after mentioned.

A feparate XVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, account to be That there (hall be provided aqd Jtept in the office of the audi-auSitoiT* of- *or ^	°f exchequer, a book or books, in which

ficeofsll mo. the monies arifing from the faid feveral rates and duties, and niei^pud in. paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate by virtue of and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majcfty, this aft. fa*|S facirs aD(j fuccefTors, upon any account whatfoever; and the How tpbe ap- fajd money fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as afore* p ie *	faid, (hall, together with fuch other rates, duties, and revenues,

as (hall be.granted by any ad or ads of this feffion of parliament for this pqrpoie, be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities,, and all fuch other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable purfuant to an ad of this prefent feffion of parliament, (intituled. An aft for raifing a certain June of money by way of annuities, and for efiabhfinng a lottery.)

In cafe the XIX. And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, produce of the That if at any time or times it (hall happen that the produce bvtiSsaftmd*0^ l^e kvcral duties granted by this ad, together with the feve-other alts of ml other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in this feffion of this feffion, parliament, for the payment of the feveral annuities of four prove in- pounds per centum, and of one pound fixteen (hillings and three-pay^tbefeveral Pence Per centum, in refped of twelve millions borrowed in annuities purfuance of an ad of this prefent feffion of parliament, (inti-granted by tuled, An aft fir raifing a certain fum of money by way of ennui-the lottery aft, ^gSj anj fQr eflabli/bing a lottery,) (hall not be fufficient to pay and difeharge the annuity to be due and paid on the faid four pounds per centum annuities granted by the faid ad, for one quarter of a year, to the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and the feveral annuities of four pounds per centum from thenceforth payable half-yearly, as alfo the faid

an-

Digitized by t^ooQle

1780.] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 35.	69

annuity of one pound fixteen (hillings and three-pence per ten-turn, to continue for eighty years, from the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and then to ceafe, together with the other charges and expences attending the faid respective annuities, to be fatisfied and paid out of the fame, at the end of any or either of the half-yearly days of payment at Which the lame are directed by,the (aid aft to be paid; then, f . . - . and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fuch deficiency or defici- cyfaJu endes (hall and may be fupplied out of any of the monies, which fupplied out at any time or times (hall be or remain in the receipt of the of the finking exchequer of the furpluffes, excefles, overplus monies, and other * revenues, compofing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except fuch monies of the faid linking fund as are ap-propriated to any particular ufe or ufes, by any former aft or afts of parliament in that behalf,) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be, from time to time, ifiued and applied accordingly; and if at any time or times, before any monies of the faid fund, to be efiablilhed as aforefaid, (hall be brought into the exchequer as aforefaid, there (hall happen to be a want of money for paying the feveral annuities as aforefaid, which (hall be aftually incurred and grown due at any of the half-yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then, and in every (uch cafe, the money fo wanted (hall and may be fupplied out of the monies of the linking fund, (except as before excepted,) and be ifiued accordingly.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority which (hall be

aforefaid, That whatever monies (hall be ifiued out of the fink- "P111 °* Ing fund, (hall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the 5^ up* firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament.	v

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority In cafe of any

aforefaid, That in cafe there (hall be any furplus or remainder	trie

of the monies arifing by the faid fund, after the faid feveral and payment ofter refpeftive annuities, and all arrears thereof, are fatisfied, or the annuities, money fufficient (hall be referved for that purpofe; fuch furplus the feme (hall or remainder (hall, from time to time, be referved for the dif- ** r*C?v^|/or pofition of parliament, and (hall not be ifiued but by the autho- |^J|Sment? rity of parliament, and as (hall be direfted by future aft or afts ^

of parliament; any thing in any former or other aft or afts of parliament to tbe contrary notwithftanding.

XXII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. All the powers That all and every the powers authorities, direftions, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, relative to the which in and by an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign duties ofexcife of King Charles the Second, (intituled. An ah for taking away °n *c* tbe court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights andrecovenng fervid, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majejiy the faid duties, in lieu thereof) or by any other law now in force relating to his are to be ap-Majefty’s revenue of excife upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are PlL?.d ,n provided, fettled, or eftabliQied, for fecuring, enforcing, ma-

staging, railing, levying, collecting, paving, mitigating, or reco- the duties * vering, adjudging or alccrtaining, the duties or penalties thereby hereby grant-

F 3	granted,

70	Anno viccfimo GioRGH III. c. 56.	1780;

panted, and for preventing, detecting, and punifiitng frauds relating thereto, (other than in fuch cafes for which other pe* nalties or provisions are prefcribed by this aft, (hall be exercifetf, praftifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, afeertaining, recovering, and paying the feveral duties hereby . .	• granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as

if all and every the laid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the body of this prefent act.

Penalty on XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Seers otexcife That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall aflault, refiff, in executing oppofe, moleft, or hinder, any officer or officers of excife in the this aft. due execution of the powers or authorities given or granted to fuch officer or officers by this 'act, every perfon or perfons fo doing (hall forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

Penalties and XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, how-to b? re- That all finesr penalties, and forfeitures, impofedhy this act, covered and"	^ue<*	f°r> recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways,

applied. means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be fued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVejlminfter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, refpeftively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

Perfons fued XXV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid, for any thing That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be

anceof this*11" ^ucc* or	f°r	anY thing by him or them done or exe-

cuted in purfoance of this aft, or of any matter or thing in this aft contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or general iflue, thcjr defence; and if upon trial a verdift (hall pafs for the de-and recover fendant or defendants, of the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become treble coils, nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againff fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVI.

An afl for obviating doubts, touching the binding and receiving of poor children apprentices, in purfuance offeveral a fis of parliament made for the relief of the poor within particular incorporated hundreds or diftrifls ; and for afeertaining the fettlement of baftori children born in the houjes of induflry within fuch hundreds or dijlrifts.

Preamble. TXTHEREAS feveral ofis of parliament have of late years V V been made and faffed^ for the better relief and employment of tie poor in particular incorporated hundreds or Aijlri8s% within that pari of Great Britain called England, whereby power is given to

bind

Digitized by v^ooQle

i;8o.] Anno vicefuno Gborgii III. c. 3

bind poor children apprentices under certain reftriflions therein men-itoned: and whereas doubts have ari/en, whether perfons are compel-hbli to receive find provide for fuch poor children as /hall be appointed to be bound apprentices to them in purfuance of the /aid afts; be it therefore enaded by the King’s mpft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the twenty-fourth After June *4, day of June% one thousand feven hundred and eighty, the refpec- 17*0, all per-tive perfons to whom any poor children (hall be appointed to be fon# 1T*1?0* bound apprentices, in purfuance of any ad or ads of parliament	a^n

made and paflfed for the better relief and employment of the pointed robe poor in any particular incorporated hundreds or diftrids, within bound, in that part of Great Britain called England, (hall, and they are pursuance of. hereby required to receive and provide for fuch children, ac- relief of the cording to the indentures to be executed by the diredors and p00r in any ading guardians of the poor for fuch refpedive hundreds or particular di-diftrids, for the binding of fuch poor children, in like manner as perfons are now obliged by the laws in being to receive and oJJjJtopro. provide for poor children appointed to be bound apprentices by vide tor them, churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, with the aflent of two &c. juftices of the peace, and alfo to execute the counterpart of fuch indentures refpedively: and if any perfon, to whom any poor Penalty on child (hall be appointed to be bound apprentice, in purfuance fuch perfont of any fuch ad of parliament as aforefaid, (hall refufe or negled to receive and provide.for fuch poor child, or to execute the PUCh children, counterpart of the indenture for binding fuch child as aforefaid, every perfon fo refufing pr negleding, upon proof of fuch re-fufal or negled being made, by the oath of one of the diredors or ading guardians, or of fome other credible witnefs, before any two juftices of the peace *diqg in and for the county, liberty, or place, within which the incorporated hundred or diftrid tp which fuch child belongs (hall be fitijate, (hall forfeit and pay to the diredors and ading guardians <?f the poor for fuch incorporated hundred or diftrid,. or to their treafurer or appointee, to be applied to the relief of the poor within the fame, the fum of ten pounds ; fuch penalty or forfeiture to be May be levied levied, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the perfon refufing or hy diftrefa. negleding as aforefaid, by warrant under the hands tfnd feals of fuch juftices; faving always tq the perfon, to1 whom any poor Appeal to the child (hall be fo appointed to be bound an apprentice, his or her quarterTt/Hon, appeal to the next general or quarter feffion of the :peacefor com^lWMe that county, liberty or place, whofe order therein (hall be final, to take a poor II. Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained child appren* (hall be conftrued to compel any perfon to take any fudvpopr child apprentice as aforefaid, unlefs fuch perfon fhall be an tan^&c. 0fth* inhabitant and occupier of lands, tenements, dr here-parifh. ditaraents, in the pariflh to which fuch child belongs; and that Baftard^b^rn all baftard children born or to be born in the houfe of ioduftry	^

within any fad*incorporated hundred or diftrid? (haH be.deetn- be’.ong^the ed to belong tp tb? pan(h qr place where tha. mother	mothfri

fraftard child was legally fettled.	parifli.

F+	C	A	p;

Digitized b ^Google

Preamble.

Recital of 19 Geo. 3. c. io.

7*,	Anno	vicefimo	Georgii	III.	c.	yj.	[1780.

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft to continue, for a limited time, fo much of an aft, made in the lafl fijfion of parliament, for the more eafy and better requiting his Majefty’s land forces and marines, as relates to the encouragement oj volunteers*

WHEREAS an aft was made in the lofl fejfton of parliament, intituledAn adt for repealing an aft, made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for the more eafy and better recruiting of his Majefty* s land forces and marines; and for fubftituting other and more effectual provifions in the place , thereof; to continue in force until the firjl day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and no longer; and it is found expedient, that fo much of the jaid aft, as relates to the encouragement of volunteers, JhGUtd be continued $ be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That ^	ofthe all the provifions, claufes, matters, and things, in the faid a&

relates to the Contained, fo far as the fame relate to the encouragement of encourage- volunteers to inlift in his Majefty’s fcrvicC, arid the feveral pri-mentof yolun- vileges, immunities, and advantages therein given and granted teeratoinUft to'fuch volunteers, their wives and families, and alfo to the fty's fervtce^ ^me ^or which fuch volunteers (hall be inlifted; and alfo all &c. continued provifions relating to the entering the names, deferiptions, and until May i, terms of fervice, of every fuch volunteer, in the publick book 178s.	0f the regiment or company to which he (hall belong, on his

being inlifted or draughted, (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be, continued from the faid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, until the firft day of Map, one thoufand fever* hundred and eighty-two, ind from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enabled in this prefent abl.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aft to vejl certain meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trujlees, for the better fecuring his Majefty S decks, Jbips, and Jlores, at ‘Plymouth and Sheernefs 5 and fir better defending the paffage of the river Thames at Graveferid and Tilbury Fort.

WHEREAS, by reafon of the bojlile intentions of the courts of France and Spain to invade thefe realms, and of the great preparations made tn the faid kingdoms for that purpofe, it is become abfolutely necejfary, for the prefent andfuture proteftion and fecurity, as well of bis Majeflfs docks, Jbips of war, and Jlores, at Plymouth and Sheernefs, as of the paffage of the river Thames at Gravefend and Tilbury Fort, f* ereft and raife additional fortifications and in-trenchments near the fame :-and whereas the lands herein-after mentioned, lying near the faid docks Plymouth and Sheernefs* and alfo near the paffage of the river Thames at or near Gravefend and Tilbory Fort aforejaii, are wanted for the purpofe of being made

■ */«

Preamble.

Digitized by

Google

GeorcSii IH. c.

ufe tf to ere ft and raife Jvtb fortifications and intrtncbmenls: and whereas many of the owners and proprietors of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, necejfary to be turchefed* may infifi on large and extravagant demands for the purcbafe of fueh lands* tenements* and kreditaments* or for the damage and injury they may pretend that they JboUfufiain by reafon of fuch foriipctittoth and intrenchments : and whereas many perfons may pretend or claim to have title to the < fame lands* tenements* or hereditaments* fi that it may be doubtful to whom a tompenfation ought to be made* which cannot be determined without the aid of parliament; to the end therefore that the true arid real value of fuch lands* tenements* and hereditaments* may be after-tamed* and the aftual and real owners and proprietors may have a juft endreafonable fatisfaftion for fuch lands, tenementsi and hereditaments, or for any claim or right thereto; may it pleafe your Majejiy that it way be enafted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice arid confent of the lords fpiri-tuai and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all that piece or parcel of ground, called or known by the name of mount Certain parcels Pkafant* containing by eftimation fix acres, be the fame more of grounded or lefs, fituate, lying, and being in the parifh of Stole Damerell* in the county of Devon* and all tenements and hereditaments longing, Otn-thereto belonging, now or late in the tenure or occupation of ate near * Matthew Dixon, John Spurred* and Samuel Pyle •* and alfo all Plymouth! that piece or parcel of ground, containing by eftimation feven acres, bi tfie fame more or lefs, fituate, lying, and being, near the manor pound in the parifh of Stole Damerell, in the faid count? of Devon* together with a ftone pound thereon eredted, and all tenements arid hereditaments to the faid piece or parcel of ground belonging or appertaining, now or late in the tenure or occupation of Nicholas Farr* Orlando Loclyer, and Richard Vnjyan WiPisford; arid alfo all that piece or parcel of ground, containing by eftimation feven acres, be the fame more or Jels, fituate, lying, and being in the midway from Mount Pleafant to Keybom Point in the faid parifh of Stole Damerell* and all tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the tenure or occupation of John Hill* William Aujiin, and Sufanna Croad; and alfo all that piece or parcel of ground called or known by the name of Dodges Hill* containing by eftimation four acres, be the fame more or lefs, fituate, lying, and being in the parifh of Stole Damerell aforefaid, and all tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the tenure or occupation of MaryConnicl* Nicholas Mill* George Lier* Magnes Dawe* William Davies* John James Hicks* James Tredimicl, John Elis* John Bf*tr* Francis Kelley, Elizabeth Lamb* Jufiinia Toms* James Dam* Ann Poppleflone* William Indicott* William Jenkins* Francis Cuke* William Palmer* John Stephenfony and Benjamin Andrews ; and alfo all that piece or parcel of ground, containing by eftimation twelve acres, be the fame more or lefs, fit,gate, lying, and being on StoHebonfe Hill* in the parifh of Eajl Stpnehoufe fit the laid county of Devon, and all tenements and hertditaments ; •	thereto

Anno vicefimo

38- .	73

Digitized by

Google



Anno vkefimjt) Geo^gii III- C. 38.	[	1780;

thereto belonging, now or late in the tenure or occupation of Luie Dunn, Thomas Tf'arne, and Su/anna Croad; and alfo all that piece or parcel of ground, containing by eftimation twenty acres, •be the fame more or lets, fituate,lying, and being on the heights

7i/fnipr^ in the nari/K rtf’ TLf/ib** in the rnnnti/ of	and

of Maker y in jhe parifh of Malar in the county of Devony and all tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late .in the tenure or occupation of the right honourable the lord Edgecumibey 'John Eager y John Lajkeyy JVilliam Elworthy? and Thomas Edwards; and alfo all that piece or parcel of ground,

, containing by eftimation twenty acres, be the fame more or left, fituate, lying, and being near Tor Point, in the parifti of Anthony in the county of Cornwall, and all tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the tenure or occupation of Thomas Graves, John Jeffery,, Abraham Robertand John HiU\ and alfo all that piece or parcel of ground, containing by eftimation thirty acres, be the fame more or lefs, fituate, lying, and being at Mount Batteny in the parifh of Plymfock in the faid county of Devon% together with a round tower ereded thereon, and all tenements and hereditaments to the faid piece or parcel of ground belonging or appertaining, now or late in the tenure or occupation of Cbrijlopher Roufe; and alfo all that piece or and alio ctr- parcel of land, containing by eftimation twenty-fix acres or ***** P**]?^* °f thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, now or late in the tenure inMt*there-6 or occupation of John Holdeny fituate, lying, and being in the unto belong* parifti of	in	the county oF Kenty abutting eaft

ing, in or near on the high-water mark, and weft on certain lands belonging to to Gravefend his Majefty, and all tenements and hereditaments to the faid piece or parcel of ground belonging or appertaining; and alfo all tbofe pieces or parcels of land, containing by eftimation twenty-nine acres or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, fituate, lying, and being in the faid parifti of	,	abutting

north on the road to the ferry, eaft upon a certain creek dividing the faid piece of land from other lands late belonging to Hofur ' Hart efquire deceafed, and fouth to the high-water nark adjoining to the footway leading fromSheernefs to ^ue^.tboroughy and aU tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging, being late the property of the faid Hofur Hart; which faid pieces or parcels of land laft mentioned now or late were in the tenure or occupation of Thomas Belly the widow Leey John Dickfony and others; and alfo all thofe feveral pieces of land, confiding of garden ground and fields, now or late the property of Frauds pVadman cfqiiirc, containing by eftimation twenty-fix acres or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, fituate, lying, and being in the parifti of Gravefend in the county of Kent9 abutting welt on the road leading to the new tavern in the town o( Gravefendy fouth on the road leading from Gravefend to Milton and Chatbam9 and north on certain lands the property of Sarah Gordon of Ro-defier widow, and alf tenements and hereditaments thereto bplonging, now or late in the tenure or occupation of	,;

* and alio all that piece or parcel of land, now or late the property 1 pf the faid $arab Gordon, containing by eftimation.feven acres or

there-

and Tilbury Fort,

Digitized by kjOOQle

i79o.j Anno vicfcfimo Georg* III. ^ 38.	75

tbenatovtA, brth*frme n»<OT orlefv lying,aod£fcteg r •	■«.

in tbe raid parifh of Gravifen^, abutting (outbid w§ft upon tfaj:	•■	•>	-	j	.

land* hdrein-before Jaft deferred, and north on tfie tank w,(bp xiw Thants* and all tenements and hereditaments thereto h$-Joogiag, now or late in the tenure or occupation of	^

and alfo all that piece or parcel of land, containing by eflimar iion one acre and three roods or thereabouts, be'the jfame naorp or Ids, fituate, lying, aod. being near Tilbury Fort* in the of	,	ill	the	county	of Iffix, e#tefldiog frpip

north-caft to fouth-weft from a certain bank called Xke,M#Wr way9 and all tenements and hereditaments thereto -belonging, now or late iri the tenure or occupation of 4	,	(ball

be, and are hereby veiled and fettled, and declared and taken to veiled in. be in the a&ual and real pofleflion and feizin of the right lio- truftee*. nourable fir Fletcher Norton fpeaker of the houfe of commons, fir William Lemon baronet, Edward Eliot efquire, John Parker efquire, John Rolle efquirey the honourable Charles Marjhamy Thomas Knight junior efquire, John Luther e(quire, and Thomas Berney Bramflon efquire, their heirs and afligns for ever, in truft never the lefs for fuch perfon pr perfons, bodies politick or corporate, ecclefiaftical or civil, as, at or immediately before the time of making this ad, were the feveral and re(pe&ive owners and proprietors thereof, according to their feveral eftates and interefts therein, at tbe fame time, in pofleflion, reverfion, remainder, or otherwise, until fuch efiatesand interefts (hall be refpedively adjudged and determined, or pofleflion thereof taken by the principal officers of hi* Majefty’s ordnance or engineers, or other officers ailing, under their authority, which they are hereby impowered to do whenever it (ball be found neceflary for his Majefty’s fervice ) and the feveral fgm or fums of money, and intereft for the fame, after the rate of five pounds per centum for one year, for the grofs fum that (hall be atielled for the true and real value, thereof, in manner and form as is herein-ab^r mentioned and expeefled, (hall be paid,	#	V"

II. Aod be it further enabled by the authority aforefalJ, Reafonable That reafonable and juft compenfation apd fatisfa<5lion (hall Jpp compenfadwi made out of the next aids to be granted in parliament, for arid Jhepr^rietor* in refpedof the.ftid lands^tenements andhe^ddaments, before- outof the next mentioned, to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politicjc parliamentary and corporate, ecclefiaftical and civil. %	aidf*

IH, And be it further; enabled by tbe authority aforefaid, HisMajeftv That, for the better afeenaining the feveral owners and propri- |™|^e7ten? cron of the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and their underShV11'’ rdjpe&ive titles and claims thereto, it (hall and may be lawful great feal, to to and for his Majefty, by one or more, comm iffion or commif- appoint com-fioos by letters patent under tbe great feal of Great Britain^ to amhdnze and appoint any number of perfons to be commifir- cuTdm tn^be oners to hear and determine all titles and claims that (hall or raid lands# ku mav be made to the faid lands, tenements, ^nd hereditament, ^ . x or to any part or parcel thereof s wh^h -Commiflioners fo to'bp-'"‘ ’ appointed, or any fivc or more Qf them, are hereby authorifed ■'

and

Digitized by L.OOQ le

4

y6	Anno	vicefifno	Gkorgii	III. c. 3$.	[1780.

How they are and required, and (hall and may in a luminary manner proceed, to proceed. adt, and determine, by and upon the teftimony of witnefle* upon oath, (which oath they, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to admimfter,) infpedion, and examination of deeds, writings and records ; or, if requefted by the parties interefted, by inqueft of twelve good and lawful men, to be impannelled and fworn in manner herein-after mentioned and direded, or by all or any of the faid ways, or otherwife, according to their diferetion, all and all manner of rights, eftates, and interefis, and all controverfies, debates and queftions, which (hall happen and arife between any perfon or perfons whomfoever, <or any other matter qr thing relating to any of the pretnifes, or any part thereof; and (hall have power to lend for any perfon or perfons, and oblige them to produce their deeds or writings upon oath relating to any of the fame pre-mifes, and alfo (hall and may, by agreement with the refpedtive /	perfon or perfons that (hall be determined to be the owners and

proprietors of the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or by the faid inqueft of the faid twelve good and lawful men to be impannelled and fworn, inquire, proceed, adt, and determine, touching and concerning the true and real value of the laid premifes, or any part or parcel thereof; and the faid com-J“df***Bt* miflioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby required to commtffioneri cau*"e 'heir judgements and decrees to be entered fairly in to be entered books, which judgements and decrees (hall expreftly mention ia books, tee. and. fpedfy the refpedlive houfe or houfes, or other mefiiiages or tenements, number of acres or parcels of land, with their (even! abuttals and boundaries, together with the name or names of every perfon or perfons interefted refpedively in the fame, and the relpedtive fum or fums that (hall be fo agreed for or afiefied by the faid jury to be paid for the fame refpedtively, which judgements and decreet (hall likewife be fairly ingrofied on parchment, and certified to the clerk of the crown in chancery, and to the King’s remembrancer in bis Majefty’s court of exchequer; and luch judgements and decrees made as aforefeid (hall be final, and (hall conclude all and every perfon and per-fons, bodiesjjoli tick and corporate, ecdeGaftical .and civil, their heirs, fucceffors, executors, adminiftrators, and alligns refpec-tivelv, notwithftanding any difability or incapacity whatfoever, any law, ftatute, or cuftom, or other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithftanding; copies of which faid judgements and decrees (hall be laid forthwith before both fore both houfes of parliament, that a juft and reafonable compenfation boufe* of and fatisfadtion may be made to the feveral-owners and propri-parliament. etors of the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforeiaid, Comufionm That, for the better carrying the faid commifiion orcommifiions, toifluethrir into execution, the faid commiffioners to be appointed in and teriiftto fum-	^ commifiion or commilfions or any five or more of

moil juries i * them, (hall and lawfully may, and are hereby authorifed and re-, quired to ifitie forth their warrant or warrants, under their hands

and

Digitized by LjOOQle

1780*} Anno vicefimo Georgii HI. <5.38#	77

and Teals, to be directed to the refpe&ive (heriffs <$f the relpedivd counties wherein fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments (hall* fie thereby commanding them refpedively to impannel,’ fum-xnon, and return, before the faid commiifioners, at fuch times and places as fhall be appointed ip fuch warrant or warrants, a good and fufficient jury of twenty-four good and lawful men, qualified to ferve upon juries, at the affizes for the laid refpeflive counties, who, upon their oaths, (which oath the faid com- who are to in-mUfioners, or any five or more of them, fhall have power to Ruire th* adminifter,) (hall inquire into the true and real value of the faid	lands,

lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and every part or parcel * * thereof, and who refpe&ively are the owners and proprietors thereof, and their refpedtive eftates and inrerefts therein: and the better to enable the faid jurors to make fuch inquire, the faid commiffioners (hall and lawfully may dire&, in fuen their warrant or warrants to the faid refpedive (heriffs, a view to be taken, by fix or more of the faid jurors, of the feveral lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the faid refpeAive counties, at fome time previous to the meeting of the faid commiifioners: Sheriff* to and the (heriffs of the faid counties refpedtively, upon the re-	I!31™*

ceipt of fuch warrant or warrants from the faid commiifionersaccordingly, as aforefaid, are hereby required to impannel, fummon, and return, twenty-four good and lawful men, qualified to ferve upon juries at the alfizes for the faid refpe&ive counties, and in the mean time to have fix or more of the faid jurors, fo impannelled and fworn, to view the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in their refpedlivc counties; and at the return of Tuch warrant or warrants, to attend the (aid commiifioners, with his or their bailiffs or officers^ to prove, if neceflary, the fummons of the jurors fo to be impannelled and returned refpediyely, opoo oath, (which oath the faid commiifioners, or any five or more of them, fhall have power to adminifter to the faid refpec-thre (heriffs, and their bailiffs and officers, or any or either of them:) and in cafe the faid Iheriff or fheriffs, and his or their Penalty on bailiffs and officers, or any or either of them, (hall negled or lhwiff« or their refute (being duly ferved with fuch warrant or warrants of the fad commiifioners fourteen days before the return thereof) tp ™ impannel. fummon, and return, fuch jury of good and lswfol men as aforefaid, or otherwife refufe to execute fuch warrant or warrants, or (hall not atteqd the faid commiifioners with his or their bailiffs and officers who (hall fummon the faid jurors, at the return of fuch warrant or warrants as aforefaid; then, and in tithcr of the faid cafes, the faid commiifioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorifed and required to impofe a fine on fuch (heriffs, bailiffs, and officers, or any or either of them, fo making default, not exceeding twenty pounds, nor left than ten pounds, for any one offence; and in cafe the faid ju- and allooa ton, to to be impannelled, fummoned, and returned, pr any or iwon. either of them, (nail negle& or refufe to appear at the return of fitch warrant or warrants, and to be fworn for the purpofes aforefaid, then and in fitch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and

for

Digitized by booQle

7*	AnncPvicefifno	GeorGii HI. 6. 38.

fty thelaid coranriiflfioncrs then aflembled and met,oranv five or ifidre of thfem, to impofea fine upon each and every of the jurors 15 impannelled, futrimoned, and returned, and (without lawful cfxcufe, to be allowed of by the faid commiffioners then fitting, Ot/the major part pf them,) making default, or refafing to be lVorH,;no\ exceeding the fum of ten pounds of lawful money ofBritain; whjch fine and fines, fo to be impofed and r^ fetp the laid commiffioners are hereby authorifed and required ' tp'eflreat into his Majefty’s court of exchequer, to b* levied to ' ....tWufe of his Majefty.'	'

In cafe a foffi- V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That cientjury (hall ih tale a fufficient jury (hall not appear upon the return of the not appear (§td* warrant or warrants to take the inqueft, it (hall and may t^warran”0* be	to and for the faid commiffioners, or any five or more

commiffioners of theta, to adjourn the faid inqueft to any future day, not ex-may adjourn cfceding fourteen days, nor lefs than four days, from the ad-thV*TClh * j^bftttaent thereof, and to iffue out their warrant or warrants wariauthorf°r ^mpannelHng, fammoning, and returning, an equal number ^mmoning	of jdrors to thofe fo making default, who, together with the

other jurors	jurofs before returned, by the (heriffs of the refpedive counties

in room of ppon Inch fecond warrant or warrants afterwards to be ifiued, defaulters. Dr u^n any fmurQ warrant or warrants, adjournment or adjournments, which the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorifed to Mire and make, from time to time, until a fufficient jury can be had, (hall inquire- as afore-kid*	'	!

Com million- .VI. Provided .always. That twelve good and lawful menj ers, after the (hall be fufficient to take the inqueft aforefaid; and that in cafe inq-ft (hall twelve or more, hot exceeding twenty-three in the whole, (hall adjourn"&c.ay	Pear> anc* bc ty0™, to take fuch inqueft, then and in fuch

%	9	cafe the faid commiffioners (hall continue and fit, frqm day ro

day* until the faid inqueft (hall be taken, and, after the inqueft lhal! be taken, may adjourn to feme future day for making their judgement^ and decrees thereon.

CommHTtoners Vll. yfnd, to the intent that no perfon or perfons may have anj to give notice cauj} or pretence for not appearing to make out their claims or title to t^irrefplc-	lands > tenements, or hereditaments, or any part or parcel

live meetings, thereof^be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That five or more of the faid commiffioners (hall give notice, in writing, twenty-one days at lead before their meeting at each place, which writing (hall be affixed at the gates of the refpedtive docks of Plymouth and Sheernefs, and on the door of the refpec-tive town-halls of Plymouth and Rocbejler, and on the rcfpe&ive • church doors of the parilhes wherein the town of GravefcndmA Tilbury Fort are fituate, and (hall likewife be publifhed in the flow they are London Gazette; and if any perfon or perfons (hall negledl or to procec<nf refufe to appear, or when he or they (hall appear, (hall wilfully default in*^ tcfofe to (hew his or their deeds or writings relating to the pre-appearing, &c. mife.s, that then the faid commiffioners, or any five or more ol tfiem, and the jurors to be impannelled and fwom upon fuch ‘iaqueft, (hall proceed, upon the bed information they can get ot

havcj

Digitized by

Anrio vicefimo Georgii III. Q. 38.A	79°

have, to make fuch inqueft, judgements, and decrees, as before -direded; and all fuch judgements and. decrees, being entered and certified as aforefaid, (hall be final and cqnclufive.', ‘ ' v'

VIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,Onpaymentof

That immediately Aom and after the time that payments	:

be nude of the fum and fums of money fo to be agreed for or &Cm	to

aflefled by the faid jgry, and decreed and adjudged by the faid be deemed commiflioners, or any five or more of them, to the owners and rcizcd.of the proprietors of the (bid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, the^feo/hia herein before mentioned, or to any or either of them, the tru- Mayfly.

ftecs herein-before mentioned (hall be deemed and adjudged to

Hand feifed of (ucK part ^nd parcel of the T^id premilesas (hall ,	"

be fo paid for, to and fqr the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and;

fucceffors, forever, freed ar*d difcharged.of and from all and alt '

manner of right, title, claim, and demprid yyhatfo<ever, that can

or may be made by any perfon or perfons, bodies jppliticjc or’

corporate, ccclefiaftical or civil.

IX.	And be it further'ena&ed by*the authority aforefaid, Commiflioners That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflip- to examine ners, or any fivc^r more of them, upon the complaint of any L^ntsof owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of any other lands, owners of ad-tenements, and hereditaments, adjoining to any part of the joining lands, lands,tenements, and*hereditaments, by this zA vefted in Jthe_&c-and to ,f faidtruftees, that he, (he, or they, have received any damage by ^^ee^fntbo?T•! the eredingor completing of the faid fortifications and intrench- damages merits, or of any of the works thereto belonging, to examine c#ve*f« .. into and hear every 6ich complaint, and (hall make an eftimatg

offoch damage* and;(hall return fuch eftimate with, and in the" manner they are hereiti-before diredted to return the aforefaid • judgements and decrees.

X.	And be it further cnadted by. the authority aforefoid. How the pro-That no private building or buildings (hall be made or ereefted *hs of land* upon any of the lands vefted by. this &A as aforefaid; and that ^J^1^^ the whole profits arifing, or that (hall hereafter arife', from the.^ applied. hidJands, be, and are hereby appropriated and applied fpf and

towards the eredlion and reparation .jp)t the refpective fortifications and intrenchments of each place, and to no other ufe or purpofe whatsoever; and all and (ingular the premiles (hall be^ and are hereby enadied and declared to be, unalienable from the crown; neither (hall any part of the premifes be demifed pr demifcable, otherwife than during pleafure only.

XL Provided always, and be it cnadled, That no commifllo- Commiffioneri net, who (hall be employed in the execution of this adt, (hall be “J*	5°

liable, for or by repfon, of fuch execution, to any of the penal- Inen^fonedlSi ties mentioned in an adl, made in the twenty-fifth year of the an aft of *5 feign of King Charts the Second, intituled, An aft for preventing Car. 2 § dangers which may happen from Popilh recufants; or in one other or in 1 Gul. U ad, made in(thc firrf year of the reign of King JPilliam and Mar* c Queen Marjy intituled. An aft for the abrogating the oaths of M and 14Gul* jupremacy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths; or in one other c‘** ad, made in the parliament holden in the thirteenth and four-

'	teentb

Digitized by

Google

to

i Geo. f'C.xj.

CommUBonert not difquali-fied from being members of parliament.

Preamble. Recital of the navigation ad is Ur. t.

Anno viccfimo Georgii Hi. c. $g~. [ty

teenth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An aft for the hitter fecurity of bis Majeftys perfon, and the fuccejftm of the crown in the proteftant line; and/or extinguijbing the hopes of the pretended Prince ofWales, and all other pretenders, and their open and fecret abettors; of in one other aft, made in the parliament begun and holden in the firft year of the reign of King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for the better fecurity of his Majejlfs perfon and government, and the fucccjjion of the crown in the heirs of the late' Princefs Sophia, being protejlants \ and for extinguijbing the hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and bis open arid fecret abettors.

XII.	Provided al(o, and be it ena&ed. That fuch cotnouf-fioners as his Majefty (hall nominate for the purpbfes m this adt, or any of them, (hall not by reafon thereof in any fort be difajb]ed or difqualified from fitting in the houle of commons, dr their.eledlion thereby become void; any law or ftatute to the contrary therCoFin any wife notwithftariding.

C A P. XXXIX.

An aft to admit to ah entry in this kingdom, under certain refrie-tions, tobacco imported not direftfy from the place of its growth or produce y and for granting an additional duty on Jucb tobacco, during the prefent boflititm. ~

WHEREAS^ an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An adt for the encouraging and increafing of (hipping and navigation,) r7 wasf among/l other things enafted, That no goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufafture of Africa, Afia, or America, /ball be imported or brought into England, Ireland, Wales, the ijlands of Guernfey or Jerfey, of town oj Berwick upon Tweed, from ay other place or placts, country or countries, but only from thofe of the faid growth9 produftion or manufafture, or from thofe parts why re the faid goods end commodities can only, or are, or . ufudlly have been, firft /hipped for tranfportation, and from none other places or countries, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all fuch of the aforefaid goods as Jhall be imported from any other place or country, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft; and alfo- of the firip in which they were imported, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, apparel: and whereas, during the prefent rebellion of the colonies in hmtrxcz, feveral parcels of tobacco of the growth of the faid colonies, which have efcaped the capture of Britifh cruizers, have been imported into fome of the neutral ijlands in the Weft Indies, where they have been purebafed by fome of his Majejlfs fubjefts not in rebellion, and thence conveyed to fome Briti(h ifland in the Weft Indies, where they have been admitted to entry: and from whence they have been imported into this kingdom upon payment of or fecurity given for the payment of the Britifti plantation duties: and whereas doubts have arifin refpefting the legality of fuch importation into the faid Britifh ijlands in the Weft Indies, as alfo of the importation thereof from the faid ijlands into this kingdom: and whereas it is mamfefly

for

Digitized by

Google

I7$b] Anno vicefimo GEokGirill. c.$g.	81

for the benefit of the revenue and navigation of this kingdom, to permit the faid trade, and to exempt from the forfeitures and penalties above mentioned, any parcels of the aforefaid tobacco, which having been tranfhipped at fea on board fuch vefjeis which brought the fame from Saint Euttatia, and other neutral ijlands, have not been landed at any ifland or other place in the Britifh dominions in America, from which the fame may lawfully be imported in o this kingdom: may it therefore pleafe your Moje/ly that it may be enabled} and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ^nd confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Tobicco, tb# owners of fuch tobacco fo imported, or which (hall or may be S^lTcolo1.^ imported into this kingdom, before the firft day of January, one nie* in Am«ri-thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, to enter and pay the ca, imported duties due and payable for fuch tobacco, without incurring any from * he neu-penalty or forfeiture whatfoever, for or by reafon of fuch impor-	^eft	In!*

tation j and the faid tobacco fo entered or to be entered, and the dies, &c before (hips or veflels in which the fame was or may be fo imported as Jan. i. 1781, aforefaid, (hall be releafed and difcharged from any Seizure or be enter-forfeiture on account of fuch importation; any thing in the faid [ncu^ng^nv recited ad, or any other ad, toihe contrary notwithftanding. pcnaiiy ?	*

IL And,> for obviating any doubts or difficulties that may here- And after Jan. * after arife by fueh importations^ it is hereby further enaded and f> i78i, any * declared by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the f»»ch tobacco, firft day of January, one thoufand feven. hundred and eighty- during one, any tobacco, being the growth or produce of any part of the Britijb dominions in Americay which, during the conti- (hall belanded nuance of the prefent hoftilities, (hall be bona fide imported in*o at any Briiilh aod landed at any Britijb ifland in the IVtfi Indies, from any *n ifland or place in America or the TVeJl Indies \n amity with his fr0m a neutral Majefty, his heirs or his fucceffors, (hall and may be imported p0rt, may be diredly from fuch Britijb ifland, and (hall and may be entered imported di-aod landed in this kingdom upon payment of the proper du- [ ties due thereon; provided the matter* or perfon having the command or charge of the veflel in which the fame (hall be prov*,ded the imported, (hall produce and deliver to the colledor, or other mailer of the proper officer of the cuttoms at the port of importation, at the veflel (hall protime he makes his report, a certificate, under the hand and ducetothe fcal of office of the colledor and comptroller, or other principal o$Ce™at°the officer of the cuttoms, of the Britijb ifland where fuch tobacco port of im-was laden and taken on board, certifying that the faid tobacco portajion a was fo laden and taken on boarti there, and naming the ifland -proper cerd* or place from which fuch tobacco was fo imported; and fuch ficat*» c* tobacco (hall alfo be accompanied with the cuttomary manifetts aod other documents, and (hall in all other refpeds be fubjed and liable to the fame fecurities, rules, regulations, reftridions, penalties, and forfeitures, as tobacco the growth or produce of any Britijb colony or plantation is or may be fubjed and liable to, by any ad or ads of parliament now in force.

III.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- tuch tobacco Vox.. XXXIII.	G	laid	may be iu*-

Digitized by Google

Anno viitftno Georgii III. c. 39.	[1780.

ported in Bri- faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to import in Britijh (hips fro Vt^^neu or ve^s* navigated according to law, any tobacco of the triImport into growth or produce of any part of the Britijh dominions in the Hntifh America, from any ifland or place in amity with his Majefty, Wtft Indies, into any Britijh ifland in the IVfft Indies; and that the tobacco fo imported into fuch Britijh ifland, (hall not be liable to feizure or confifcation.

For all tobac- IV. And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore-co, the pro- ^ faid, That for all tobacco of the growth or produce of any America,1"im*	c°l°ny 0T plantation in America or the Wejl Indies, which,

ported as be from and after the firfl day of January, one thoufand feven fore mention- hundred and eighty-one, (hall be imported into this kingdom, cd, pfter Jan. from any ifland or place from whence the fame may be law-ce V^nze'to- Sported, not being the ifland or place of the growth or bacco) there produce of fuch tobacco except tobacco taken and condemned as (hall be paid prize,) there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid unto his an additional Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, an additional duty of one penny o hd- ^or cvery Pound weight of fuch tobacco, which (hall be paid down befidesthe ad* »n ready money, without any difeount or deduction whatfoever; ditional 5 per and (hall be alfo fubjedt and liable to an additional import or cent, granted duty 0f five pounds per centum, in the fame manner, and under by 19 Geo. 3, tfie fame regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per c‘	centum is granted to his Majefty by an adt made in the laft fef-

fion of parliament, (intituled. An alt for granting to bis Majejly ' additional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the refpeflive commiffioners of the cufloms and excife in Great Britain.)

New duty to V. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-be collected faid, That the faid duty herein-before granted, (hall be raifed, and recover- levied, colledled, paid, and recovered, in fuch manner and form, farae^rna'nne^ anc* fuch ways, means, and methods, and under fuch penal-as the former ties and forfeitures, (except where any alteration is made by duties on t > this acl,) as the former duties now payable to his Majefty bacco,(except upon fuch tobacco are raifed, J’vied, paid,* and recovered, as b^this a£t *)d ^Y anc* effectually, to intents and purpofes, as if the fe-^ 1	*	veral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, re-

fpedtivelv relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again and to be paid enacted in the body of this prefent a<t; and (ball be paid into into the <rx- the hands of the receiver-general of the cuftoms in England, chequer by anti (hall be by him paid (the neceflary charges of railing, col-*enepafoY11"e	an(* anfwering the fame, only excepted) into the re-

cultoms,0	ceipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diftinct and apart from all other

monies which luch receiver-general (hall receive for the ufe of his Majvfty, for the ufes and purpofes in this act mentioned. Afeparate VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefeid, account to be That there (hail be provided and kept in the office of the audi-kept m tne t(>r 0f tjie faj<| receipt of exchequer a book or books, in which Hce of alVnio fbe rnon*es arifing from the duties hereby granted, and paid ni«*spa*d n. by into the laid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and virtue of this apnrt from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, aCt*	lxis heirs and fucceffors, upon any account whatfoever ; and the

faid

Digitized by VjOoq le

1780.] Anno vlccfinfio Georgii III. 0.40'.	83

fa d money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as afore- How to be ap-faid. (hall, together with fuch other rates, duties, and revenue^, Piied* as (hall be granted by any a d or ads of this feffion of parliament for this purpofe, be a fund for the payment of the feve-ral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences as are direded to be paid and payable purfuant to an ad of this prefent feflion of parliament, (intituled, An aft for raifing a certain fum if money by way of annuities * and for ejlablifhing a lottery.)

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by Upon expor-the authority afotefaid. That upon the exportation of fuch to- tation of luch bacco from this kingdom to any part beyond the feas as mer- tobacco, a chandize, the exporter (hall be paid and allowed a drawback of fallowed of all the before-mentioned duties paid upon the importation of an the duties fuch tobacco by virtue of this ad; which drawback or allowance paid upon im-(hall be made in fuch manner, and under fuch rules, regula- pprtation by tions, penalties, and forfeitures, in all refpeds, as any former ^tue thli drawback or allowance, payable out of the duties of cuftoms

upon the exportation of fuch tobacco, was, could, or might be made, before the palling of this ad.

VIII.	And be it further,enaded by the authority aforefaid, Continuance That this ad (hall continue in force during the prefent hoftili- °fad, ties, and no longer.

CAP. XL.

An aft to repeat fo much of an aft, made in the fifteenth year of his Majejly's reign (for fettling Buckingham Houfe upon the Queen, in lieu of Somerjfet Houfe\ and for other purpofes), as enables the tommiffioners of his Majejly s treafury to apply the [urns neceffary for completing Somerfct Houfe, out of the aids granted for naval firuices, or out of any of the revenues arifing frem the receipt of the feveral offices to be erefted and eflablifhed by virtue of the faid aft.

WHEREAS by an aft, ntadt in the fifteenth year of the prcam^ reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An ad for fettling Buckingham Houfe with the appurtenances upon the Queen, in j^cal ot cafe (he lhall furvive his Majefty, in lieu of his Majefty's palace °C0, 3‘ «*33* of Somcrfet Houfe; for enabling the lords commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury to fell and difpofe of Ely Houfe in Holborn ; and for applying the money to arife by fale thereof, together Vith other monies, in ereding and eftablifhing publick offices in Somerfet Houfe, and for embanking certain parts of the river Thames, lying within the bounds of the manor of the Savoy; and for other purpofes therein mentioned); it was, amongfl other things, wafted. That in caje the money arifing by the fale or J des, de~ mifis or furrenders of Ely Houfe, and other the premijes vejled in the cmmijfionirs of bis Majejly*s treafury to be fold or demifed,Jhould not icient to anjwer the purpofes for which the fame was appro-priated, it jhould and might be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majejly's treafury, or any three of them, or the lord high trtafuier for the time being, out of all or any of the aids or Jupplies granted or t» be granted by parliament, for or towards all or any of the naval

G 2	fer-

' Digitized by Gooole

84

Part of the recited aft repealed.

Preamble.

laGeo^.c 7a. recited,

and further continued till May 15, i7$r &c.

Anno vicefimo Georgii III. 0.41.	[1780.

fervices, or out of all or any of the revenues crifwg or to arife to hit Majefty, within the receipt, management, or government, of all or any of the fevcral offices created and eftablijhed, or to be crefted and ejia-b lifted, by virtue of the jaid aft, to order and dire ft, from time to time, fuch fum and futns of money as he or they fhould judge neceffary for anfwering the purpofes, and carrying the intentions of the faid aft into effeftual execution: and whereas large fums of money have already been expended on the buildings at Somerfet Houfe more than have arifen Jrom the Jale ofJL\y Houfe, and the other ptemifes mentioned in the faid aft; and further large fums of money will be neceffary to complete the faid buildings: and whereas the method preferibed for tfjuing the money under the faid aft is contrary to the ujage of parliament, with rejpeft to grants for other publick fervices, which is by Jums voted annually founded upon proper ejiimates: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid recited ad, as preferibes the method of iffuing monies for the purpofes therein mentioned, (hall be, and is hereby repealed.

cap. xli.

An aft to continue an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Us prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for rendering the payment of the creditors of infolvent debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the diligence, of the law by arreftment and poinding, and for extending the privilege or bills to promif-iorv notes, and for limiting adions upon bills and promiflbry notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An ad tor rendering the payment of the creditors of infolvent debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the diligence of the law by arreftment and poinding, and for extending the privilege of bills to promiftory notes, and for limiting adions upon bills and pro-miflory notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, was to continue in force for feven years from the fifteenth day of May, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy*two, and to the end of the then next feffton of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the Jaid aft Jbould be continued for a further time; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with t|ie advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, 1 hat the faid ad (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the time therein limited for the expiration thereof, until the fifteenth day of May, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-two, and to the end of the then next feffion of par-Jiament.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

1780.] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 4^.

85

CAP. XLII.

An aR for granting to his Majefty feveral additional duties upon certain goods imported into the Ifle of Man ; and for better regu-lating the trade and fecuring the revenues of the foid if and.

Mof gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, for further provifion towards defraying the expences of government of the Ifle of Man, and better raifing and fecuring a revenue for that purpofe, have refolved to give and grant to your Majefty the feveral additional rates and duties herein-after mentioned ; and do therefore mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it may enaded; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and After Jaly 5, temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, 1780, tnefoi-and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth lowing addi-dayot July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, there (hall ^be*paid^n. be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs importation and fucceflors, the following duties for and upon the goods and into the Hie of merchandizes herein-after mentioned, which (hall be brought or Mani videli-imported into the Ifli of Man j that is to fay,	cet’

For every gallon of rum, the produce of the Britijb planta- cveT tions, imported from that part of Great Britain called England, fhC p^duceof a further additional duty of fixpence, over and above all other Britifh pianta-fluties now charged thereon:	'	tions imported

For every pound weight of tobacco imported from England, from England, an additional duty of one penny:	pjj* ev

For and upon all hemp, iron, deal boards, and timber, im- pound of to-ported from foreign parts, an additional duty of five pounds per bacco fo im-centum ad valorem:	ported, 1 d*. ’

For every ton of French wine imported, an additional duty of ^c^ronTto-fourpounds:	*	tei^n partes

For every ton of all other forts of wine imported, an addi- per cent, ad tipnal duty pf two pounds; and after thefe rates for any greater valorem; or lefs quantity of fych wine.	f^per ton*

TT . ,	,	,	*	/.	|.	,	.	,	_	,	and all other

II. And whereas by an all of parliament, made in the feventh year wine, a I.

#/the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An aft for encourag- Recitaj 0f ing and regulating the trade and manufactures of the lfe of 7Gco.3.c.45* jtylw; an3 for the more eafy fupply of the inhabitants there 7 Wjth a certain quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, authorifed, by an aft made in this feflion of parliament, to be tranfported to the faid ifland, the exporter from this kingdom into thf Ifle of Man of fuch goods, and in fuch manner as therein men-timdy was thereupon infilled to receive the fame drawbacks, under tbe fame regulations in all refpefts, as were then allowed and preferred for Juch goods refpeftively when exported from Great Britain

G3	to

After July 5, 1780, the duties on tea and coffee imported from England, granted by the recited arf, to ccafe.

New dudes.

The aforefaid duties to be paid in ready money without difeount; and to be collided and recovered in like manner as former duties.

How to be ap plied.

Anno vicefimo Georgii III. C.42.	[*780.

to Ireland: and whereat, fmee the pajfng of the /aid recited aft) the drawback, which was at that time allowed upon the exportation of tea from Great Britain to Ireland, has ceafed and determined, and an~ other drawback on tea fo exported has been face allowed by a fubfequent aft of parliament, which is now in force; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid,That, from and after the faid fifth day of July) one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, the feveral duties granted and payable to his Majefty, in and by the faid recited ad, for and upon every pound weight of bohea tea, green tea, and coffee, imported from England into the faid Ife 0) Man, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any $hing in the faid ad to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-flanding: and that in lieu of the faid duties by this ad repealed as aforefaid, there fhall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, the following duties for and upon the goods and merchandizes herein-after mentioned, which ihall be brought or imported into the faid Ife of Man\ that is to fay,

For every pound weight of bohea tea imported from England\ fixpence:

For every pound weight of green tea imported from England, one (hilling:

For every pound weight of coffee imported from England, four-pence.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the feveral rates and duties herein-before granted, fhall be paid down in ready money without any difeount or allowance, and fhall be raifed, levied, colleded, paid, and recovered, under the authority and diredion of the commiflioners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, in like manner and form, and by the fame rules, regulations, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things not hereby altered, as the former duties payable upon fuch goods were raifed, levied, colleded, and recovered, as .fully amd effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, diredions, penalties and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enaded in the body of this prefent ad; and (except the neceflary charges of raifing, colleding, levying, recovering, anfwering, paying, and accounting for the fame), the faid rates and duties (hall from time to time be brought and paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diflindly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and fuch part thereof as (hall remain after the neceflary expences attending the government of the faid IJle of Many ana the adminiftration of juftice there, are from time to time defrayed, (hall be referved for the difpofition of parliament.

IV.	And whereas it may tend to encourage and promote the lawful importation of tea into the faid if and from Great Britain, and alfo to prevent the clandejiine and illicit trade therein which hath been

lately

Digitized by LjOOQle

1780.] Anno vicefimo GeoRGH III. c, 42.	8^

lately carried on thirty if a drawback of the cufioms paid in Great Br.tain wis allowed upon the exportation of tea from thence to the /aid ijland: be it therefore further ena&ed by the authority aforefatd, That, from and after the faid fifth day of Ju]y> one After July 5, thoufand feven hundred and eighty, there [hall be drawn back *78j\a b^af and allowed for all tea which [ball be exported from this king- |0a*cj °n tbV dom as merchandize to the lfle of Man, in fuch quantity re- exportation of fpafiively limited, and under the fame regulation in all reipeds »o the as are preferibed in and by the herein-before recited a6t made ot in the feventh year of his Majefty’s reign, the feveral duties of cufioms which were paid upon the importation of fuch tea; which drawback or allowance (hall be made to fuch exporter in fuch manner, and under fuch rules, regulations, fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, in all reipedts, as are allowed and preferibed for fuch goods refpeeftively, when exported from Great Britain to Ireland.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadled by the In what cafes authority aforefaid. That the drawback allowed by this adt [hall the faid draw-not be allowed for any tea which (hall not be exported dircdly

from the warehoufe or warehoufes wherein the fame (hall be 0 lodged, purfuant to the dirediions of all or any of the fcvcral ads now in force for that purpofe.

VI.	And whereof the commifftoners of his Majeflys cufioms in England are authorifed, in and by the faid recited atl, to grant licence to any of bis Majeflys fubjefts to export from any port of England into the port 0/Douglas in the faid lfle of Man, any quantity offpiritSy not exceeding in the whole fifty thoufand gallons 0/Brit fill diflilled Jipints, and thirty thoufand gallons of rum of the produce of tbe British plantations in one year: and whereas only a very /mall part of tbe faid allowance of fifty thoufand gallons of Britifh diflilled fpirits hath of late been imported into the /aid ifland, and the allowance of thirty thoufand gallons of rum, of the product of thf Britiih plantations, is become inefficient for the confumption of the faid ijland, by reafon of the late increafe of population, and of the herring fijhery $

be it therefore enadted by authority aforefaid. That, from and After July 5, after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty, inftead of the quantities of fpirits and rum in the faid ad ported toVhe mentioned, the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cufioms in Great port of D^ug-Britain refpedtively, or any three of them, fhall and may grant ,a3 Year,y» licence, without fee or reward, (to continue in force for the f,om term of thirty days), to any of his Majefty’s fubjedts to export of [pi-from any port of England, into the port of Douglas in the lfle of rita, and Man9 but to no other, in Britijh [hips navigated according to 3°^° gallons law, any quantity of Britijh diflilled fpirits not exceeding in the oi rum * whole forty thoufand gallons, and thirty thoufand gallons of rum, the produce of the Britifh plantations ; and from any port an(1 *0,000 in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, ten thoufand gallons °//JJT1

, *	•	.	, r	111 trom Scotland*

fuch rum, in one year, in the fame manner, and under the lame regulations in all refpeds, as if the faid laft-mentioned quantity had been originally limited and preferibed in and by the faid ^<5t, inftead of the quantity therein mentioned $ and the

G 4.	ccr-



No licence* for exporting goods to be granted by virtue of the recited aft, until entry has been made of all foch goods, exprefling the quantity and quality, the name of the (hip, &c«

Licence to connnue in foice for 30 day* only.

Recital of an ait 5 Geo. j.

After July 5, 1780, herring VffTels trading to Madeira,

Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 42.	[1780.

certificate direfted by the faid aft to be tranfmitted to the com-initfioners of the cuftoms at London, (hall, with refpeft: to the quantity of rum exported from Scotland, be tranfmitted in likie manner to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at Edinburgh, any thing in the faid aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VII.	And, for the better prevention of abufes, under colour of the licences granted by virtue of the faid recited aft to export the goods therein mentionedfrom any port of England into the port e/'Douglas in the Hie of Man, be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, T hat, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty, no fuch licence ihall be granted to any perfon or perfons whatsoever, to export any of the goods therein mentioned to the faid JJle of Man, and no fuch licence fhall be granted to any perfon or perlons to export fuch rum from any port in that part of Great Britain called S.otla^d, in purfuance of this aft, before fuch perfon or perfons (hall have made a true entry of all fuch goods in writing with the colleftor and comptroller of the port from whence fuch goods are intended to be exported, exprefling the quantity and quality thereof, with the times of the paying or fecuring hisMajefty’s duties inwards for the fame, and alio of the name of the (hip or veflel, and of the mafter or perfon having charge of fuch (hip or vefle!^ in which the faid goods are intended to be exported ; of which entry a copy, attefted by the faid colleftor and comptroller, being produced to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England or Scotland refpeftively, then, and not before, they, or any three of them refpeftively, (hall and may grant fuch licence for the exportation thereof as in the faid recited aft mentioned, which faid licence (hall continue in force for the term of thirty days only from the date thereof, and no longer; and in cafe no exportation (hall be made purfuant to fuch licence, the fame (hall be null and void to all intents and purpofes; any thing in the faid recited aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And whereas by an oft, made in the fifth year of the reign cf his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for more effeftually preventing the mifehiefs arifing to the revenue and commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandeftine trade to and from the Ijle of Man, it is (amongjl other things) enafted, That no wine jhould be imported into the faid ifland in any Jhip or vefjd of lefs burthen than one hundred tons, upon forfeiture of all fuch goods, together with the Jhip or veffel, and all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, to be feized and projecuted as therein-after is dire fted : and whereas great hardfhip is thereby laid on vejfels of a lefs burthen, trading in herrings to Madeira and the Mediterranean, where they are frequently unable to make returns otherwife than in the wine or produce of the country ; be it therefore enafted by the authority afore-faid, That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thousand Seven hundred and eighty, it (hall arud may be lawful for fuch (hips or velTeis as afuiefaid, not being of lefs burthen than

feventy

1780.] Anno vicefimo GeoRGII III. C.42.	89

fcventy tons, to import into the faid ifland any wine (French of 70 ton* *ine or any wine from France excepted); and in cafe any wine (>urthcn ra*y jhall be imported into the faid ifland ip any Chip or veflel of lefs (Except burthen than as a fore faid, or in any veflel or cafle that fhall con- French) into tain lefs than twenty* live gallons, or in any other manner con- the Ifle of trary to the faid recited adt, except as altered by this prefent adt, Mdn* the feveral penalties and forfeitures therein inflicted (hall and may be recovered, levied, feized, and profecuted, in fuch manner as the fame could or might have been by virtue of the faid ad; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithr Handing.

IX.	Andy for the more effectually preventing irregular, elandtfline, end fraudulent exportation from the faid Ifle of Man, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That* from and after the laid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty,

no goods, wares, or merchandizes whatfoever, (frefh or unfalted fro>n filh excepted) (hall be (hipped or laden on board any (hip or of Man wich-veflel, in order to be exported from the faid Ifle of Man, to any out a proper place whatfoever, before a warrant is granted for that purpofe, on^rfeltonj by the colledtor or other principal officer of the port where the Qf allVuch (aid goods are (hipped or laden, or before fuch fecurity is given goods, as by law is or may be required, on forfeiture of all fuch goods, or the value thereof i and all matters, or other perfons having command or charge of any (hip or veflel, wherein any goods lhall be (hipped in order to be exported, (hall conform to fuch rules and regulations, and be fubjedtto fuch forfeitures and penalties, in all refpedts, as are preferibed and inflidted by any adt of parliament now in force with refpedt to the exportation of goods from Great Britain.

X.	And whereas by an aCt, made in the fijth year of the reign of Recital of

Hi prefent Majefiy, intituled, An adt for the better fecuring, and 5Geo.3-c.43. further improvement of the revenues of cuttoms, excife, inland and fait duties; and for encouraging the linen manufadture of the Ifle of Man; and for allowing the importation of feveral goods, the produce and manufadture of the faid ifland, under certain reftridtions and regulations, it is (amongfl other things) arnCled, That the inhabitants of the Ifle of Man /ball and may im-pn direBly from thence into any lawful port of Great Britain, be-fa!s, or any goods, wares, and merchandizes, of the growth, produce, end manufacture of the faid, Ifle of Man, (except fuch as are prohibited to be imported into this kingdom), without paying any cujloms, fubfiiies or duties, for or in refpeCt thereof, (except fuch excife or other duty as was then or fhould thereafter become due and payable for the like goods, wares, and merchandizes, of the growth, produce, and manufacture of Great Britain), provided the matter, or other perfon having the charge of the Jhip or veffel fo importing the fame, fhall bring with him a certificate or certificates from the governor, lieutenant-governor, commander in chief, or chief magifirates for the time king, that oath hath been made before him or them, in the prefence of the officers of the cufloms for the port or place where fuch befiials or foods fall be put on board, that the fame are the growth, produce, or a	manufacture

9o

Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c.42;	[1780.

manufacture of the faid Ifle of Man; which certificate or certificates Jhall alfo be attejled by the faid officer of the cufiomS) and Jhall expref: the number and tale of fuch bejlials, with the. marks and weight of the fpecies of goods in each bale or parcel mentioned in the bill or bills of lading, with the name or names9 place or places of abode, of the exporter or exporters from the I tie of Man, and the name or names % place or places of abode, of fuch perfon or per Jons as Jhall have fworh the be/lials, or goods therein mentioned, to be of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the [aid Ifle of Man, and where and to whom conftgned in Great Britain: and whereas fuch bejlials or other goods are exported from the faid Ifle of Man to Great Britain from parts of the faid ifiand fo difiant and remote from the place of refidence of the governor 9 lieutenant-governor') commander in chief9 or chief ma. giflrates for the time being, that the exporters of fuch goods cannot, without great inconvenience and expence, make the proof and obtain the certificate required by the faid recited aft; now, for remedy After July 5, thereof, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, 1780, the oath from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hun-

thcTrccited a& ^red an<*	the kid oal^ recluired by the faid recited ad to

may be admf- be taken before the governor, lieutenant-governor, commander uttered by the in chief, or chief magiftrate for the time being, (hall and may colledor, &c. be adminiftered by the colledor, comptroller, or other chief exportation0^ °®cer *he revenue at the port or place in the faid Ifle of Man, * where fuch beftials or other goods (ball be (hipped or loaden, who is and are hereby refpedively authorised and required to adminifter the fame, and to grant a certificate thereof, in the form and to the effed required by the faid recited ad, under his hand and feal of office; any thing in the faid recited ad to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XI.	Piovided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the Penalty on authority aforefaid, That in cafe any colledor, comptroller, or officer grant- other officer of the revenue, fhall make or grant a falfe certificate ing afalfe or other difpatch, contrary to the true intent of this ad, every certificate. fuch 0ffencjer (ball forfeit the Turn of fifty pounds, to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, or plaint, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at lVcJlminJler\ one moiety to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue as (hall fue or inform for the fame; and the officer granting fuch falfe certificate or other difpatch fhall alfo be rendered incapable of Serving his Majefty in any

Perfonscoun- branch of the publick revenue; and any perfon who (hall counterfeiting cer- terfeit, rafe, or falfify, any fuch certificate, or knowingly or wil-tificate, &c to lingly make ufe of any fuch certificate fo counterfeited, rafed, or cit 100 . a|terecjs or falfified, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner aforefaid.

XII.	And, for the further encouragement to the inhabitants of the Ifle of Man, to carry on the herring fi/hery on the coajls thereof) be

After July 5, it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, from and 1780, tor her- afrer tjle fajj fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and on the coafts eighty* there fhall be drawn back and allowed for any white or of the Ifle of red herrings, caught upon the coafts of the faid bland and cured

there.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1780!] Anno vlcefinoo GeoRGH III. c. 42.	91

there, and imported into any port of Great Britain, and ex- Man, and ported from thence as merchandize to foreign parts, the whole duties paid or payable upon the importation of fuch herrings; *0°to oJ^t * which drawback or allowance (hall be made by the officer ap- Brirain, and pointed to colled the duties upoa fait, in the port from whence from rh^nce any fuch herrings (hall be exported, within thirty days after de- *xPorte(* to mand thereof, upon a debenture, to be prepared by tne collector thc^eg^haU^t^ oftfcecuftoms where fuch herrings (hall be entered out for ex- allowed a portation, and verified by the perfon executing the office of drawback of learcher in fuch port, as to the quantity of herrings a&ually the import (hipped, and that the fame were good and merchantable; and duUt* the white herrings in barrels containing thirty-two gallons each* or in half barrels of fixteen gallons each, and full packed ; ana the red herrings in cafks, on which (hall be marked the number of herrings in each cafk, for the better afcertaining of the quantity exported; and that the oath of the exporter or agent be0*^*0** firft taken before the principal officers of the (aid port before the exfwur,&c. debenture be allowed, (who are hereby required and impower-	*

cd to adminifter the fame), that the herrings in fuch debenture mentioned were really caught on the coafts of the lfle of Min% and cured there, and that the duty of the fame was a&ually paid upon the importation thereof, fpecifying the veflel and mafter’s name in which the herrings were imported, and at what port, and that they are really and truly exported to or for parts beyond the Teas, and not relanded or intended to b$ relanded in Gmt Britain; and in cafe the officer hereby dire&ed to pay fuch debenture (hall not have fufficient money in his hands to pay the fame, then, upon certificate thereof by him made,

(which certificate he is hereby required to give the party gratis), the principal com midi oners for managing his Majefty’s revenues of excife upon fait for the time being (hall be chargeable with the faid payment, to be made in courfe out of the firft money in their hands arifing out of the duties upon fait either \n England or Scotland^ as the cafe may happen; and that it Officers of the (hall and may be lawful for the officers for the faid duties on falt ?utH,e8*° fait, in the feveral and refpeflive ports of the kingdom of Great wherein^ Britain, upon the exportation of any fuch herrings, and before the herrings the fame (hall be laid on board for exportation, to mark the (hall be ex-barrel wherein fuch herrings (hall be exported, to the intent it Portcd* may be known that fuch herrings have been exported, and allowances obtained upon exportation thereof, in cafe the fame, cr any part thereof, (hall be relanded or reimported; and that Herrings frau-in cafe any fuch herrings (hall (after the fame (hall be exported) landed tobe be fraudulently relanded or reimported into Great Britain, all the forfeited, and (aid herrings fo relanded or reimported (hall be forfeited and double the loft, and double the value thereof to be recovered of the im- value, porter, proprietor, or matter of the veflel in which they (hall be reimported; and that ho allowance (hall be paid out of the faid duties on fait for or on account of the exportation of any white or red herrings that (hall not be well cured, or (hall be unmer-chantable; nor (hall any drawback or allowance be made for

any

Digitized by

preamble.

Commifftoners of tbe trea. fury may raife 1,500,000!. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. j, i7>i.

in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax adt of thisfeflion, concerning loans, &c.

The claufes, See. in the (aid aft relating to loans or exchequer bills,

(exception) •

extended to this aft.

Anno vicefimo GeoRGIi III. c. 43.	[1780.

any fuch white herrings, (hipped to be exported, that (hall not have been imported from the IJle of Man in barrels containing thirty-two gallons, or half barrels containing fixteen gallons each.

CAP. XLIII.

An aft for raiftng a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer billst for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty.

Mofi gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceffary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefty in this feflion of parliament, have rc-lolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the fum hcrein-aftcr mentioned 5 and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and witli the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflenibled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of his Ma-jefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, at any time or times before the fifth day of "January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, to caufe or diredt any loans to be taken or received at his Majefty’a exchequer from any perfon or per-fons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies politick or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in Joans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and dirediions, as in and by an adl of this prefent feflion of parliament, (intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land taxy to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty f) are preferibed concerning the loans or exchequer bills tq be taken or made in purfuance of the faid adt.

II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in the faid laft-mentioned adt, relating to the loans or exchequer bills an-thorifed to be made by the fame adt, (except fuch claufes as do charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame adt, and except fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the faid adt, and alfo except as is herein-arter mentioned) (hall be applied and extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this adt, as fully and effedtually, to all intents and purpofes, as if tbe fame loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorifed by the faid laft-mentioned adt, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re enadted in the body of this adt.	/ ‘

III. PrO-

Digitized by

Google

1780.] Anno viccfimo Georgii III, c. 43.	93

III.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the au* Exchequer thority aforefaid, That no exchequer bill or bills to be made

out by virtue of this adt, (hall, after the fame hath or have been again* iffucd at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the in payment of fixth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, any taxes, received or taken, or pafs or be current to any receiver or col-lcdor in Great Britain of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax whatfoever, due or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any fuch receiver or collector, or from any other perfon or per-fons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwife or on any other account than for the difcharge and cancelling of fuch bills, in cafe the fame (hall be in due courfe or order of payment before the faid fixth day of April \ nor (hall any fuch receiver or col- norexchang-ledor exchange, at any time before the faid fixth day of April, ** for any money of fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, in his 917 hands, any exchequer bill or bills which (hall have been iffued as aforefaid by virtue of this adt; nor (hall any adtion be main- A&ion not to tained againft any fuch receiver orcolledtor for negledting or refufing to exchange any fuch bill or bills for ready money, be- r u * fore the faid fixth day of April; any thing in the faid adt made in this prefent feflion of parliament, (intituled, An att for granting on aid to bis Majejly by a land tax, to bo raifed in Great Britain, f$r theJervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty), or this adt, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Principal and That all fuch loans or exchequer bills, together with the intereft, i^tereft, with premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fame, berewddout (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall 0f the next be repaid or borne by or out of the firft aids or fupplies which fupplies;

(hallbe granted in the next feflion of parliament; and in cafe and if fuffici-faffident aids or fupplies for that purpofe (hall not be granted ent fupplies be before the fifth day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and bcfor^july eighty-one, then all the faid loans or exchequer bills, with the I?glf J y 59 intereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending to bc charged the feme, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon on the finking fuch monies as at any time or times after the faid fifth day of fund.

2	(ball be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the _ Ioffes, excefles, overplus-monies,.and other revenues com-pofing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any adt or ads of parliament in that behalf); and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be iffued and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and afcertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and dif-charging, fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpedtive proprietors thereof.

V.	Provided always, arid be it enadted by the authority aforefaid.

Digitized by LjOOQle

g4	Anno vicefimo GeoRGII III. c. 44.	[i;?o

Monies Co	faid, That whatever monies (hall be To iflued out of the faid

lifted to be	furplufies, excefles, overplus-monies, or other revenues com.

the firft fup-° P°fing lhe finking fund, (hall, from time to time, be replaced plies.	by and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in par.

liament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith. (landing.

Bank of Eng-	VI. And be it declared and further enabled by the authority

rted to^cT	That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and

Tance^he (aid company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Mi-fum on the jefty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of this credit of loan granted by this adl, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million five hundred an aft 5 8c6 thoufand pounds; any thing in an a<ft, made in the fifth and Gul. 8c Marias fixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, (in-mHwitbftand* tituled. An aft for granting to their Majefties feveral rates anik* “S*	ties upon tonnage of Jhips and vejfels, and upon beer, ale, and other

liquor Si for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the jd aft mentioned to fuch perfons as Jball voluntarily advance the fm ij one million five hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on th war again/i France), to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

CAP. XLIV.

An aft to explain an aft of the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, Al atft for augmenting the militia; and to declare valid and tjftM the [wearing in and inrolment of militia men,JluhJUtutes, anivh, luntcers, in cafes where all the provifions of the feveral ads nm in being, relative thereto, have not been obftrved; and to indm1 nify deputy lieutenants, chief magiftrates, and jufticts of the path for their proceedings therein refpeftively ; to declare valid awl tj\ feftual the commijjions granted by deputy lieutenants, in the abftm of the lieutenant of any county out of the kingdom, to officers atn. manding volunteer companies; and to indemnify deputy lieuiti'M and officers who have granted, or afted under fuch cmtnijfis9t\ and to enlarge the powers of deputy lieutenants in certain cajts.

Preamble.

When militia mm, in the volunteer companies.

WHEREAS, in purfuance of an aft of the kjl ft/fiftl parliament, intituled. An adl for augmenting the miiitqj volunteer companies have been raifed and annexed to the militia of A veral counties within this kingdom: and whereas the periods of Vice intended for fuch companies were not [efficiently afeertaind in ri faid aft, in confequence whereof, the men enli/led in [everal of the companies have been enlifted for different periods of fervice than icaI intended by fuch aft; for better jecurity to perfons who have ifJj§ tbemfelves therein, and for greater certainty for the future, bet enacted by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with th advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, aod co® mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the aurho rity of the fame, That ail perfons who have enlifted themid^ in any volunteer company raifed in purfuance of the faid act,f^ the term of three years unlefs fooner difeharged, or for the to

1

1780.] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c.44.*	95

of three years, or as private foldiers therein without any time foall beenti-expreffcd, lhall be entitled to their difeharge at the expiration of *heir three years from the time of their inrolment, or at fuch time dl c argc* within the faid three years as the militia (hall be difembodied, oral fuch earlier period as his Majefty (hall think fit to reduce the volunteer companies.

II.	And be it further enabled, That fuch perfons as (hall Militia men have enlifted themfclves in any volunteer company of militia,

raifed in purfuance of the faid a<ft, to ferve in the fame for three tb7 war™?, years, or during the war, or to ferve during the prefent war, or not entitled to ferve according to the provifions of the (aid a & of the lad their difeharge feffion of parliament, (hall not be entitled to their difeharge till JjJ1 the militia (hall be difembodied, or till fuch earlier period as his Majefty (hall think fit to reduce the volunteer companies,	*

III.	And be it further enafted and declared, That all perfons Limitation of

that (hall, after the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hun- the time of dredand eighty, enlift themfelves in companies raifed or to be kryice of all raifed in purfuance of the faid a<ft, fhall be enlifted to ferve till ^)\|t^e^Cn ** fuch time as the militia (hall be difembodied, or till fuch earlier companies, period as his Majefty (hall think fit to reduce the volunteer com- who fliall be panics, and lor no other period whatfoever.	enlifted after

IV.	And whereas feveral perfons have been engaged to ferve as Ju y l* mMo men, fuhjlitutes, and volunteers, in feveral militia regiments. Preamble; kttdim, and independent companies, out of the counties to which reciting that Jtuh regiments, battalions, or independent companies, refpeflively be- fenams

Iwg, and not being natives of the fame, and have been fworn in and have (worn in nrdled by deputy lieutenants a fling out of their refpeflive counties, or and inrolled bf the chief magi/lrate or jujlices of the peace not of fuch counties to feveral militia which fuch corps of militia belong: and whereas the feveral provifions ^fome^ro^ tf tie militia laws refpefling the engaging, fwearin'g in, and inroll- viftonsof mili-«I, militia men, fuhjlitutes, and volunteers, have not in fuch cafes tia laws* btmobftrved\ be it enabled by the authority afore faid. That the All fuch engaging, fwearing in, and inrolling of all fuch militia men, fub- (wearing in ftitutes, and volunteers, previous to the fifteenth day of May^ and inrolling, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, lhall be valid and effec-tual, as if the feveral provifions relating thereto had been ob- deemed valid\ Lived; and that all fuch militia men, fubftitutes, and volun- and the (aid tiers, (hall be deemed militia men, fubftitutes, and volunteers, deputy lieu-to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; and that the faid deputy -^emnified. lieutenants, chief magiftrates, juftices of the peace, officers, and noncommiflioned officers of militia, (hall be, and they are hereby indemnified for fuch their proceedings therein refpedtively.

V.	And whereas by an afl, pajftd in the fecondyear of his prefent Sevefra! powers

Mritfly’s reign, intituled, An att to explain, amend, and reduce grated to •	-P c i* * u c 11	.	,	•	.	lieutenants or

into one act of parliament, the feveral laws now m being relat- C0Ullt1Cf by

ing to che railing and training the militia, within that part of the following

Great Britain called England; certain powers are given to deputy a&s,

Smtenants in the abfence of the lieutenant of any county out of the

tmgiom, which powers in certain cafes have been found to be infuffi-

dent-, be it further enabled. That the feveral powers granted to

Beufcmants of counties by an att, paffed in the eighteenth year of

the

Digitized by v^ooQle

9&	Ahno	viccfimo	Georg»ii III. C. 45:	[17^0.

it Jfco 3 C.59. the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An aft to amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raifing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain cailed England ; and , to ejlablijh certain regulations with refpeft to officers ferving in the corps of fencible men directed to be raifed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned; fo far as relates to the appointing officers to command certain volunteer companies authorised by the faid alt, and alfo the Several powers granted to, and the Several alts required from, lieutenants of counties, by an alt parted in the nineteenth year of the reign f^Geo.; c.7*. of King George the Third, intituled, An aft to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the feveral laws now in being relating to the militia forces of this kingdom \ and for making certain provisions relative to thefencible men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland ; So Sar as reSpelt the qualifications, removal, or appointment of officers in certain cafes therein mentioned; and alfo the

and iq Geo * feveraI powers granted to lieutenants of counties, by an a& parted a7$,	*	3’	in the nineteenth year of the reign of King George the Third,

(hall, during intituled, An aft for augmenting the militia, mall, during the ab-1 mab/c,nc* fence of the lieutenants of any county out of this kingdom, be tenants out~of executC(^ by, and are hereby required from. Such deputy lieu-the kingdom, tenants as now are, or hereafter (hall be, appointed in pursuance be executed of the alt firft above-mentioned.

by deputy VI. And whereas commiffions have been granted, by deputy lieu-

•	Cmmiffions tenants f° appointed, to officers to command volunteer companies, and

*	granted by doubts may arife whether the powers of fuch deputy lieutenants extend deputy lieute- thereto; be it further enalted. That fuch commiffions granted nants deemed to officers properly qualified according to the militia laws, Shall fuch de^t be, and they are hereby declared to be, valid and efFeltual; and lieutenants^ the faid deputy lieutenants and officers are hereby refpeltively in-and officers demnified for ifluing or ailing under fuch commiffions. indemnified.

CAP. XLV.

An aft to permit goods, the produft or manufafture of certain placet within the Levant or Mediterranean Jeas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in Britifh or foreign veffiels from any place whatfoever; and for laying a duty on cotton and cotton weel imported into this kingdom in foreign /hips or veffiels, for a limited time.

Preamble. \\S H E R E A S by an aft of parliament, made in the twelfth it • tal f the * ^ year °f re1&n °f King Charles the Second, intituled, An navigation alt ac^ ^or tne encouraging and increafing of Shipping and naviea-11 Car. 1. tion, all goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture, of Africa, Afia, or America, or any part thereof, are to be imported and brought into the kingdom of England, Ireland, or Wales, the i/lands of Guemfey and Jerfey, or town of Berwick upon T weed, in EngIi(h-£u/7/ Jhipping, or other /hipping belonging to form if the aforefaid places, whereof the majier, and three fourths of the mariners at leajiy are Englifh, and are not to be /hipped and brought

/torn

Digitized by CjOOQie

i?8o.J Artntf vicefimo GfioRGii III. c. 45;

from any other place or places, country or countries, but only from thofe of the faid growth, production, or manufacture, or from thofe ports inhere the faid goods and commodities can only, <sr are, or ufually have teen firft Jbippcd for tranfportation, and from none other places or countries, undtr the penalty and forfeiture of the Jhip and goods, excepting in fome particular cafes provided by the faid aft: and whereas, by the Jaid in part recited aft, it is alfo enafted,, That no goods or (cmmcdities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Mufcovy, or of any of the countries, dominions, or territories, to the great duke or mferor of Mufcovy or Ruffia belonging; as alfo that no forts of mafts, timber, or boards; no foreign fait, pitch, tar, rofm, bemp\ or fax, raifins, figs, prunes, olive oils; no fort of corn or grain, fugar, pd o/bes, wines, vinegar, or fpirits called Aqua Vitae, or Brandy W\nt,Jball be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any flip or Jhips, vejfel or veffils, but in fuch as do truly, and without fraud, belong to the people thereof, or fiat of them, as the true owners and proprietors thereof, and whereof the mofler, and three-fourths of the mariners at leajt, are Englifh $ end that no currants, or commodities of the growth, produft, or manufacture, of any of the countries, ifunds, dominions, or territories to /& Ottoman or Turkifh empire belonging, Jhall be imported into any of the fore-mentioned places, in any Jhip or vejjil but which is of Eng-m-built, and navigated as aforefaid, and in no other, except only fiub foreign flips and vejfels as are of the built of that country or place of which the faid goods are the growth, production, or manufacture reffectively, or of fuch port where the faid goods can only be, or moji nfiaOy are, firji flipped for tranfportation, and whereof the majier, and three-fourths of the Mariners at leaft, are of the Jaid country or plait, under the penalty and forfeiture of flip and goods: and whereas fcvtral of the articles in the faid aft, and herein-before particularly enumerated, being the growth or production of fome of the places of countries within the Levant or Mediterranean fas, cannot be now imported directly from thence in Briti(h vejfels without great hazard of capture by the enemies, and much expence of infurance to the merchants trading to this kingdom \ and it has been found necejfary, during the prefent bojlilities with France and Spain, by temporary laws which are now in force, to fufpend, in fome degree, the firift regulations prejeribed by the faid aft; and it is further expedient, for the encouragement of trade and the increafe of the publick revenue, to permit, for a limited time, under certain reftriftions, various articles of the growth, production, or manufacture, of Turkey or Egypt, and other goods and commodities which are enumerated in the before recited id, which are of the growth, product, or manufacture, of places or countries within the Streights or Levant fas, to be imported into this kingdom, or the kingdom ^Ireland, in foreign veffils, although fuch goods are not flipped and brought directly from the place or country of their growth, produftion, or manufacture, or from the ports or flues from whence fuch goods are, or ufualty have been, firft Jbipped fir tranfportation ;roay it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual -.VouXXm.	H	and

97

&

A<ter Jan. i, 1780,any pci toil tree of the Turkey c >’iipany may import into Great Britain or Ireland any good* ufually impoited from Turkey, &c. either n» Bri-t (h (hips, or (hips belonging to any ftate in amity with his Mi-jetty.

What duties (hall be paid for goods fo imported.

No entry to pafs for any goods the growth of Turkey, Bed. until the importer (hall j>n*duce a cer-tifi ate of his being free of the Turkey, company. See,

After Jan. 1, 17*0, goods ufually imported from the Mediterranean,may be imported in Bntifh (hips, or (hips be-longing to any date in amity with

his Majefty.

Anno yfcsfincio Gsorgji Ufc c. 45:	[1780.

and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affetn-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of January* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty* it (hall and may be lawful for any peribn or perfons admitted into, and made free of, the company of merchants of England trading into the Levant Teas, commonly called or known by the name of The Turiij Company, to import into Great Britain or Ireland 2ny goodsor commodities which have heretofore ufuallybeen imported from Turley or Egypt* or from any place within the dominions of the grand feignior within the Levant Teas, in any (hip or veflcl built in, or belonging to. Great Britain ox Ireland, navigated according to law ; or in any Ihip or veffel belonging to any kingdom or ftate in amity with his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, navigated by foreign feamen, from any port or place whatfoever^ upon payment of the fame duties^if imported into Great Britain* as the like goods would be fubjedf and liable to if imported in Britijblhips directly from the place of their growth, productions pr manufacture; but if fuch goods (hall be imported in any fo-reign-bgilt (hip or veflel, then, and in fuch cafe, the goods, fh imported (hall be fubjeCLto the aliens duties, if fuch goods would have been fubjeCt and liable thereto if this a& had not been made; any thing in the (aid recited a&, or any other aCt or z&s of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCVed by the authority aforefaid, That no entry (hall be fuffered to pals at the cuftom-houfe for any fuch goods of the growth, produCKpo, or manufacture of Turkey ox.Egypt* or of any of the dominions of the grand feignior, as before the paffin^ of this ad might bo imported only from fuch ports or places iq the Streigbts or, Levant feas as are within the dominions of the grand feignior, and which, by the authority of this aCt, are permitted to be imported in manner aforefaid, until the perfon importing or entering the fame (ball produce to the collector, or other proper officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, at the port of importation, a certificate, under the hand-of the collector of the duties for the (aid Turkey company, certifying fuch perfon is free of the faid com* pany, and that he has paid the duties imppfed on fisch good*by the faid company, and has conformed in all refpeCts to the rate* and regulations of the faid company relative thereto.

1IL And.it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afom* faid, That, from and after the firft day of January* one thoufimd feven hundred and eighty, any goods or commodities wheels have been heretofore ufually imported from any port or place S* Europe within the ftreigbts of Gibraltar, except fuch goodusw commodities as might heretofore be imported only fixxniutfc ports or places as are within the dominions o^the grand f^pi nior, (hall and may, during the continuance of this adt, bq>hp» ported and brought, by any perion or perfons whadoevciviflMt Great Britain or Ireland from any port or place wiatlbmrci* m> any (hip or vcdel built in or belonging to Great Britain or land* navigated according, to law, or in any ; (hip or vcflcl^b**

Digitized (^.ooQle

>

1780.] Anrto vlcefimo Georgii III. c.45.

longing to any kingdom or ftate in amity with his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, navigated with foreign mariners; upon payment of the fame duties, if imported into Great Britain, as the like goods would be fubjeft and liable to if imported directly from thfe place of their growth, production, or manufacture^ except drugs, which, if imported by any perfon or perfons not free of the Turkey company, (half be liable to the like duties as they would have been liable to, if not imported direftly from the place of their growth and production, if this aft had not beem made; and if any fuch goods (hall be imported in any forefgn-builrfihipor veffel, then and in fuch cafe the goods fo imported (hall be fubjeft to the aliens duties, if fuch goods would Ffrvc be fubjeft and liable thereto by law if this aft had'not been made; any thing in the faid recited aft, or any other aftortft#, to the contrary not wit hftanding.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is Hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That for and upon all cotton and cotton wool, which fhali be imported into this kingdom in purfuapee of this aft, in any foreign (hip or veffel, or which hath beep (o imported fince the firft day of 'January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and is now remaining in any warehoufe in this kingdom under the king's locks, there fhalJ be raifed, levied, collcfted, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs,and fucceflors, p duty of one penny farthing for every pound weight of fuch cotton or cotton wool, which (hall be paid down in ready money, without any difeount or deduction whatfpever; and (hall be alip fubjeft and liable to an additional irnpoff or duty of five pounds peruntum> in the fame manner as the additional duty of five pounds per centum is granted to his Majefty by an aft made ip the laft feflion of parliament, intituled,,^ aft for granting to his Majefly additional duties upon the product of the Jeveral duties under tie management of the refpettive commifftoners of the cufioms and ex* dfein Great Britain.

V.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no part of the (aid duties herein-before granted (hall be repaid or drawn back upon the re exportation of the faid cotton or cotton wool; and the. faid duties (hall be raifed, levied, colleftcd, recovered, and paid, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and under the like penalties and forfeitures, as the duty of cufioms, commonly called The Old Suiftdy9 is raifed, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and is fubjeft or liable to by any aft or afts of parliament now in force, (except where any alteration is made by this aft), as fojlyand effectually, to all intents and purpofes,as if the feveral clangs, powers, and provifions in fuch afts had been repeated anjl enafted in the body of this prefent aft; and the faid duties hereinbefore granted (hall from time to time be paid into the rc-clibtof'his Ma|cftys exchequer,diftinftlyand apart fromallother branches of the pujblick revenue, and (nail be fo kept apart in the (aid rebeipt of exchequer as a fund, for the encouragement of the growth of cotton in his Majefty** Leeward ifiands, and for

H 2	cn-

99

What duties, (hall be paid, for fuch goods.

All cotton and cotton wool imported after )an.i,17S0, in foreign vef-fets, to pay a duty of 1 d.

1 q* pcrpjund;

and a'fo the additional duty of 5 per cent, agreeable to cap. 15. of laft leflion.

No drawback to be allowed on the re exportation of cotton or cotton wool.

Dufies to be paid into the exchequer,

&c.

How to be applied.

Digitized by ^.ooQie

iow

Continuance •t this alt.

Anno vkefimo GeoRGII III. c, 46.	[	178Q.

couraging the importation thereof into Great Britain, in fuch way and manner as parliament (hall hereafter direlt.

VI.	And it is hereby further enalted by the authority afore-faid, That this alt (hall continue and remain in full force until the firft day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty* onc.

CAP. XLVI.

An aft to allow the exportation of proviftcns* goods* wares* and mer~ ehandize* from Great Britain, to certain towns* ports or places* in North America, which are or may be under the proto Elton of his Majefly'$ arms; and from fuch towns* ports or places, to Great Britain, and other parts of bis Majefly's dominions.

»

Preamble. TTT H E R E A S by an afl ofparliament, made in the fxteentb 16 Oeo. 3, c. V V year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intuled, An alt to 5, recued. prohibit all trade and intercourfe with the colonies of New Hampfhire, MoJJ'achufet's Bay, Rhode Ireland, Connecticut* Nrco York, Newjerjey* Penfylvania* the three lower counties on Z>/4s-tcw*, Maryland, Virginia* North Carolina,	Carolina* and Gw-

j/j, during the continuance of the prefent rebellion within the faid colonies refpeltively ; for repealing an alt made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, to difcontinue the iandidg and difcharging* lading or Jbipping* of goods* wares* and merchan-, dize* at the town and within the harbour of Bofton, in the province of Maflachufet’s Bay; and alfo two alts, made in the laft feffion of parliament, for retraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the faid alts refpeltively mentioned; and to enable any perfon or perfons, appointed and authorifed by his Majefty to grant pardons, to iflue proclamations, in the cafes and for the purpofes therein mentioned; it was* among other things* declared and enacted* That all manner of trade and commerce was and fhould be prohibited with the faid colonies; and that dll Jhips or vef-Jels of or belonging to the faid colonies* together with their cargo* apparel* and furniture, ana all other Jhips or veffels whatfoever* together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture* which Jbonli be found trading in any port or place* of the faid colonies* or going U trade, or coming from trading* in any fuch port or place, fhould become forfeited to his Majefly* as if the fame were the jhips and effects of open enemies* and jhould be fo adjudged* deemed* and taken* in all courts of admiralty* and in all other courts whatfoever: and whereas it may be expedient for the prefent to allow the exportation of provifhns, goods, wares, and merchandize* from Great Britain and Ireland, to certain towns* ports and places, within the f aid as* Ionics* being under the protection of his Majefly s arms, and from thofe towns, ports or places* to Great Britain, Ireland, and other parts of his Majefly s dominions* under fuch limitations* reftriCtiemt* and regulations, as to the commander in chief of bis Majefly9s fortst* or other commanding officer in fuch ports, towns or places refpedt Jhall feem neceffary: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be exulted * and bcit cnalted by the King’s molt excellent

tnajelty.



Digitized by

Goc e

1780.J Anno vicefimo Georgii III. C. 46.

majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembied, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifteenth day of Aprils in the year of our Lord one thoufand fmn hundred and eighty, it (hall have been and (hall be lawful to carry from Great Britain or Ireland, to any town, port or place, within the faid colonies, which one of his Majesty's principal fecretaries of date (hall certify to the commif-fioners of the cuftoms in Great Britain, and to the com m i f-fioners of the revenue in Ireland refpeflively, to have been, on the faid fifteenth day of Aprils or in future to be under the proreCfion of his Majefty’s arms, provifions, and other goods, wares, or merchandize, in any (hip or veflel which, before the palling of the a<ft above recited, might lawfully have traded to his Majefty’s plantations, the fame having been or being duly cleared out for that purpofe, and the quantity and quality of the provifions, goods, wares, and merchandizes, on board the fame having been or being particularly fpecified in fuch clearances, and a bond having been or being firft given by the mafterof foch (hip or veflel, with two fufficient fureties, in two thou-£md five hundred pounds, if the faid veflel be under one hundred tons, or five thoufand pounds if above, to the collector or principal officer of the cuftoms in the port from which fuch (hip or veflel (hall have departed or (hall depart, for their proceeding direCily to, and delivering fuch provifions, goods, wares, and merchandizes, at fuch port, town, or place of de-ftination, for which fuch cargo (hall have been entered and declared at the time of the clearance thereof, and for producing fuch certificate of the delivery of the faid cargo as is herein after mentioned, within eighteen months, to the faid collector or principal officer to whom fuch bond (hall have been given, the faid Ihip or veflel alfo carrying a certificate, under the hand and fcal of the faid officer, of fuch bond having been given, which certificate fuch officer is hereby required to fign and feal accordingly ; and no fuch (hip or veflel, or the cargo, apparel, or furniture thereof (hall become forfeited to his Majefty, or (hall be fo deemed, adjudged, or taken, in any court of admiralty, or other court whatfoever; any thing in the (aid recited ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enaCted, That the naval officer or other officer, appointed or to be appointed for that purpofe, by the commander in chief of his Majefty’s forces in America, or in his abfence by the commanding officer of his M^efty’s troops at the port, town, or place, which (hall have bfeA certified, in manner aforefaid, to be under the protection oHtas Majefty’s arms, (hall forthwith after the landing of the M* provifions, goods, wares, or merchandize, at the port, or place, for which the fame (hall have been declared at trctme of the clearance, give and deliver a certificate or cer-tifiettes, under his hand and feal, to the owner or to the mafter r *	_	H 3	or

ror

After April 15,1780. f goods may be exported from Great Briratu or Ireland to any town in America/ which one of the fecretaries of fiate (hall certify to be under the protection of his MajettyV arms.

Bond to be

given by the mafter of tne veflel exporting the fains.

The naval officer or other officer, appointed by the commander of his Majefty'* forces in America, &c. (hall, on the landing * any goods there, deliver a certificate thereof.

1,02

Goods the pi ofluct of A'tie ica, or prize goods, m u he ex ported from

Anno viceGmo Georgii III. c.46.	[1780*

or commander of every fuch veffel, of fuch goods being landed

accordingly.

III. And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful, from and after the palling of this adt, to, carry piovi-fions, goods, wares, or merchandize, being the produce or manufatfure.of America, or prize goods, from fuch town, port, or place, within any of the laid colonies, which shall have been any luchtown certified as aforefaid to be under the protection of his Majefty’s afoietaid^o armsi to any Porl or place *n Great Britain, Irelands Newfound-Great Britain, fond, Halifax, Quebec, Eajl Florida, Weft Florida, Georgiy or the Ireland, New. Britijb Wejl India iflands, in any fuch (hip or ye/Tel as aforefaid, foundiandj&c. being duly entered, declared, and cleared out, with fuch naval officer or other officer as aforefaid ; and the quantity and quality of the provifions, goods, wares, merchandizes, and prize goods, on board the fame, being particularly fpecified in fuch Bond to be clearances, and a bond being firlt given, to the naval officer or given by the ofher officer as aforefaid, by the matter of fuch (hip or veffel,, m^ter of the wjtb one fufficieqt furety, in one thoufand pounds if the faid i 'thefeme" ve^ unc*cr one hundred tons, or two thoufand pounds n&	*	if above, for fuch (hip or veffel proceeding diredtly to, and de-

livering fuch provifions, goods, wares, merchandize, and prize goods, at the pjace of dettination for which the fame (hall have been declared at the t^rne of the clearance; the faid (hip or veffel alfo carrying on board a certificate, under the hand and feal of fuch officer, of fuch bond having been given, which certificate fuch officer is hereby required to fign and feal; and no fuch (hip or veffel, or the cargo, apparel, or furniture thereof, (hall become forfeited to his Majetty, or (hall be fo deemed) adjudged, or taken, in any court of admiralty or other court whatfoever; any thing in the faid recited adt to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the commander in chief of his Majefty’s force? in Amt-rica, or the commanding officer of the troops at luch town, port, or place, as aforefaid, is hereby authorifed, and required to appoint fuch naval or other officer as aforefaid, for the pur-pofes before-mentioned.

Powers verted V* And be it further enadled, That the faid naval officer or in fuch offi- other officer, appointed or to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall have full power and authority, and he is hereby required to take fuch further bonds, and upon demand to grant fqch rcT gifters and clearances and certificates to the owner, or to the matter or commander of every fuch veffel, as by any law now in being may be requifite to fuch veffel or cargo, which (hall be as valid and cffedtual as thofe taken or granted in the like cafes by his Majetty’s governors, and by i!he officers of bis Ma-jefty’s cuftoms in America.

VI. Provided always, and be it further epadled by tbs authority aforefaid, That fuch importation and exportation as aforefaid of the above-mentioned provifions, gpods, wares, aforefaid (hall merchandizes, and prize goods, in\q or out of any fuch town,

port.

Commander

in chief in America, &c. required to appoint fuch officers as aforefaid.

cers.

The importation and e*-po^tation of goods as

Digitized by

Google

1780.] Amo vicefimo Georgii III. c. 46.	101

port, or place, (hall be fubjeft to fuch limitations, reftri&ions, he to and regulations, as may have been, or (lull be eftablifhed by tlf re.4«,at|-the commander in chief of his Majefty’s forces in America, or commander in by the commanding officer of his Majefty’s troops in fuch port, chiet, &c. town, or place.

VII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadted. That The reared the (aid recited ad, made in the fixteenth year of his Majefty’s 16 Geo. 3. reign, (hall continue in full force and effed to all intents, and *° com,nucm id all refpeds, except fo far as the fame is hereby varied in therebyX favour of (hips or veflels, and their cargoes, proceeding ac- tered. 7 cording to the terms of this ad.

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That this prefent ad (hall Continuance continue in force to the firft day of June, which (hall be in the ot this ad.

)ear of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one,

and no longer.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That whenever This ad to

and wherever the civil government (hall be reftored, by putting ceafc in any any province, colony, or plantation, or any port or place, coun- province, &c. ly, town, or diftrid, at the king’s peaces this ad (hall ceafe and "over determine in fuch province, colony dr plantation, port or place, ^fbeTeftor-ebunty, town, or diftrid.	ed.

X.	And whereas before the pajjing of this off, divers perfons, Commanders -Vfffels, cargoes, and other ejfefts, may have been feized, detained, in chiet in damaged, or defroyed, in purfutince of orders, regulations, rejlric- America,, and dm, and limitations, heretofore ijfuea and eflablijhed by the com- tdin^under dtaniers in chief of bis Majejifs forces in Worth America* or by them, »nd<i n-fer/m ailing under their authority, for the publick fervice, andfor nifi-d for all fopnjfai the rebellion in North America; be it further enaded d.on* bY by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch ads, matters, arid puffing the" things, (hall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be legal, to rebellion

all intents, confirmations, and purpoles whatfoever; and that there, all aflions and fuits, indidments and informations, which have been, or (hall be commenced or profecuted, and all mo-Marions, profecutions, and proceedings whatfoever, and judgements thereupon* if any be, for or by reafori of any id, matter, or thing, advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, with refped to fuch orders and regulations, by the faid commanders in chief, or by any perfon ading under their authority, (hall be difch*rged and made void; and th&t perfon, by whom any fuch ad, matter, or thing, (hall have been fo advifed, commanded, appointed, or done,'for the purpofes aforefaid* or amy of them, (hall be freed, acquitted, and indemnified, as Wdl agairift the Kirig’s Majfcfty, his heirs and fucceflofs, as agairifi all and every other perfon and perfons: and the court, in which any fuch'; adion, fujt, or proceedings (hall or may be commenced or profefcuted, (hall allow to the defendant or defendants Yhfc benefit rif the dlftftarge* and \n-demnity sffioVe provided, jn a fummary, way, upon appticaih a to the (aid court, and (hall make fuch order between the parties, with refpeft to the coft$ of the fuit or proceeding, as1 to the foid court (hall Jeem* juft.	1	*	*

'	H4	CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Anno viceGmo Geobgii.IH. e.47, 4S.	[1780,

An aft to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfMves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juitices of tne peace, or others, who have omitted to rtgifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further tune for tbofe pui pofes ; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be damped according to law, or, having been damped, have been led or raillaid y and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly damp* ed ; and to give further time to fuch pcrfons as have omitted (o make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors. .

.*

Preamble. Perfons who have omitted to qualify themfclves agreeable to Aft 1 Geo. 1, Aft 11 Car. a, Aft 15 Car. x, Aft 30 Car. 2, Aft 8 Geo. f. Aft 9 Geo. 2, Aft 18 Geo. 2, and aft 6 Geo. 3, before the parting uf this aft; and who (hail, on or before Dec. 15, 1780, qualify themltNes, (hall be indemnified againft forfeitures. Not to indemnity any perion for any. penalty incurred by neglefting to qualify bimfclf. Perfons producing appointments and admiffions before Dec. 25, 1780, (hall 6e confirmed, and qualified to aft as clerk, officer, or member of corporations, &c may enjoy all offices into which they have been elefted; and (hall be indemnified from all penalties and damages incurred by reafon of omiffions* Not to extend to rtftore perfons to any office avoided by judgement* Perfons who (hall caufe affidavits to be hied before Michaelmas term, 1780, are indemnified and difeharged from penalties. Perfons profecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general iilue.

An aft for repairing, lighting, watching, and cleanfing, the high ftreet or road, called Golwell-ftreet, leading from Alderfgate-bars, without Alderfgate, London, to the houfe of Woodhoufe Coker Gentleman, near the turnpike at the end of the faid ftreet or road, in the county of , Middlefex i and alfo Bull-yard, Glafshoufe-yard, the north fide of Fan's* alley, Mount mill, and Willow-court, contiguous to the faid ftreet or road, on the eaft and weft Tides thereof; and for removing nuiiances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Preamble. Recital of 18 Geo. 3, c. 73* The corporation of London to pave GofwtlJ-ftreet with the 5,000!. In what manner Gofwell-ftieet (hall be paved. Commiffioncrs. When commiffioners die, or refufe to aft, new ones to be choten. The commiffioners under the London paving aft 11 Geo. 3, to nominate a number of commiffioners for this aft. Qualification of commHlioneri, with exceptions. Penalty on afting not qualified. Commiffioners being jufticesof the peace may aft as fuch. Who (hall be competent witnefles. Commiffioners may appoint officers, and allow them falaries. Penalty on officers taking other fees than are allowed* Officers to account, and pay the balance. Penalty on refufal. On failure of diftrefs, &c. officer to be committed. Time of commitment for nonpayment of money only, limited, &c. Firft meeting of commiffioners. Adjournments. Proceedings to be entered in books. Proceedings to be at meetings only. Paving of high ftreet, when fini(bed,and all, Other materials, vefted in the commiffioners. Penalty on perfons wilfully; damaging materials. Commiffioners may contraft for the wotks. None but the contrafting fcavenger to take away the cinders, &c. Infpeftor qf the works to be appointed. Commiffioners may compound for penalties for breach of contraft. Commiffioners may caufe the places mentioned in the aft to be new paved and regulated. No other perfon to alter the form of the pavements, or make encroachments. Dangerous places to be fenced in. For removing encroachments and projeftions. Names of ftreet?, See. to be put up; and houfes to be numbered. To prevent annoyances by carriages. To. prevent annoyances by calks. See. Penalty* Penalty on feednd offence. Agaiqjt erefting hoards without *

CAP. XLVII;

CAP. XLVIII.

Digitized by V^.OCK

1780.]’ Anno vfcefimo GEOkonill. c. 49.	105.

Agiinft fifting, Sec. Lime in the Greets. Penalty on laying offenfive things near toe ftp e s. Penalty on driving carriages, See. on thr foot pavements. On default of payment, offender to be commitr<d. Regu, taring (lands of hackney coaches and chairs. Ho# water pipes (lull rtUal. Penalty on paviors. Sec. making default. Paviors and turncocks to gi*e in their names and places of abode. Regulation relating to (overs, kc. Expence of relaying pavement to be paid t>y owners of pipes* and of making or cleaning fewers. Expence of railing or altering pipes, Sec. for the benefit of the pavement, to be paid by commiflioners.

Expence of relaying pavement taken up to alter or amend any pipe, to be |uid by proprietors of the pipes. Commiflioners may compound for fuck relaying. Streets, Sec. to be lighted by contract. Lamp irons may be fixed againft walls of houfes. Penalty on wilfully injuring lamps, &c«

Ferions careiefsly damaging lamps. Sec. to make fatrsfattion for damages.

ConuifKoaers to provide watch-houies* watch-boxes, and watchmen..

Their duty preferibed. For keeping the footways clean. Materia s for paving may be lodged in the Greets, Sec. and ways Hopped whilG works going on. Penalty on obGrutting furveyors, and other officers. Com.

{liftmen impowered to make rates. Commencement of rates. Additional rate when Greets want new paving. TruGees may borrow money at iatereft or by annuities $ and afllgn the rates as a fecuricy. Rates, Sec, to be entered in books. All creditors to be in equal degree. Securities may be transferred. How empty houfes, See. Giail be rated. How divided houfes (hall be rated. Occupiers to pay the rate: and may deduft it from their rent. For rating publick buildings* Sec. Commencement of the rates. For charging unfindhed buildings. Who to pay the rates.

Manner oFrecovering rates. Perfons removing may be followed. Com. miffionen may fue in their treafurcr’s or clerk’s name. Contra&s betweeo-hodlords and tenants not to be altered. Perfons paying the rates to be exempt from paving* cleaning. Sec. Great part of Gol well-Greet being Under the care and management of the truGees under the a& of 16 Geo. 3.

Inhabitants are willing to pave and cleanfe it themfelves. TruGees hive	%

afcrted to gi*e 50I. per ann. for that purpofe. Agreement confirmed.

Ihe governors of the Charter-houfe to pay sol. a year. How the annual payments may be recovered. If commiflioners neglcdt to pave* Sec. the trultees and Charter-houfe to do it, and deduct the expences out of the annual fums. Recompense to be made the feveral parifhes for expences already incurred by them in paving, Sec. Gofwell-Greet. When commil-fioners bring anions and obtain a verditf, they are 10 have double coifs.'

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Dilfrefs not deemed unlawful for want of form. No plaintiff to recover after amends tendered, Perfons aggrieved may appeal t6 the quarter feflionsj giving ten days notice. Writings to be without Gamps. Proceedings not to be quifhed for want of form, &c. Expences of this aff how to be paid. Li-mtarion of a&ions. General iflus. Treble coGs. Publick a^f.

CAP* XLIX.

An aft to vefi certain meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in truflecs, for the better fecurmg his Majejiy's dock, Jbips, and pres, at Chatham.

WHEREAS, by reafon of the hojlile intentions of the courts Preamble* of France and Spain to invade thefe realms, and of the great preparations made in the faid kingdoms for that purpofe, it is tysme abfolutely necejfary, for the prefent and future protection and fecurity,.as.wll of his Majejiy's dock, Jbips of war, andftores, at Qbatham, as of the town of Chatham, to ere ft and raife additional ftrtifcatms and intrenchments: and whereas the lands berein-after trjntioned,lying near the faid dock and town of Chatham, are wanted fir tj>$ purpofe* of being made ufe of to ere ft and raife fuch fortifica-C	’	>W(j

106	Anno	vicefimo	GeoRGII	III.	C. 49*	[17S0/'

lions and intrenchments: and whereas many of the owners and pro-prietors of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, neceffary to he pur chafed, may injiji on large and extravagant demands for the pur-chafe offuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or for the damage and injury they may pretend that they Jhall fuftain by reafon of fuch fortifications and intrenchments: and whereas many perfons may pretend to claim or have title to the fame lands, tenements, or beredita• ments, fo that it may be doubtful to whom a compenfation ought to be made, which cannot be determined without the aid of parliament: to the end therefore that the true and real value of fuch Itnds, tenements, and hereditaments, may be afcertained, and the a&ual and real owners and proprietors may have a juji and reafonable fatisfuftion for fmh lands, tenementsy and hereditaments, or for any claim or right thereto: may it pleafe your majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons, in this prcfent parliament aflembled, and by the ascertain pieces tfyority of the fame. That all thofe pieces, parts of pieces, or of land, and parcels of land, containing in the whole by eftimation fix acres, tbcrninto be- or thcreabouts> be the fame more or lefs, fituate, lying, and longing, in * being, in the pariihes of Saint Margaret's and Chatham, tn the the pan(hes of county of Kent, or one of them, extending from a plate called Saint Marga- Star-lane to the foot of Chatbam-hill, and aU tenements and th^kKcnu hereditaments t0 the fame belonging or appertaining, which •	*	faid feveral pieces or parcels of land now or lfcte were the property of, or in the tenure or occupation of,	Stevens,

Sharp,	Tomlyn, Francis Bond,

the brethren of Saint Bartholomew’s hofpital, George Glover, Kentifh, Jofepb Long ley, James Be ft, and Wbitacre; and alfo all thofe pieces or parcels of land, containing by eftimation forty-five acres, or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, being the property of Francis Wadman Efquire, and all tenements and hereditaments to the fame belonging or appertaining, fituate, lying, and being in the faid parifhes of Saint Margaret's and Chatham, or in one of them; abutting north on certain lands belonging to mifs Buck and Mr. Thomas Baker, weft on a certain road leading from Star-lane to Horfied, and eaft on certain lands belonging to mifs Bogburjl 5 and aKo all that piece or parcel of wafte ground, abutting eaft on the lands of the faid Francis Wadman herein-before deferibed, and mifs Buck, and weft on a certain lane leading from Star-lane to Snorditch-bottom, and all tenements and hereditaments to the % feme belonging or appertaining; and alfo all that piece or parcel of ground, containing by eftimation four acres and an half, or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, being the property of the faid mifs Buck, and all tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging or appertaining, abutting north on the ptefent turnpike road leading from Star-lane to Chathatn-hill, weft on the feid lane leading to Snorditcb-bottom, fbuth on land of the feid Francis Wadman, and eaft on land of the faid Thomas Baker\ and alfo all thofe feveraf pieces or parcels of hud, containing

Digitized by Google

1780.] Anno vjctfuno Gkoroii III. c.49.	107

by tftimatiqn nine acre*, or dtereabputs, be the fame more or lei'*, being tf)e property of the laid Thomas , fituate, lying, and being in die faid parifhes of Saint Margaret's and	,

or one of them, abutting fouth partly on the faid turnpike road from Star-lam to Cbatbam-hill, and partly on the lands of hams tyniman efquire, herein-before defcribed, eaft on Chatham Chtft land, and north on lands belonging to the brethren at Saint Bartholomew's hefpkaj, matter Francis , and others, and »U tenements and hereditaments to the fame belonging or appertaining; and alfp all thofe pieces or parcels of land, containing by eftimation fourteen acres and an half, or thereabouts, be the fame more or left, being the property of raift Btghtrfi, apd all tenements and hereditament* to the fame belonging, abutting north partly on Chatham Cheft land, and partly 00 the faid turnpike road from Star-lam to	weft

partly 00 the (aid Chatham Chtft land, and partly on the lands of Francis /^<?4««T9£fquire, berein-before defcribed, and eaft on another parcel of the faid Chatham Chtft land t and alfo one fmall piece or parcel of land, being alfo the property of the faid mlt Bsgburfl, and all tenements and hereditaments thereto be-

»or appertaining, fituate, lying, and being oa the north the find turnpike road from Star-lam to Chatham-bill, and abutting Couth, on the faid turnpike road, and north-weft and eaft upon pwt of the faid Chatham Cbeft land; and alfo all thole piece* or parcel* of land, containing by eftimation feven-tetn pares, or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, belonging to the cheft at Chatham,and all tenements and hereditaments to the fame belonging or appertaining, Gtuate, lying, and being to the north and fouth of the faid turnpike road from Star-lam to Chatbtm-hill, and abutting partly on the faid road, and partly on the lands of the faid mifs Bagburjl and mailer Thomas Baktr% berein-before defcribed 5 and alfo all that piece or parcel of land, coataining by eftipiation three acres, belonging to the brethren of Saint Bartholomew’s hofpital, add all tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging or appertaining, abutting weft partly on other ground belonging to the faid brethren, and partly on the laodsofthe (aid Thomas Baker herein-before defcribed, and on the town gardens, fouth on lands of the laid Thomas Baker before defcribed, eaft on part of the Chatham Cheft land herein-before (fcfcribcd, and north on other town gardens; and alfo all thofe {dengs pr parcels of land, containing by ettimation eight acres, Qr§b«reahoiits, be the fame more or lefs, being city land, and aQfcnc^wm* and hereditaments tq the fame belonging or ap-psMimng, poe parcel thereof abutting north on the turnpike ip§j fmro Star-lane to Chatham aforefaid, call ou the lands of Whitacre efquire, and well on other city lands; sod .other parcel thereof abutting fouth on the faid turnpike igfd, north ou a certain lane parting the fame from the lands ht. Japes heft efquire, eaft on the land* of Dqjh Rhodes efquire, pad weft op part of Chatham Cheft land herein-before defcribed ; md thef* piece* or parcel* of land containing by efti-,

matioa

Digitized by

Google

. Anno viccfimo GtoRGH III. c. 49.	[1780.

mation twenty acres, or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefc, belonging to the faid	JVhitacre,	and all tenements

and hereditaments to the fame belonging or appertaining, one parcel thereof abutting north and weft on part of the city lands hereinbefore defcribed, and eaft on a certain road leading from the faid turnpike toad to Maidftoney and other parcel thereof abutting north on the faid turnpike road, eaft on lands belong, ing to	Bryant,	and weft on the faid road leading

to Maidftone\ and alio all that piece or parcel of land, contain* ing by eftimation half an acre, or thereabouts, belonging to the faid bafts Rhodes, and all tenements and hereditaments to the fame belonging or appertaining, abutting fouth on the faid turnpike road From Star-lane to Chatham-hill, weft on ciry lands herein-before defcribed, and eaft and north on a certain lane parting the fame from the lands of James Beft efquire 5 and al(b all that piece or parcel of land, containing by eftimation eight acres and an half, or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, now or late the property of the faid James Beft> and aH tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging or appertaining, abutting fouth on a certain lane parting the fame from the city land and land of the faid Daft) Rhodes before defcribed, weft on parcel of the laid Chatham Cheft land, north on other lands of the laid James Beft, and eaft on a certain lane called Room Lanai and alio a piece, part of a piece or parcel of land, containing by eftimation half an acre, or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, extending from fouth to north through a certain piece of city land which abuts fouth on the faid turnpike road, weft on Room Lane, and north and eaft on a lane dividing the fame from the lands of the faid James Reft, and all tenements and hereditaments to the faid piece, part, or parcel of land, belonging or appertaining; and alfo all thofc tenements, roeffuages, and buildings, belonging to the Three Horfejboes, and all ways, paths, and paflages, advantages and appurtenances, to all and every the faid feveral pieces or parcels of ground, herein before mentioned and defcribed, belonging, or in any wife appertaining, or heretofore held, ufed, occupied, or enjoyed therewith, or with any part thereof, (hall be, and they are hereby vefted and fettled, and declared and taken to be in the actual and real pofteffionand feilin of the right honourable fir Fletcher Norton fpeaker of the houfe of commons, the honourable Charles Marjham, and Thomas Knight junior efquire, their heirs and afligns for ever, in truft neverthelefs for fuch perfon orperfons, bodies politick or corporate, ecclefiaftical or civil, as, at or immediately before the time of making this a&, were the feveral and refpedtivf owners and proprietors thereof, according to their feveral eftates and interefts therein at the fame time, in pofTeffion, reverfian, remainder, or otherwife, until fuch eftates and interefts (hall be refpe&ively adjudged and determined, or pofleflion thereof taken by the principal officers of his Majefty’s ordnance or engineers, or other officers ading under rheir authority, which they are hereby impowtrtd to do .whenever it (hall be found-aecefiary for his Majefty’s fcrvicci and the feveral fum or Turns

of

Digitized by

1780.] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 49.	<.109

of money, and intereft for the fame, after the rate of five pounds per centum for one year, for the grofs fum that (hall be affefled for the true and real value thereof, in manner and form as is herein-after mentioned and exprefied, (hall be paid.

II	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Reafonabfc reafonahle and juft com pen fat ion and fatisfaiftion (hall be made, compenfation out of the next aids to be granted in parliament, for and in J£cbcr™^c rcfpetf of the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, before out'of the***** mentioned, to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick next parJia-and corporate, ecclefiaftical and civil. '	mentary aids.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, His Majefty * That, for the better afeertaining the feveral owners and pro- jmpowered, prietorsof the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and ^ntonde^the their refpe&ive titles and claims thereto, it (hall and iryay be great ^ lawful to and for his Majefty, by one or more commiflion or appoint pom-commiffions, by letters patent under the great leal of Great miffionersto Britain, to authorife and appoint any number of perfons to be ^ms tothe commiflioners to hear and determine all titles and claims that jakHanda, &c. (hall or may be made to the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to any part or parcel thereof; which commiflioners, HbW they are fo to be appointed, or any five or more of them, are hereby to proceed, amhorifed and required, and (hall and may, in a fummary manner, proceed, adt, and determine, by and upon th.e teftimony of vritneffes upon oath, (which oath they, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to adminlfter,) infpe&ion, and examination of deeds, writings, and records; or, if requefteii by the parties interefted, by the inqueft of twelve good and lawful men, to be impannelkd and fworn in manner herein-.♦	>

after mentioned and dire<fte;d, or by all or any of the faid ways, j 1 •	»

or otherwife, according to their diferetion, all and all manner J of rights, eftates, and interefts, and all controverfies, debates, and queftions, which (hall happen and arife between any perfon or perfons whomsoever, or any other matter or thing relating to arty of the premifes, or any part thereof, and (hall have power to fend tor any perfon or perfons, and oblige them to produce their deeds or writings, upon oath, relating to any pf the fame premifes; and (hall and may, by agreement with the rtfpedive perfon or* perfons that (hall be determined to be the owners and proprietors of the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or by the inqueft of the faid twelve good and lawful men to be impannelled and fworn, inquire, proceed, a and determine, touching and concerning the true and real value of the faid premifes, or any part or parcel thereof; anld Judgements the laid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby and dearees of required to caufc all their judgements and decrees to be entered to b^cntereT ftirly in books, which judgements and decrees (hall exprcflly jn books, &c. mention and fpecify the refpeflive houfe or houfes, or other meffaages or tenements, number of acres or parcels of land, with their feveral abuttals and boundaries, together with the name or,names of every perfonpr perfons interefted refpetfively in the fame, and the refpeftive fum or fums that dull be (0

agreed

Digitized by LjOoq ie

tio

Copies thereof to be laid before both houfcs of par* H ament.

Cotmriiffioners to iflue their warrants to fheriifsto fum-snon juries

who are to inquire into the value of lands*

*c.

An8o vfcdfim& GeoRgii III. c. 49.	[	t780.

agreed for or affefleU’ by the faief jury to be paid for tfc fame refpcdlively; which judgements anid decree?1 (hall' likewise be fairly ingroffed on parchment, and certified fo the clerk of the crown in chancery, and to the King’s remembrancer in his majefty’s court of exchequer; and fuch judgements and decrees, made as aforefaid, (hall be final, arid (hall conclude all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick: and corporate, ecclefiaftical and civil, their heirs, fucceflbrs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns nefpedHvely, notwithftartding any dilability ojr incapacity whatfoever,. any law, ftatnfo, or cuftom, or other matter or tiling whatfoever, to the’ contrary norwithrf^nding ; copies of which (aid judgements and detrees (hall be laid forth with before both houfes of parliament that a juft and reafonable compen-fation and fatisfatfion may be made to the fevefal owners and proprietors of the laid lanth, tenetnettts, and hereditaments.

IV.	And be it further eriadtetf by the authority aforefaid, That, forrhe better carrying the faid Comrtiilfiori or cpmmifGons into execution, the faid comtnlffioners, to be appointed in and by the faid commifliori or commillions, or arty five or more of them, (hall and lawfully may, and are hereby authorifed and required to ifliie forth their warrant of warrants, under their hands and Teals, to be diredted to the (heriff of tne county of Kent, thereby commanding him to impanriel, fummon, and return, before thefaid comtrllffioners, at fuch times and places as (hall be appointed in fuch warrant or warrants, a good and fofficient jury of twenty-foar good arid lawful men,,qualified to ferve upon juries at the afllzes for the faid county, who, upon their oaths, (which oaths the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall have poWer ro adminifter,) (hall inquire into the true and real value of the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and every part or parcel thereof, and who re-fpedtively are the owners arid proprietors' thereof, and their refpedtive eftares and interefts therein : and the better to eriable the faid jurors" to make fuch inquiry, the faid commiflioners (hall arid lawfully may direct, in fuch their warrant or warrants to the faid (heriff, a view to be taken, by fix or more of the faid jurors, of the feverfcl lands; tenements* and hereditaments, in the find county, at fome time previous to the meeting of the faid commiflioners; and the (heriff of the faid,county of Kent* upon the receipt of fuch warrant or warrants frqm the faid commiflioners as aforefaid, is hereby required to impannel, fummon, arid return, twenty-four good and lawful men, qualified to ferve upon juries at the aflizes for the faid county; and in the mean time to' have fix or mere of the faid jurors, fo tm-panndled andfworn, to view the feid lands, tenements, a#d hereditaments ; arrd, at the* return of fuch warrant or warranty, to attendee fatd'commiflioners, with his bailiffs‘or oncers, if) prove, if neceffaiy, the furtimortsof the jurors fo to he impsq-nelfed arid returned refpedHvefy* upon oath, (which oath the faid commiflioners, or five or more of them, (naif have power to adminifter to the faid (hefiff, attd his bailiffs ahd officers, or

any

Digitized by

Google

*780.] Anno vicefimo Gborgii IKk c.49.	in

any or either of them:) and in cafe the (aid fhariff, and his Penalty on

bailiffe and officers* or any or either of them, (hall ntgie& or	or

refufe (being duly ftrved with fuch warrant or warrants of the

faid comoiitfioaors, fourteen day6 before the return thereof) fruit**

toimpannel, fummon, and return, fuch jury of good and lawful

men, asaforefaid, or other wife refufe to-execute fuch warrant

or warrants, or (hall not attend the faid commiflioners with his

bailiffs and officers, who (hall fumxnon the faid jurors, at the

return of fuch warrant or warrants as aforefaid * then* and in

either of the faid cafes, the faid commiffioners, or any five or

more of them, are hereby authorised and required to impofe a

fine on fuch fherifi, bailiffs, and officers, or any or either of

them, fo making default, not exceeding twenty pounds, nor

lets thin ten pounds, for any one offence; and in cafe the faid and alfo on

jurors, fo to be impannelled, fummoned, and returned, or any jurors,

or either of them, (hall negleft or refufe to appear at the return

offoch warrantor warrants, and to> be fworn for the purpofe

afbrefaid, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to

and for the faid commiffioners then affembled and met, or any

five or more of them, to impofe a fine upon each and every of

the jurors fo impannelled, fummoned, and returned, and

(without lawful excufe, to be allowed of by the faid commif-

fioners then fitting, or the major part of them,) making default,

or refufing/to: her fworn, not exceeding the fum of ten pounds

of lawful mtmeyof Great Britain \ winch fine and fines foto be

impofed and fet, the faid com mi dinners are hereby authorifed

and requiredito eftreat into his Majefty’s court of exchequer,

to be levied fio.the uJe of his Majefty.

V,	And be it further enacted by tbfc authority aforefaid, incafearuf-Tbar in cafea fufficient jury fhsdl not appear upon the return ficient jury of the faid warrant or warrants to take the inqueft, it (hall and flleal1

may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or any five or turnoFthe wore of them* to adjourn the faid inqueft to any future day, warrant, com* lot exceeding fourteen days, nor left than four days, from the miHioners may journment thereof, and to ifTue out their warrant or warrants adjourn ^the impannclling, lummoning, and returning, an equal number their war* r jurors to thofe fo making default, who, together with the rant for fom-irors before returned by the (heriffof the faid county of Kent, moning other* on fuch fecond warrant or warrants afterwards to be iflued, jurors in room r upon any future warrant or warrants, adjournment or ad- 0 c au cr8* lurnments, (which the faid commiflioners, or any five or more them, are hereby authorifed to iflue and make, from time to T.e, until a fufficient jury can be had,) (hall enquire afc aforefaid.

VI.	Provided always, That twelve good and lawful men* Commiflion-11 be fufficient to take the inqueft aforefaid; and that in cafe ?rs» th*

-velvc, or more, not exceeding twenty-three in the whole, fhall ear and be fworn to take fuch inqueft, then, and in fuch’ adjourn, &c. e, the faid commiflioners (hall continue and fit, from day to , until the faid inqueft fhall be taken ; and, after’the^hquefl iali. be taken, may adjourn to fome future day for making icir judgements-and decrees thereon,

YU. And,

4

Digitized by LjOOQle

f i t	Anno	vicefiraoG£Orgii III. 0.4$. , Ji?8o«

Commiflioners VII. And, to the intent that no per fan or perfons may have anj

10 give notice (aure Qf pretence for not appearing to make out their claims or title to pie ious to . J r i^r, . J	rr 10 *.	,

their 1 e pee- JQl“ tands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part or parcel

live meetings, thereof \ be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid, That five or more of the faid commiflioners (hall give notice in writing twenty-one days at lead before their meeting, which writing (hall be affixed at the gates of the dock at Chatham, and on the door of the town*hall of RjocbeJler, and (hall likewife be pub-lifhed in the London Gazette*, and if any perfon or perfons (hall neglecS or refufc to appear, or* when he or they (hall appear, (hall wilfully refufe to (hew his or their deeds or writings relating to the premifes, that then the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, and the jurors to bc'impannelled and fworn upon fuch inquefl, (hall proceed, upon the beft information they can get or have, to make fuch inqueft, judgements, and decrees, as before directed; and all fuch judgements and decrees, being entered and certified as aforefaid, (hall be final and conclufive.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, immediately from and after the time that payment fhall be made of the fum and Turns of money fo to be agreed for, or aflefled by the faid jury, and decreed and adjudged by the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, to the owners

How they are to proceed it owners mane default in appearing, dec.

On payment ot the (urns affefied by jury. &c. truttees to be deemed fei‘ed

foMhe^^of* anc^ proPr*etors °f the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, his Majetty,	herein-before mentioned, or, to any or either of them, the tru-

flees herein before mentioned (hall be deemed and adjudged to ftand feifed of fuch part and parcel of the (aid pretniies as (hall be fo paid for, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and focceffors, for ever, freed and difeharged of and from all and all manner of right, title, claim, and demand, whatfoever, that can or may be made by any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, ecclefiaftical or civil.

Commiflioners IX. And whereas that part of the turnpike road called The New Jm powered to Chatham T urnpike Road, zobicb extends from the eajl'eni of Star-turnpike^rond 1 an* to the foot of Chatham-hill, is included within the lands tt be inftead of that purebafed for the purpofes of this afl: and whereas it may he nttf included in theory, for the publick fervice, to alter the cottrfe of the faid turnpike lands to be rW, it further enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful to Fhcpur^fes an<* f°r l^e fai<* commiflioners, and they, or any five or more of this act. of -them, are hereby autborifed and impowered, if they think proper, to fet out, within the lands fo to be purchafed, another road of the breadth of thirty feet, and to make and form the fame in the manner of a turnpike road; and that, from and after the time that the faid new road (hall be ib completed, and fourteen days notice thereof given to the clerk of the trufiecs of tht faid turnpike road, the faid new road (hall be veiled in the fetid turnpike truflees, for the purpofes, and fubjedt to the powers and provifions of the a& for making the (aid turnpike roadvaod that that part of the faid turnpike road which extends fiocn the end of Star-lane tp the foot of Chatham-hill, (hall no longer be iubjedt to the power and eontfoul of^theiaid turnpike truflees*

but

Digitized by

Google

178b.] Aiuiavlie&^OEOiioix HI. c. 4^.	frig

biittlg truftees fay this aft appointed (bail be deemed and ad* jogged toftand tiled of the fame, taand for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors for ever,

. X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Commiffioner* it Adi and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or to examine ’ any five or more of them, upon the complaint of any owner or iot? 00,11'-owners, occupier or occupiers, of any other lands, tenements,	n^m

joining lands, &c. and to

and hereditaments, adjoining to any part of the lands, tene meats, and hereditaments, by this adt veiled in the faid truftees* that he, (he, or they have received any damage by the ere&ing makc *n dr completing of the faid fortifications and iritrenchments, or of ^j!„rhcC. any of the works thereto belonging, or any other the purpofes Ccived. of this a<ft, to examine into and hear every fucb complaint, and Hull make an eftimate of fuch damage, and (hall return fijcli eftimate with, and in the manner they are herein-before dirked to return, the aforefaid judgements and decrees.

XI.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid. How the pro* That no private building or buildings (hall be made or ^re&ed

noon any of the lands veiled by this a<ft as aforefafd ; and t{iat truftees^all the wkble profits arifing, or that (hall hereafter arife, from the be applied, laid lands, be, and are hereby appropriated and applied for and towards the erection and reparation of the faid fortifications and immnehments, and to no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever; and all and Angular the premifes (hall be, and are hereby enaAed and declartfl to be, unalienable from the crown ; neither (hall any part of the faid premifes be demifed or demifeable, other* wife than during pleafure only.

XII.	ProvideS always, and be it enafted, That no commif- Commiflionert fiooer, who (hall be employed in the execution of this adt, (haH "he penalties be Gable, for or by reafon of fuch execution, to any of the pc- mentioned in nahies mentioned in an ad, made in the twenty-fifth year of the an aft of

* reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An aft for prevent* as Car* x\ tog dingers which may happen from popi/h recufants;) or in one °**in 1 G11I.& other a ft, made in the firft year of the reign of King William and Mar* c* ** Qoeen Mary, (intituled. An aft for the abrogating the oaths of farematy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths*,) or in one »s&*4GuU other ad, made in the parliament holden in the thirteenth and c' 1 fourteenth years of the reign of the late King William the Third,

(iflrimled. An aft for the better fecurity of bis Majefly's perfon, and tbffitcceffion of the crown in the proteflant fine; and for extinguifhing tbtbopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders,

.Mibeiropen andfeeret abettors;) or in oneotheraft, made in iGeo.e.c.ij; INf khlofent begun and holden in the firft year of. the reign tiHKrhg George the Firft, (intituled, An aft for the better fecurity if Ih Mafofh's perfon and government, and the jucceffion of +he fetV0bm the heirs of the fate primefs Sophia, being prohftants; and fW&tingmfbing the hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, at.il 'tiboftH and feertt abettors.)	*	Com nri(Doners

\XHI. Provided alfo, and be -it cnaded, Thar fuch commif- not difquali-ftters as Ills Majefty (hall nominate for the purpofes In this fiedfrom t$'or any of them* (hall not, J>y reafon thereof* in any fort be Vol. XXXIII.	I	dif-	p

Digitized by L»ooQ[e

if4

This aft not to aflfeft the privilege* of the city of Rocheftcr*

Preamble*

Recital of an aft 8 Geo* a.

Anno vicefimo Georgii III* c. 50.	[	1780* I

difabled or difqualified from fitting in the houfe of commons, or their eleftion thereby become void; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding*

XIV. Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing in this aft contained (hall in any manner leflen, affeft, abridge, prejudice, or derogate from, any right, privilege, or franchife, of the city of Rocbejier, in the county of Kent, or the jurifdiftiooof the mayor and citizens of the faid city within the limits of the faid city; but that the fame (hall continue in the fame (late and coudition as they were entitled to before the making of this aft*

C A P. L.

An aft for exempting the city of Winchefter, (be county of Southampton, (be town of Shrewibury, and the county of Salop, out of the proviftons of an aft made in the eightb year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An aft for regulating the quartering of foldiers during the time of the eleftion* of members to ferve in parliament; fo far as the fame relates to the removal of troops during the parliament, for a limited time•

WHEREAS by an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An aft for regulating the quartering of foldiers during the time of the eleftions of members to ferve in parliament; it is recited, That by the ancient common law of this land all eleftions ought to be fret; and that by an aft pajfed in the third year of Edward the Firft it is commanded, that no man, by force of arms, or malice or menacing, fall dijlurb any to make free eleftion: and that Jorajmuch as the freedom of eleftions of members to ferve in parliament, is of the utmojl confe-quince to the prefervation of the rights and liberties of this kingdom, and that it has been the ufage and praftice to caufe any regiment, troop, or company, or any number of foldiers, which bath been quwr-tend in any city, borough, town, or place, where any eleftion of members to ferve in parliament hath been appointed to be madey to remove and continue out of the fame during the time of fuch eleftion, (except in fuch particular cafes as therein after fpedfied); it is therefore en-' afted. That when and as often as any eleftion of any member or members to ferve in parliament fhall be appointed to be made, the Jecretary at war, or the perfon who fhall officiate in the plate of the fecretaryat war, fhall, at feme convenient time before the day appointed for fuch eleftion, iffue and fend forth proper orders for the removal of allfoldiers who fhall be quartered or billetted in any city, borough, town, or place, where fuch eleftion fhall be appointed to be made, out of every Juch city, borough, town, or place, one day at leqfl before the day appointedfor fuch eleftion, to the diflance of two or more miles from fitch city, borough, town, or place, and not to make any nearer approach thereto, until one day at leaf after the poll to be taken at fuch eleftion fhall be ended, and the poll books clofei, under certain penalties and difi abilities in the faid aft mentioned: and whereas, by a provifion in tie faid a ft, it is declared, That nothing therein contained fhall extend, of

eleftions of members to Jerve in

Digitized by

Google

U5

{jSo.] Ahnd vicefimo Georgii lit. C.56.

ft ctofirued to extend, to the city and liberty of Weftmiofter, or tbt hrgvgb */ South war ana in refpeft of the guards of bis Md-jefty, bis heirs or jueceffors, nor to any city, borough, town, or place, mere bis Majefiy, his heirs or fuccejfors, or arty of the royal family, fall happen to be or re fide dt the time of any fuch election as ajorefaid, for or in refpeft of fuch number of troops or foldiers only as /hall be attendant as guards to his Majefiy, his heirs or fuuejfors, or to fuch Other perfon of the royalfamily as is aforefaid, nor to any cajlleffort; irfortified place, where any garrtfon is ufually kept, for or in refpeft if fitch number of troops or foldiers only whereoffuch garrtfon is com-poftd: and whereas in the city of Winchefter there is a houfe of palace belonging to his Majefty, which it has been found neceffery to ife as a prifin Jor confining and guatding a large number of French ad Spanifh ft:/oners, and that a number of thops have, for fame time pafi, been Jlatlonei in the /aid city for the purpofe of guarding fath frifaners: and whereas the number offuch prifoners are fa great* tbit they could not be removed durtng any election of members to Jerve in parliament for the faid city, without great difficulty, expence, and hazard of efcape: and whereas the removal of the faid troops, nece/fary for the guard of fuch prifoners, would be attended with manifeft danger, not Only to the inhabitants of the faid city, and perfans reforting thereto, but to the publick in general: therefore, in order to the better guarding and fafe keeping offuch prifoners during the time of any fuch ekttion; be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by add with the advice and confent of the lords, fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this nrefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That nothing in the faid aCt contained (hall extend, or he conftrucd to extend, to the faid city, for fuch time only as it (hall be found neceflary to detain fuch prifoners of war in the faid houfe or palace, and fo far as the fane relates to fuch troops or foldiers only as are neceflary fof the purpofe of guarding any fuch prifoners of war,; provided that the number of fuch troops fhall not, during the timed of filch deCtton, exceed the proportion of three foldiers to every twenty prifoiters fo Confined; and provided*' that fuch proportion of the faid troops, as are hot actually upon guard, (hall, daring filch election, remain in the barracks until it is neceflary to relieve the faid guard, after which time, the former guard (hall immediately return to the faid barracks, and fo alternately daring the continuance of fuch election.

II.	And whereas the faid city of Winchefter is the ufual place for bolding elections for the county 0/Southampton: and whereas by an 48) made in tbe feventk and eighth years of King William the Third, fbftbe further regulating elections of members to ferve in par-Bttent* and for the preventing irregular proceedings of (herifFs, WMOther officers, in electing and returning fuch members, it is 0Op8$i, That upon every election of any knight of the fare, the jheriff fall bold his county court at the meft publick and ufual place of eleRian, and where the fame has been ufually held for forty years: an fWhereas tbt find city Winchefter it the place at which the faid county court has been ufually held: wherefore, for preventing the Incopvt-

12	niences

The recited aCt nor lo extend to Win. cbeftcr, during the time the prifoners of war are detained there. Sec.

Recital of an a& 7 Sc 8 GuU I

Any ele&ion for a member forHamrfure, during tne continuance of this att, (hall be brgun at Alreitord. in-itead of Win-cbefter. Sc c.

Wbilft pri-foners of war, (ball remain near Shrcwf-bury, a proper number of troops ftaU be permitted to guard them9 notwithitand-ing any election in the faid town:

provided that not more than three foldiers t>e allowed to every twenty' pnloners.

Anno victfimo Georgii III. c. 50.	[1780.

nlenses which may happen from an eleflion of a knight of the flirt far the faid county of Southampton being held at the faid city of Winchefter, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That any ele&ion for a knight of the (hire for the faid county of Southampton, which (hall be holden during the continuance of this aft* (hall be begun and holden at the town of Alresford, in the faid county of Southampton, and that the county court for the (aid county, at which the (aid ele&ion would otherwife have been made) (hall be holden at the faid town of Alresford, and Hot at Winchefter aforefaid ; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary Rotwithftanding; and the fheriff of the faid county, or his deputy, are hereby authorised and required to adjourn the poll from the faid town of Alresford to Newport, in the Ifie of IVigbt, in manner directed in and by an alt, made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An afl for the Jurther regulating elections of members to ferve in par-liament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings ofJberiffs, and other officers, in the tie fling and returning fetch members, in relation to adjourning rbe poll from the faid city of Weflminjler.

III.	And whereas a large building in the neighbourhood of the town of Shrewlbury, and on the oppofitefidt of the rivern Severn, has been lately fitted up for the reception of prifoners of war, and it may become neceffirry, for the better accommodation of fucb prifoners, to fend a confidcrable number to that place, in which event a certain number of troops will be required for the guard of fucb prifoners; and whereas the faid building is not diftant above one mile from the ufua( place of eleflion of members to ferve in parliament for the foii tewn of Shrew(bury and county of Salop, refpeflively: and whereas the troops neceffary for the-guard of fucb prifoners cannot with fafity be removed during the time of fucb elefl'ton; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall not be neceffary, during the continuance of fuch prifoners there, to remove from the faid building or prifbn the troops neceflary for a proper guard of fuch prifoners; and that It (hail be lawful for ooe relief of the faid guard to come, and return from whence, once in every twenty* .four hours, for the puepofe of fuch relief during any election to be held for the faid county or town refpedtively; any thing m the faid aft of the eighth year of his late majefty King George the Second to the contrary notwithftandtng. -

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That not more than in the proportion of tnree foldiers to every twenty prjforiers (ball be fuffered to remain as a guard at the faid building during any fuch election; and that the foldiers neceflary for the relief of the faid guard (hall be quartered and remain, during fuch eledioo, in the villages on the fourh-weft fide of the faid river Severn, and diftant at lead two miles from the faid refpe&ivc places of election ; and that none of the faid troops (hall, during the time aforefaid, come to that fide of the faid river where fu<fh elections refpedively have been ufuaUy held, nor within any part of what is known and reputed to be the voting liberty of the faid town* .

...	V.	And

Digitized by )ogle

178a] Anno videfimo Georgii III. c.51.	117

V.	And he it further «na&ed, That this aft (hall continue in Continuance force until the end of the next feffion of parliament.	of tbi* aft.

I

CAP. U.

An all for Totaling an o£J> made in the nineteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefiy, intituled, An adt for granting to hisMa-jefty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all perfons letting horfes to hire, for travelling in the manner therein mentioned j and certain duties on allhorfes let to hire for the purpofes of travelling pod, and by time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof \	'

WHEREAS by an aSfy made in the laji feffm of parliament, Preamble.

intituledy An adt for granting to his Majefty certain du- Recital of ties on licences to be taken out by all perfons letting horfes to t90eo.^%c.5i» hire, for travelling in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on all horfes let to hire for the purpofes of travelling port, and by time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned ; it was enafled, That, from and after the fifth dayptf July, onethouftnd ftven hundred andfeventy-nine, there Jboulate raifed9 levied, collefledy and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccejfors, the feve-rod rates and duties following *, (that is to fay)y That every poJlmafier9 innkeeper, or other perfony in Great Britain, who fhould let to hire any her ft for the purpofe of travelling pofi by the mi ley or from ftage to flagty or, being a per fin ufually letting horfes to hire, fhould let to " fir a dayy or any lefs period of time, any horfe for drawing any dchy chariot, or chaife, or any other carriage ufed in travelling pofi,

/bcu!}yield and pay annually unto his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccejfors,

' fum of five /hillings for a licence for that purpofe; that for and in ' p:ft of every horfe hired by the niih or fiagt to he ufed in travelling 1 in Great Britain, there Jhould be charged a duty of one penny for cry mile fuch horfe fhould he hired to travel poJl\ and that for and n refpett of every horfe hired for a day, dr any lefs period of time, cor drawing on a pofi or other pubRck ready any coach, chariot, or haifity or any other carriage ufed in travelling pofi,* there fhould be bargedy if the di/lance fhould be then afcertained9 toe fum of one penny >er friili; and if the dUtance fhould not then bo afcertainedy there \ 'i be charged the fum of twelve-pence for and in refpeft of each :rfi fi hired \ fuch duty to be paid by the per fin or perfons by whom b horfe fhould be hired; that every perfin who Jhould keep any four-eeled chaife, or other machine, commonly called a Diligence, or ft-coach, or by what name fiever fuch carriages then were, or reafter jhould be called or knowny for the purpofe of conveying in be infide thereof any number of pajfengerSy not exceeding foury for rty to and from fiageto ftage y or from place to placey Jhould yield and vannually unto his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccejfors, the fum of five 1 iffitigs fir a licence for that purpofe \ that every four wheeled chaife, other machine, commonly called a Diligence or Pod-coach, or by oat name fotver fuch carriages then were, or unreafter fhould be

13	called

Digitized by Google

After Aug. i, 2780. the duties granted by the recited a& (hall be repealed s

and inftead thereof, the following duties (hall be paid to his Majeity; viz. Every poft-m after, See. who (hall let horfet to hire for travelling poft, for an annual licence, 58.:

.Anno vitefuno GeorgiI III. c. 51;	[1780,

tailed or known, for the purpofe of conveying in the infide thereof any number of paffengers, no} exceeding four, for hire, to and fromftatfi to ftage, or from plate to place, Jhould be charged with a duty of one halfpenny per mile fuch carriage /ball travel, to be paid by the owners thereof: and whereas the payment of the faid rates and duties hasp been greatly evaded; we, your Majefty's mo ft dutiful and loyalJubjeffs the commons of Great Britain, in parliament oJ/ef$blljl, do therefore ifhinii that it tpill be for the oavantage of the publick to refeat the prefent rates and duties, and to grant unto your Majefty the feyerol pew rates and duties herein-after mentiopeft, to be applied to the nfes and purpofes which the faid rates and duties granted by the above-mentioned a fly mode in the lafi feffton of parliament, are now applicable unto ; and do mojl humbly befeech your Majejly that it may be nr-a fled-, and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent mtieftj, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirifual mi temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd* and by the authority of the, fame, Thar, from and after the 6rft day ox Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, the rates and duties granted by an a<5t, made in the lad ferfion of parliament, (^ptituled. An afi for granting to bif Majejly certain duties on licenSs to be taken out by all per Jons letting borfes to hire, for era- , veiling in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on aS borfes let to hire for the purpofes of travelling poft, and by time*, sni upon certain carriages therein mentioned), (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid and payable; except only foch monies as (hall have been received, or (hall be payable, by th; feveral poftmafters, innkeepers, and other perfons, for anct'en account of the faid rates and duties, at anytime on or before (he faid firft day of Auguft, and which (hall be unaccounted for wtki unpaid by them to the feveral colle&ors. appointed by virtues* the faid ad to receive the fame, and the feveral bonds given, and ( licences granted, in purfuance of the (aid ad.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority uforptifa That from and after the faid firft day of Auguft, there (hall be railed, levied* colleded, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his hairs and fucceflbrs, the feveral rates and duties following; (thatit to fay,) That every Doftmafter, innkeeper, or other perlbn^iQ Great Britain, who mall let to hire anv horfe for the purMfe of travelling poft by the mile, or from ftage to ftage, or,* befqg a perfon ufuajly letting horfes to hire, (hall let to hire for a day, or any lefs period of time, any horfe for drawing rift* coach, berlin, landau, chariot^ calafh with four wheels, chdpb» marine, chaife with four wheels, or any calalh, chaife, or chgh, with two wheels, or any other carriage ufed in travelling or otherwife, by whatlbever name fuch carriages now areyot hereafter may be called or known, for or in refped whereof f rate or duty, rates or duties, under the management of :OW commiflioners of excifp for the time beings now is or are mad* payable by any ftatute or ftatutes heretofore made, and now in force, (hall yield and pay annually unto his Majefty, bis •	'	heirs

Digitized by

1780.} Anno vicefimo Georoii HL c. 51.	119

heirs and fucceflbrs, the fuen of five (hilling* for a licence for

that purpofe; that for and in refpedt of every horfe hired by

the mile or fiage to be ufed in travelling port* in Great Britain,

there be charged a duty of one penny for every mile fucli horfe

(hall be hired to travel pod; and that for and in refpeft of every Every perfon

horfe hired for a day, or any lefs period of time, for drawing, on hiring horfes

a opft or other publick road, any coach, berlin, landau, chariot,

calafh with four wheels, chaife-marine, chaife with four wheels, horfe,

or any calafh, chaife, or chair, with two wheels, or any other** id. per mile;

carriage ufed in travelling poft, or otherwife, by whatfoever or it. rfd. per

name fuch carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or dlftance

known, for or in refpe# whereof any rate or.duty, rates or du- ^ iotbe

ties, under the management of the copimiffioners of excife for afeertaineds

the time being, now is or are made payable by any ftatute or

ftatutes heretofore made, and now in force, there (hall be char-:

ed, if the difiancc fhall be then afeertained, the fum of one

petfny per mile, and if the difiance (hall not then be afeertained,

there (ball be charged the fum of one (hilling and fixpence for

and inrefped of each horfe fo hired; fuch duty to be paid by EverypsWbn

the per (bn or peribns by whom fuch horfe (hall be fo hired;

that every perfon who (nail keep any four-wheeled chaife, oremb^wtber

other machine, commonly called a Diligence or Po/l-coach or four-wheeled

by what name foever ,/pcJi carriages now are, or hereafter (hall carriajge, for

be called or known, for -the purpofe of conveying in the infide

thereof any number of pafiengers, not exceeding four, for hire,

to apd from ftage to fiage, or from place to place; or who (hall for hire, or

keep any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, cala(h with four wheel*, any cbalfe^marine, chaife, with four wheels, or other carriage, by ** _ what name foever the fame now is, or hereafter (hall be called nuaii^Ys^for

or known, to be employed as publick fiage-coaches or carriages, a licence; for the purpofe of conveying pafiengers for hire to and from dif- t feiem places in the kingdom of Great Britain* (hall yield.and p*; annua}ly unto his Majefiy, his heirs and fucceffors, the/urn of five (hillings for a licence for that purpofe; and that every and fliallalfo fopr-whecled chaife, or other machine, commonly called a Di- owhalf-kgtw or Po/i-coach, or by what name foever fuch carriages now ev^nSi are, or hereafter (hall be called or known, for the purpofe of con- fuch carriage vcying in the infide thereof any number of pafiengers, not ex- foall travel, ceding four, for hire, to and from fiage to fiage, or from place todace; and that every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh with four wheels, chaife- marine, chaife with four wheels, or : ojjhcr carriage, by what name foever the fame now is, or hereafter (hall be called or known, to be employed as publick ftage-cojicbes or carriages, for the purpofe of conveying pafiengers for , bite to and from different places in the kingdom of Great Bri~ taitu (hall be, and the fame is hereby charged with a duty of one halfpenny for every mile fuch carriage or carriages as aforefaid .

(hall travel, to be paid by the owner or owners thereof refpec-fively: and for the better and more effectual railing, levying, The collecting, and paying, the (aid rates and duties herein-before JjjJJ Jhe^a?* granted, the lame (hall be under the government, care, and ma- nagcmcnt of

14	nagement,	tUecommif-

Digitized by

Google

Penalty on petTon'g letting out horfes to travel poft,&c. without a licence*

12a	ArtflO	Vicefiri*	Gtbkoil Ilf. £1 57;

fionert for the nagement, bf the commiflioners for *he time bfeing appblrifefl td ftamp-dutiet. manage the duties payable to his Majefty, his heir« and foccfcf*' fort, and charged on damped vcihun, parehtflfent, and paper who, or the major part of them, arfe'hereby required iiii-powered to appoint and employ fuch officers under them for that purpofe, and to allow fuch falaries and incident charges, ai (bail be necefTary * and to provide and ufe foch marks or ftatfipsr* as they (hail think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter the ftmej from rime to time, as there (hall be occafion; an.d to do iH other' afts, matters, and things, deceflary to be done for putting this' aft in execution, with relation to the faid fates and duties Hereby gratked; in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they,1 »■ or the major part bf them* are authorifed to put in executibh anjr; of the laws now in being concerning damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the firft day of yfugufly one tboufepd (evert hundred and eighty, no peffon whatftefver, required by this aft: to be Jicenfed, (hall, urde fs he or (he be authorifed and enabled' In Ihe mariner hertfrt-after prefcribed, let oat any Kotfeforhire* eitfier by the mileotflrage.or to draw any coach, berHri; lantlani chariot, ca)a(h with four wheels, chaifc^tdaHnC, chCife with four* * wheels, or any calaftf, cbalfe, or chair, with two wheels, br dhy- * Other carriage afed in travelling !pott,' or btherwife, by wbatfo- 1 ever names fuch carriages now are, or hereafter may be diHetj ( or known, upon which any rate or duty* rates or dutWk, utideC ^ the management of the commiflioners of ekcife fat the thrtfe hewing, is or are referved or made payable, for a day, of any'left> pcrrbdbf time, upon pain to forfeit, for every fuch offence, thfb fum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as heneiri-aftec is direfted.

Any two IV. And be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaitf, commiflioners That, from and after the pafling of this aft, any tWo or more of ot tbeeasap. his Majefty’s commiflioners appointed for managing the duties (on	*ri®ng	ftamps	on	vellum,	parchment, or paper, or fome pdr-i

by the», mmy fon duly authorifed by them, (hall grant licences to fuch per-graat licences fons who (hall apply for the fame, to let out horfes for hire, in for letting out manner aforefaid, in any city, town, or other place, within Great horfes to hire, j9^//^ for the fpace of one year, to commence from the feid firft day of tfugtijly one thoufand (even hundred and eighty, upbn all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upon licences to be firft granted to any perfon or perfons after the faid firft day toiAugttJiyOM thoufand feven hundred and eighty, to commence frbm the day of the date of every fuch licence 3 and all and eVery perfon Or perfons Who (hall take out fuch licence for letting out hbrfes for hire in manner aforefaid, (hall take out a firefti licfcn£e fdr another year ten days at the leaft before the expiration of that year for which he, (he, or they (hall be fo licenfed, if he, (he,

V or they fball continue to let out horfes for hire in mantief aforefaid, and (hall in like manner Jrenew fuch licence from year to year, paying down the rcfpeftiYe fums due for fuch licences, as

long

Digitized by Google

1780.3 AhtiOIH. £.$¥.	iii

long is	(Uj,fife,' or they ftiall cbtilihilfc^o let out fwrffes finV hire

id mtaper JtfbrdaW.-y. AhtHfo it fiirtfrer enafted by thS buthority dfortfiW, That perfon to |io poftmaftet, innkeeper, or other perron whaHbeVkr, Ifettifed {**•* mor* ortobthcVtifed by authority of this a*, (hall, bjf virtUi of phC "f^feuin* licence, keep more than one inn, houfe, or other place, tbr let- borfes, by vi luting horfes for the purpofes aforefaid; but for each ami every tue of one inn, hpufe; Or Other place, which any poftmafter, innkeeper, or licence, otter perfon, (hall ketep for the pdrpofes aforefaid, aTepatate and diftibS licence (hall be taken out and paid for-by fuch poftmaf-' ter, mtokefcper-, or other perfon.

VL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Licenfed i

mo-

etety poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (o licenfed to let keepers^&cT horfci as hCreiri-before mentioned, (hall Canfe (he words (Li- tocaufe cer-

tfttfri(i kt Pojfi-kerfis) to be paihted of written, in legi raddSj either ion i(ign httng Out,1 or in fome viftble

ble cha-

_ taiu words to ,	.	be painted on

_ .	place	in	the fronts of

thefitmtof {its, her, or their houfey (tables, or out-Offices, at their houfes, the tHjiedKVe! pftltes it Which he,fhe, or they lit out hotftt to &c- before hire as afbrefaitfy to Henote thht Ipch poftmafter, innkeeper, or lhe7?tt pttetpeffohj is a letter or furhilher ofhorfes, and autherifed toIor re* fomifrttSveflers with the fame parfuint to laW; 'and ifarnV poft- i>n penalty of ma(Rr, (nnfeeeptfr. Or other pfetfo/ri,'lb lieertfed is aforefhid, (hall S1-preMtrie WM'btlt ‘horfes Yor hire, aS herein-before mentioned, withyqt fixing or hanging out fuch token as aforeftid,- every pofttttfief, innkeeper, or Other perfon, fo offending, ’(hall, for tvcfriech offence, forfeit ahd phy the fum of fifOpoilftflSj'tofee rccovjMijatM dHbributed asJHbfdth-'Stfter hdifddfed.1	1 ‘

V1L Atad -berh further ehatftfcH by the iUflfority afofefoid, Innkeepers, ThateVcrr'pdfttft after, innkeeper, or Other perfon, (b licenfed as	'"'bo fur-

ifortWjItoffy if he, fhc, or they, fawihh his, her, dr their own **-^2^? drifts, pf'dlher carriages, at the fimie-time With fuchTiorfeslet 8iallaffi*tbtk lo fide to travel poft as afoVefoidy thifTk or paihfy or chafe to be names, and oafed or paffitdd; on tHe'(hhfiat?3$8nnd of the dBW,1 br bn-of Iboe ttjj^ncdbdirpart of the ijhaflfefor other carriage^ fOrriBh- 2^°"’ td,ter,heridrtheir chriftTartimd fontatnfe, and the HattakW^^ouspart city, town, or place, of hisj 'hkf, idr *theJr:srbdde,:to foSgeianff thereof j legible characters, and continue the fame thereupon fo long as fitchchaife or carriage (hall befoufed; and if any perfon or prions (hall negleft the fame, or mark or paint, or caufe to be narked or painted, any falfe or fictitious name, or place of abode, on fitch chaife or other carriage, he or (he (hall forfeit, for every on penalty of fuch offence, the fum of five pounds.	s1*

VEL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, innkeepers, That every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon fo licenfed as &c. who fur-aforefiud, if he, (he, or they furnilh his, her, or their own coach- n,fll carriages es, berllos, landaus, chariots, calalhes with four wheels, chaife- j°^aJre]ej-°r * marine, chaife with four wheels, or any calalh, chaife, or chair, period of time, with two wheels, or other carriage as aforefaid, at the fame time (hall affix, withUscfc horfes let to hire, for a day or lefs period of time, for UP®“ fome drawing on a poft or other publick road, where fuch carriages p°^pth2eof, (hall have a box or other outfide feat for the driver thereof, (hall j, brafs or tin

affix plate, con-

Digitized by Google

taming their names aiu) places of abode*

Fens]ty on angled, &c.

Commiffioners of tbc ftamp-dnties are to deliver, to every*'perfbn taking out a licence,printed or written ‘ papers:

Anno vtcefimo G^ORGH III. c; 51*	[i;8a

afl}x qpon fomc confpicuous part erf the foouboard, or other

Sart of fuch box or feat, a brafs or tin plate, upon which there lall bef marked or engraved the chriftian and fumame of every fuch owper pr owners, and the name of the city, town, or place, of his, her, or their abode, in large and legible characters, and continue the fame thereon, and replace the fame as often as oc* cafion (hall require, during the time fuch coach or other car* riage as aforefaid (hall be fo ufed; and where fuch carriages io furnifhed as aforefaid (hall not have a box or other outfide feat for the driver thereof, (hall affix, upon a confpicuous part ofthc pole, (haft, or fplinter-bar of everyjuch chaife or other carriage as afprefaid, a brafs or tin plate, upon which there (hall be marked or engraved the chriftian and furname of every fuch owner and owners, together with the name of the city, town, or place, of his, her, or their abode, in large and legible characters, and continue the lame thereon, and replace the fapaeas often as occafian (hall require, during the time any fiich chaife pr other carriage as aforefaid (hall be fo ufed: and if any perfon or perfons (hall omit or neglect fo to do, or mark or engrave, or caufe to be marked or engraved, any falfe or fictitious name or place of abode, on any fuch pjate fo to be affixed on any, fuch coach, berlin, landau, chariot, chaife, or other carriage as aforefaid, he, (he, pr they (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of five pounds.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,That the faid commiffioners appointed for managing the duries arifing by (lamps on vellum, parchment* and paper, (hall, at the time or ifiuipg fuch licence as aforefaid, deliver, or canfo to be delivered tppvery poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fo to be liqenfed, primed or written papers, (intituled, Stamp-office wetkl) account;) in which (hall be inferted the day of the week, and blanks left for the number of horfes and miles, and for the day of the month, and the names of the poftillions or drivers employed, to be filled up as herein-after dire&ed, according to the following form, or fuch other form as the faid commiffioners jfhall judge cpnycnient for keeping fuch accounts:

Stamp-

Digitized by v^ooQle

1780-) Aano vfcefinro Gborgii III. c. 57.

Stamp-office weekly account

A B:	of	C.

Month  and  Day.	Week  and  Day.					Names of Pqftillions dr Drivers.											£  D
		A.	B.	c.	D.	E.	F. -|	G.	H.	1. K		L.	Af.	Duty		* v J
		N°	. of	No	of	N°,	1 of	N°. of		No	. of	N°. of				>
		Horfes.	Miles	Horfes.	Miles.	Horfes.	Miles.	Horfes.	Miles.	Horfes.	Miles.	Horfes*	Miles.			0  Q
	Sunday ■ Monday Tuefday Wednefday ;jTburfday Friday Saturday	i' *	•• •- •						it—*		i—	>  i  r5 ^ ;		*  			n  .	i  h	j

til	Anno	v\ct(m6 G&orgit III; c; 5f;	[178a

alfo ccr- And (hall alfo deliver, or caufc to be delivered, a number of ^Uin tickets, tickets, onv which Ihall be printed or written the words (Starnp Office), an A alfo the word (Horfes), and j, 2, 3, 4, 5» or 6, io figures, as the tickets may be intended to denote the numberst and likewife the word (Miles), except where the horfes are hire4 for a day, or any lefs period of time, and then, inftead of the word (Miles), the words (For a Dty) fhallbe ip&rted, and alfo the amount*f the duty, at and after the rate of 6fie (hilling and fixpence for each herfe, jaccording to the number of horfep cx-prefled by figures on fuen ticket, and (hall take efoecial care that all ptrfops fo licenfed (ball be fufficientlv fumimed with ftch Penalty on of- account and tickets; and in cafe any officer employed in the default?* execution of this aft, in relation to the faid rates and duties, {ball refufe or negleft to do dr perform any matter or thing by this aft required or direfted so be done or performed by hirax where* by any of his Majefty’s fubjefts (hall or may fuftain any damage whatfoever, fuefy officer To offending (hall be liable, in any ac* tion to be founded on this (latute, to anfwer to the party gn$ye4 . all fuch damages, with treble cods of fuit.

X.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore* Formatters, fa;^ That each and every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, inz theiTfirft* ^cenfed t0 horfes tor the purpofes aforefaid, (hall, at th? licence, to rime of receiving his, her, or their firft licence, give fecurity, by give fecurity bond, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the fufn of fifty tor the redeli- pounds, With a condition that he, (he, or they will, whenever unaccounted1* thereunto required, redfcliver, or caufe to be redelivered, the tor, &c. (lamp-office tickets which he, (he, or they, may have received, and that may remain unaccounted for by him, her, or them \ and that he, (he, or they, will alfo deliver to the perfon ox per* fons properly authorifed, by the commiffioners appointed for managing the duties anting by (lamps on vellum, parchment, and paper,: to fnfpeft the fame, {and to receive the money dye thereon) the fiamp-offieje account fo delivered to him, her, or ;hem, as aforefaid, faithfully made out, figned, and attefted, as . herein after dtrefted, and make payment of ah fuch fum and Turns of money as (hall be due and payable to his Majefly, in purfuance of, ^and according to the true intent and meaning of this aft; and alfo truly,and firittrfirtlyto tfbfefve and perform all the directions, matters and things, herein contained, on his, her, or their behalf, to de obferved and performed; and in cafe of the nonperformance nr breach of fuen condition, it (hallahcj may be lawful /or the faid commiffioners, or the perfons fo ap*, pointed by them, to cadfeeach and every fu^h bond to htpra-fecuted according to lawj; and in cafe of judgement againft the defendant, the faid coniniffioners may, if they (hall think fit, refufe to grant to fuch petihivagainft whom fuch judgement (hag be obtained, any licence! to let horfes as aforefaid in future, Pottmatters, XI. And'be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid^ &c. letting out That all and every pofl(maTTer, innkeeper, or other perfon, li* vel pott°(hall ccn^ec* afor^aid, whi (hall let horfes to hire by the mile ok receive,for the (lagei to be ufed in tracing poft, foaH, by themfetves orforv u(e of his Ma-	;	vant$,

Digitized «by Google

i;So.] Anno vicefimo Geqrgii III, c. 51.	125

touts, previous to the ufing fuch horfe or horfes, a(k, demand, of the and receive, for the ule of bis Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, P^r®n^ir5”5 of and from the perfon or perfons hiring the fame, the fum of for evefy* mile one penny per mile, for each mile fuch horfe (hall be fo hired each horfe it [ to travel, at and after the rate or number of miles, which he, to travel} t (he, or they (hall charge fuch traveller or travellers for the ftage ; or diflance fuch horfe may be hired to go ; and (hall, at the j1.1^ Aiall de-lame time he or (he receives payment of the duty for fuch horfe ftainp^ffice*1 or boifes, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the perfon or per- tickets proper-iboi hiring fuch horfe or horfes, one or more of the ftamp-office ly filled up.

, tickets hcrcin-before mentioned, as occafion (hall require, and to which fuch poftmafier, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall add, or caufe to be added, if anr innkeeper, the namevof his fign or : boufc, if npt an innkeeper, his or her name} and he (hall alfo iofert the name of the city, town, or place, where fuch licenfed perfon refides; and, in words or figures, the month and day of the month, and the number of miles for which fuch horfe or hories are fo hired: and if any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other Penalty on perfon, under pretence of there not being any turnpike upon the negtftf there-rwd through which he may be hired to go, or under any other °*‘ pretence whatlbever, (hall negletf to a(k, demand, and receive, the (aid duty of one penny per mile from fuch perfon or perfons hiring fuch horfe or horfes, or (hall negledt or refufe to deliver the ticket or tickets, filled up as herein-before directed, to fuch perion or perlbns fo hiring the horfes as aforefaid, fuch poft-rafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; and moreover, in cafe of not receiving the faid rate or duty, be chargeable therewith tohisMajcAy, his heirs and fucceflors, in the fame manner as if bet the, or they, had a&ually received the fame.

XII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Travellers to That all and every traveller or travellers, to whom the tickets, 4c,*ver whereon (hall be exprefled the number of miles, (hall be deli-	turn pike

veced as aforefaid, if they (hall pafs through any turnpike, (hall, they (hall pafs at the firft turnpike through which he, (he, or they (hall pafs, through. -deliver, of* caufe to be delivered, to the toll-gate keeper there, the ticket or tickets fo given, to him, her, or them, at the place where he, (he, or they hired fuch horfe or horfes, which the faid folbgatherer is hereby directed tp receive and file 5 and if any	on

trsveiler or travellers fo going poft as aforefaid, (hall have nc- g c 9 to take fuch ticket or tickets, or {hall not deliver, or curie the fame to be delivered, he, (he, or they (hall, before fuch berfct be permitted to pafs through fuch toll-gate, pay, for every (wrfe hared and ufed by fuch traveller or tra vellers, tne fum of one filing and fix pence, which {lie gate-k,ceper is hereby authorifed I»a0c and demand, and not permit fuch horfe or horfes to pafs till he, (he, or they (hall have paid the fame, orvproduced fuch ticket or tickets as aforefaid.

XUL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Pofrm-ifters,

Pv? “f *5% i0Dkf?Pcr* 0T°'hret pfrfT’ [9 sr

keafed as afereftud, who (hall let fojhirp any. hqrfc or horfes by ^ by the

*tt	the	day, thall

n

126	Atind	vicditao	GEokGii III. C. gti [iybbi

receive, for the the day, Or lefs period of time, as aforefaid, fhafl, by themfefvt* ^o^thc*" or ^ervants> previous to fych horfe or horfes beingufcd, afk, de-perfons hiring mand, and receive, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-them, id. for ceflors, of arid ffom the perfon or perfons hiring the fame, the every mile fum of one penriy per mile for each mile fuch horfe or horfes t	^‘rec*	t0	S°>	w^cre	the	diftance fhall be afcertained,’

and where thediflance fhall not he afcertained, then the fum of each horfe, one (hilling and fixpence for each horfe fo hired, previous to fuch where the di- horfe or horfes being rifed $ and fhall, at the fame time, deliver, ftance fhall not or caufc tQ be delivered, to the perfon of perfons fo hiring fuch' be a ccrtaine ; ^orfe or horfes, one or more of the (lamp-office tickets Iferein-and (hall de- before mentioned, with the words (For a Day) irifertdd thereon,' J,vert0ffiera ** Occaflon fhall require; and to which every poftmafter, inri-ticke^sproper- ^Cepcr, of other perfori, fhall add, or caufc to be added, if an innkeeper, the name of his figrf or houfe, if riot an innkeeper,' his or her riame, and he fhall alfo infert the rtathfe of the city, town, or place, whete fuch licehfefd perfon refides, and, in words or figures; the month, and day of the month; and, if any poft-mafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fhall negleft to alk, demand; and receive, the faid duty of one penny per mile, or one (hilling and flxpende for each horfe, as the cafe fhall happen to be, from fuch perfon or perfons hiring the fame, or fhall negleCl or rcfiife to deliver the ticket or tickets fo filled up as aforefaid, fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fhall, for every fuch offence; forfeit and pay the fum Of ten pounds, and mofeover, in cafe of not receiving the faid rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefutts, irt the fame manned as if he, (he, or they, had actually received the fatWe.

Day-tickets to XIV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid;

at That every perfon or perfons to whom fuch day-ticket, a* r urn' aforefaid, (hall be delivered, if he, (he, or they (hall pafs through any turnpike in the fcourfe of the day for which fuch ticket (hall be given, fhall, at the firft turnpike through which he, (he, or they (hall pafs, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the toll-gate keeper there the day-ticket or tickets fo given to him, her, or them, at the place where he, (he, or they hired fuch horfe or horfes, which the faid toll-gate keeper is hereby directed to receive and file; and in return for fuch day-ticket or tickets, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall receive, from the faid toll gate keeper, a ticket, (called An exchange Ticket^) to be (applied from the ftamp-oftice, which (hall contain the name of the county in which the turnpike fhall be, and the words (Received Day-ticket); and alfo the number of horfes in the figures ex* prefled in fuch day-ticket, together with the name of the city; town, or place, at which fitch day-ticket wasr given, and foftie mark or number, denoting the particular day on which fuch exchange ticket was iflued, in printed or written letters of figures j which faid exchange ticket the faid toll-gatherer is hereby directed to deliver to fuch perfon or perfons gratis> in return for fuch which fhall be day-ticket fo left with him as aforefaid; and which faid exchange (hewn at every f0 delivered Jhall be (hewn by fuch perfon or perfons at

c>cry

P'kej

in return for which the cate keeper (nail give an exchange ticket,

ly filled up.

Penalty on poltmafters. Sec. for ne-glea.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1780.] Anno viceflmo Georgii III. C. 51.	127

every turnpike through which he, (he, or they (hall afterwards on turnpike dur-

thstdiy pafs with fuch horfe or horfes for which fuch day-ticket inSth*t

(ball have been given: and if any perfon or perfons, to whom Penalty on

focb day-ticket or tickets (hall be delivered as afbrefaid, (hall traveller* not

oedeft or refiife to leave the fame at fuch firft turnpike, as afore-

laid, or (hall refufe to (hew thp ticket, fo given to him in ex- c c * °*

change, at every turnpike through which he, (he, or they, (halt

on Hut day pafs, as atorefajd, he, (he, or they (hall pay, for every

horfe then ufed by him, her, or them, the fum of one (hilling

and fupence before fuch horfe or horfes (hall pafs through fuch

turnpike, and the gatekeeper or gatekeepers thereof is and are

hereby authorifed to a(k, demand, and retain the fame to his,

her, or their own ufe; and where the name of the owner of the

carriage (hall be marked on the foot-board or feat, or pole, (haft,

orfplinter-bar, as herein-before is directed to be done, where

the carriage is let out to hire at the fame time with the horfes,

then fuch gatekeeper or gatekeepers (hall not permit fuch horfe

orhorfet to pafs through until fuch traveller (hall have paid the

dune, or left fuch day-ticket or tickets, or (hall have produced

and (hewn fuch exchange ticket, as aforefaid.

XV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Penalty op That if any perfon or perfons (hall take off, or caufe to be taken before men-off,the brafs or tin plate, herein- before directed to be affixed on tioned brafa carriages ufed as herein-before mentioned, with an intent to or tin plate, evade the payment of the duty, or the fum of one (hilling and fix- 10 °fdcr to pence for each horfe to be paid at the turnpike, as herein-before ^n^of the is dire&ed; every fuch perfon or perfons 16 offending, fhall for- dutyt fekand pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as the other penalties in this adk are directed to be recovered and applied.

XVL And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, and on dri-That in cafe any carriage, upon which any brafs or tin plate is v.*ri of car- , directed to be affixed as aforefaid, (hall pafs through any turn- ”***• pfa without having fuch brafs or tin plate then affixed thereon, turnpfke*^ in the manner herein-before directed, the driver or drivers of without fuch every fiich carriage (haU forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hil- plate, hup, to be recovered and applied in the manner herein after appointed.

XVII. An^ in order to prevent any ebftru&ion or inconvenience to travellers, where horfes /ball be let to hirefor two days, or more, behenaded by the authority aforefaid. That every poftmafter, Defcripfion of aoteper, or other perfon, when he (hall let to hire for two the certificate* fe»or a longer fpace of time,any horfes for drawing a carriage many poll or publick road, (hall deliver, or caufe to be deli- who (hall hire WMd, to the perfon travelling in fuch carriage, or to the driver hories for thwaof, a note or certificate, to be fupplied from the (lamp-office, two day*, or an Which fhall be engraved or printed, ( for two or more raore*

Apt,) and to which fuch poftmailer, innkeeper, or other perfon,

Audi add the day of the month, and the name and place of his shade) and the driver of fuch carriage (hall, at every turnpike through which he fhall pafs, (hew to the toll gatherer there the .

•; ‘	r	now

Digitized by LjOOQle

cates, &c.

they (hall pay

i s. 6 d. for each horfe, which the gate keeper may retain to bis own ufe.

Penalty on poftmafterst &c. delivering falfe certificates, &c.

1.2.8	Anno	viccfuno	GEORGii IlL g. gu [1780.

If travellers npt0 or certificate fo giv^n to him as aforefeid: and if TUty per-neglect to take fon or perfons fp hiring fuch horfes for the purpofes aforefaid, uc certj - (hall (iave neglected to take fych note or certificate as above fpc* cified, or (hall refufe to (hew the fame at the feyeral turnpikes through- which, he, (tye,or they* (hall pafs, fuch traveller or traveller^ (hall pay, for every horfe then ufed by him, her, or them, the fum of one (hilling and fixpence, before fuch horfes be permitted to pafs fuch toil-gate, which the faid toll-gate keeper is hereby authorifed to afk, demand, and receive, and retain to his own ufe, and not to permit fuch horfes to pafs till fuch travellers (hall have paid the fame, or produced fuch note or certificate as aforefaid; and if any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfpn, (hall, in fuch note or certificate, infcrt any faHe or fiSi-tious name, or place of his, her, or their abode, or (hall, in letting out fuch horfes for the purpofes aforefaid, by any device or coliufion pretend to hire for a longer fpacc of time, with an intent to evade the duty hereby impofed, fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds $ and the (aid commiflioners (hall, if they think fit, after conviction of fuch offender, refufe to grant fuch offender any licence in future.

XVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared, That every horfe, hired for the purpofe of drawing any carriage as aforefeid, for any lefs period of time than two com*

^ P*cte days, (hall be deemed, for the purpofes of this aft, to be td to^e^hired hired for a day, and (ball be fubjeft to all the rules, regulation*, for one day. and reftriftions, as horfes hired for a day, or lefs period of time, for drawing fuch carriages as aforefaid, are by thia aft madeliabk and fubjeft *to.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every toll-gate keeper who (hall have received any of the day-tickets herein-befpre mentioned, and (hall refufe to give any traveller or travellers, gratis* the ticket hereby direfted to be given in exchange, or wbo (hall deliver the exchange ticket without having received in lieu thereof the ftamp-office day-ticket, as herein-before mentioned, or who (hail make, or permit pr fuffer to be made, any alteration in any of the tickets hereby direfted to be filed by him or her, after fuch tickets (hall have come to his or her cuftody,orfhall deliver any of the rickets, direfted to be received and filed by him or her, to any per-(on or perfons other than the perfon or perfons duly authonfed, as hereia-after mentioned, to receive the fame, he or (fie (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings, to be recovered *s herein-after is direfted.

XX.	And it is hereby furtherenafted by the authority afow-

Horfes hired tor any lefs time than two days, . fhall be deem-

Penalty on gate keepers tor negleft of duty.

Enumeration

ofPrPcfuJfr* (aid, That every poftmafter, innkeeper, dr other perfon, fb li-by poftmaf-* 1 cenfed to let horfes as afore&id, (hall infert in the account here-ters. See- in in-before fpccified, (6 delivered to him, her, or them, from the the account to ftamp-o(ficef the number of horfes ufed in travelling poft, and be delivered	number of miles for which fuch horfes (hall have'been (b

fUmp office. C	alfo tbo number of horfes let to hire for a day, Or any lek

v	pc*

Digitized by v^»ooQle

1780.} AnnavicefimoGcokGii III. c.5*.

period of lime, and the day of the month on which the feme

were ufed, together with the names of the poftillions or drivers '

employed; which faid account (hall be figned by fuch poftmaf -

ter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fo licenfed as aforefaid, and wit-

neffed by the hoftler or other fervant employed in preparing and

getting ready fuch horfes, and (hall be open, when required, to

the infpedion of any perfon or perfons duly authorifed, under

the hands and feals of th£ faid commifiioners for managing the

duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, to infpeft the

fame; and fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fo li- At what times

ctnfed as aforefeid, refiding in the city of London or liberty 0f hccnfe^ P.er- *

Wiftrmnjltry (hall, the firft Tuefday Qx Wtdruifdoy in every month, (^London or *

and fuch other perfon fo Jicenfed as aforefaid, refiding within five Weftriiinfter, ’

miles of the city of London or liberty of Weftminjfer, or within or within five,

the bills of mortality, (hall, the firft. Thursday or Friday in leyery miles thereof,

month, or at fuch other times as may hp appointed by the faid ££ mortality, '

commifiioners, on puhlkk notice given m the Gazette bring (hail deliver

in and deliver to the commifiioners, or to the perfon or perfons their accounts

appointed by them for the purpofe of receiving the fame, at the atffithe

head office, the accounts herein-before dire&ed, for the four ott'ce> c*

weeks ending on the Saturday preceding fuch day of delivery,

and (hall, within eight days thereafter, pay fuch fum and Aims

of money which (hall appear to be due thereon to the receiver-

general for the time being of the duties on (lamped vellum,

parchment, and paper* or to the proper lofficer for the time be*

tog for collecting the faid duties, for theufe of his Majefty, his

heirs and fucceflors, at the head office in -Lincoln s lnny or where* *

ever elfe the fame may be held, upon pain of forfeiting ten

pounds for every default in not delivering in fuch account, and

double the amount of the money fo due and payable, from fuch

poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, for the faid rates or duties,

for the nonpayment thereof.

XXI.	And it is hereby further enaCted, That every poftmaf- where and ter* innkeeper, or other perfon, fo licenfed as aforefaid, not re- when licenfed fidbg within the cities of London or IVe/iminftir, or within five Aving miles of the fame, or within the bills of mortality, (hall, at fuch of thekin^* times and places to be>appointed for that purpofe, as herein-af- dora (hall de-termfentioned, produce^nd deliver the accounts herein-before liver their ac^ dim&ed for the weeksending on the Saturday preceding fuch de* counts, &c* Busy, and then unaccounted for, to the perfon or perfons duly

mftorifed and commiflioned, under the hands and feals of three el the faid commifiipners for managing the duties on (lamped vcftum, parchment, and paper, to receive fuch accounts, and the fooftey due thereon, and at the fame time pay to fuch per-fi» or perfons all fum and fums of money which (hall appear to beidue upon fuch accounts, under the penalty of ten pounds for enry default in not delivering fuch accounts, and double the amount of the money due and payable from fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, for the faid rates or duties, for the nonpayment thereof.

XXII.	And be it further ena<5led by the authority aforefaid,

Vol. XXXIII.	K	That

Digitized by UooQle

Poftmafter!, &c. to enter tickets in their Weekly ac- • count on the day they were itfued.

All ticket! having the number of miles ex prefled therein, (hall be accordingly paid for by the pottmafter,&c.

Anno vjeefimo Georgii lll.xx 51.'	£1780;

That every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon. To licenfed as aforefaid, (hall enter, or caufe to be entered, in his wdekty account, the tickets fo iiTued by him, her, or them, on the day in which the fame (hall be iffued; and if any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall date any of the pofting tickets, or day tickets, by him or her delivered, in any other manner than as the fame (hall, at the time of fuch delivery, be entered in bis or her weekly account or accounts, he, (he, or they, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings ; to be recovered and applied as kerein-afrer is directed,

XXIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all and every ticket, delivered from the ftamp-ofike, that (hall appear with the number of miles exprefled therein, either m words or figures, (hall be deemed a ticket upon which the duty has been received, and (hall be accounted and paid for by the poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, according to fuch number of horfes and miles marked tberson, at and after thfc

rate aforefaid.

Penalty on XXIV, And it is hereby farther ena&ed by the authority &^whothill	That	every-poftmafter,	innkeeper,	or	other	perfon, fo

endeavour to li^nfed aforefaid, who (hall be guilty of any wilful conceal-defraud his ment, or making falfe accounts, or any other fraudulent con-Majefty of the trivance, device, or pretence whatfoever, with an intent or defign rates impofed to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or focceflbrs, of any of the rates y l*a * or duties impofed by this adt, or any part thereof, fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as herein-after directed; and the faid commiflioners (hall and may, if they (hall fo think fit, after judgement obtained againft fuch offender, refufe to grant to fuch offender any licence in future.

. XXV. Andy in order to prevent the evading the payment of the duties hereby granted, by permitting carnages conveying perjons poft to be drawn by horfes which have paid the duty for the Jlage9 under the pretence of fuch horfes being upon the return borne; be It further ei>-Rvery poft- a<5ted byvthe authority aforefaid,That every poftmafter, innkeep*

whoftiaUtake cr’ or ot^Cr	ta^c	*lirc	*or	by

the hire for the mites orfrom ftsge to ftage', (hall be confidered as the perfon

horfes travel- to whom the duties' herein-before granted (hall be paid, and

ling poft, (hall (hall be chargeable with ahd accountable for the feme, as if fiicb

^ac^“nttable poftmafter, innkeeper; or other perfon, was the adual proprietor

or e u 0f fuch horfes, although the feme may belong to, and be the

property of, any other licenfed poftmafter, innkeeper, or other

period.

XXVI. Andy m order to prevent evading the payment of the duties hereby granted upon horfes hired by the mile or ftage9 under the pretence oj the letting Juch horfes for a days or any le/s period of timey No poftmafter, be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no poftmafter, sec at whole jnnk<reper, or other perfon, at whofo inn, houle, or other place, travefler fliall ^ePr letting hotfes to hire, any traveller or travellers (hall change horfes, change horfes, (hall let to hire any horfe or horfes, to fuch tra-fhall let them veller or travellers, in any other manner than by the mile or

ftage*

Digitized by Google

vjio;] AnnO vicefimo GfcoRGii III. c.51.	131

&age; and if any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall any otherwife ad contrary hereto, he, (he, or they, (hall, for every fuch of- th^”^r^e fence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered as mi g * berein-after mentioned.

XXVII.	Andy for tbe encouragement of the toll-gate keepers to be

attentive and vigilant in the execution of this	and as a eompenfa-	1

titn for their trouble, be it enaAed .by the authority aforefaid, Toll-gate That all and every toll-gate keeper (hall be, and is hereby au-	d>

tbonfed to demand and receive, from the collector to whonr he, j„ tj,e pound (he, or they (hall deliver the day-tickets and polling tickets, m for all ticket* themanher herein-after direfted and prefcribed.the lorn of there-* f.hey ft*11 d«-jiencp for every pound fterling which the duties upon any fuch ®“* tickets (ball amount unto, ana at and after that rate for any lefs *

fum than a pountLlterling; and fnch collector is hereby autho-rifed to pay and allow the lame accordingly; and that fuch allowance of three-pence in the pound (hall be over and above the allowance or privilege hereby given to fuch toll-gate keepers of retaining jtfae money by him, her, or them, collected from fuch traveller or travellers, perfon or perfons, who (hall not, purfaant to this aft; have delivered the tickets to fuch toll-gate keeper as aforefaid.

XXVIII.	Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby eri- Where and aded, That all and every toll-gate keeper (hall, for the comped- "^Ve^Ter* faion and allowance aforefaid, bring, or caufe to be brought, the fca|j bring "the tickets herein-before mentioned by him or her received, if with- raid tickets.

in five miles of London, then to the head office there, or to fuch other place within the bills of mortality as the commiffioners of the damp-duties (hall appoint; and if beyond the didance of five miles from London, then to fuch places, and at fuch times, as the collector appointed to collect fuch duties (hall require, sod deliver up, or caufe to be delivered up, fuch tickets to the receiver-general or collector to be appointed as aforefaid.

XXIX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Penalty on

That all and every toll-gate keeper who (hall have received fuch ^	.

damp-office tickets as aforefaid, who (hall not bring, or cdufe to (hVibnotTleli-fae brought, fuch tickets, at the times and places aforefaid, (hall, ver up tickets upon demand made at the gate of fuch turnpike, deliver fuch on demand) tickets to the collector to be appointed by the (aid commiffioners

for managing the duties on (tamped vellum, parchment, and

3er, as aforefaid; and if any toll-gate keeper (hall refufe to ver up all and every fuch (tamp-office tickets, fo received by him or her, upon fuch demand as aforefaid, every toll-gate keeper (hall, for each ticket he or (he (hall fo refufe to deliver up, forfeit and pay the fum of five (hillings, to be recovered as hereinafter is directed.

XXX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, or who fhall ' That if any toll-gate keeper (hall negleCt or refufe to receive neB,ea to from any perfon or perfons, any ticket or tickets, hereby direct- any'ickett, a* ed to be delivered to fuch toll-gate keeper as aforefaid, or (hall requi.cd by Mg left or refufe to file the fame, every fuch toll-gate keeper, fo this aft. ncglcfting or refuting, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and

K.	2	pay

Digitized by

Google

132	Anno	^icefuno	Georgii	III.	c. 5I.	[1786.

pay the fum of twenty (hillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied, in manner herein-after directed.

XXXI.	Andy in order to prevent any eoUufive or fraudulent practices in toll-gate keepers, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid,

^ate'kecP*rt That in cafe any toll-gate keeper (hall afk, demand, or receive, acceptingl|cfs or a8rcc 10 ta^c or accept, any lefs fum or fums of money than than they are he or (he is hereby authorifed to a(k, demand, and receive, and authorifed to retain to his. own ufe, every fuch toll-gate keeper (hall, for every demand, for- fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings, to be cu a08# recovered and applied in the manner herein-after appointed.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

Where poft- That all and every poftmafter, innkeeper, or pther perfon, foli-mafters, &c. cenfed as aforefaid, not refiding in the cities of London or Weft-the bills of1 °*	nor	Within the bills of mortality, (hall, at the times and

mortality, are at the places to be mentioned at the foot of the firft licenee to attend and granted to him, her, or them, when the fame (hall be delivered, paft their ac- and afterwards at the foot of every receipt which (hall be given counts* by tbc collector for the money paid in by him, her, or them, oh

account of the faid duties, attend, and there deliver in and pafs his account, and pay the duty received by him* her, or them, as aforefaid, to the colledlor fo appointed to colledt the fame: provided that no fuch perfon as aforefaid (hall be compelled to travel for the payment of the faid duties, or other caufe whatfo ever touching or concerning the fame, if he, (he, or they live in a market-town, out of the faid town, or if he, (he, or they live out of a market-town, then to no other place than to the market-town neareft to his, her, or their habitation.

This aft not XXXIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafled and to extend to	declared,That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be con-

^°haS Y** •	ftrued to extend, to any horfes ufed in hackney-coaches, licenfed

coach^&c. purfuant to fcvcral adts of parliament made for that purpofe, where the horfes drawing fuch hackney-coaches (hsll be employed to go to no greater diftance than ten miles from the cities of London and Wejlminjlery and the fuburbs thereof.

All horfes XXXIV. And it is hereby further enadted and declared by hired by the the authority aforefaid. That every horfe hired by the mile, or lhaJl’be deem-	h,e deemed to'be hired to travel poft, within the true

cd hired to * intent and meaning of this adt, although the perfon or pcrfcns travel poft.	hiring the fame do not go or travel feveral ftages upon a poft-

road, or change horfes; and although, at the ftage or place at or to which (uch horfe (hall be hired, there (hall not be any poft houfe,* and although there (hall not be any poft fettled or cftablilhed on the road, or any part thereof, upon which fuch horfe (hall be hired to go ; any thing I rerein-before contained, or any law or ufage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

On the death XXXV. And be it furthcrenadted by the authority aforefaid, of any licenfed That if any poftmafter,* innkeeper, or other perfon licenfed to let poftmafter,&c« horfes in manner aforefaid, (hall die, it (hall and may be lawful ^or or her executors, adminiftrators, or other perfons fuc-be liable to cceding to fuch inn* houfe, or other place, to let horfes to hire any penalty for in manner aforefaid, until fuch time as luch perfon (hall procure

fuch

Digitized by Google

1780.] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 51.	133

fuch licence, and give fuch fecurity as herein-before directed, letting horfes without being liable to the penalty herein-before inflided upon t^J1,je,hpro" the perfons letting horfes for hire without being licenfed in that out^j-w behalf, provided that fuch licence be taken out within thirty cence within days after the death of fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other per- 10 days after fon $ and fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fubjedt to the fame death, rules, regulations, and charges, and liable to account, and to the payment of the fame rates and duties hereby impofed, as luch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, was fubjedt and liable to.

XXXVI.	And, for the more effefiual taking an account of the fivtral duties impofed by this afi, and preventing frauds therein, be itenafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the , g*ru laid firft day of Augujl, every poftmafter, innkeeper, and other poftmaiter^kc. perfon, fo licenfed to let horfes as aforefaid, (hall, at the refpe&ive on delivering times of delivering their accounts to the commiffioners, or other h« accounts, perfon appointed by them to receive the fame, at the head office, “k® or to the colledtor or colledtors authorifed by the faid commif- j£uth thereof. Boners to receive the fame, and the money due therein, make oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers, make and fub-feribe a folemn affirmation, before fuch commifiioners, or other perfon appointed as aforefaid, or collector or collectors, who are hereby refpedtively authorifed and impowered to adminifter fuch oath and affirmation, to the truth of the accounts then delivered, in the form following:

I A. B. do fwear, (or affirm* as the cafe may require), *tbat the The oath.

feveral weekly accounts now by me delivered of the duties ariftng upon horfes, which 1 have let for the purpofe of travelling pojl, or Otberwije, from the	day	of	to	the

day of	as	far as the fame have been entered and kept

by me, are fair, juft, and true accounts; and as far as they, have been entered and kept by any other perfon or perfons, I verily believe to be try.

So help me GOp.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- No perfon (hall laid. That from and after the faid firft day of Augujl, one thou- lct °“l tor hirc fold feven hundred and eighty, no perfon who fhall keep any or^oft-coa^, four-wheeled chaife, or other machine, commonly called a Di- &c. without a Bfenee or Pojl-coacb, or by what name foever fuch carriage or licence, carriages now are, or hereafter (hall be called or known, for the purpofe of conveying in the infide thereof any number of paf-fcngers, not exceeding four, for hire, from ftage to ftage, or from place to place, or who fhall keep any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh with four wheels, chaife-marine, chaife with four wheels, or other machine, by what name foever the fame now is, or hereafter fhall be called or known, to be employed as publick ftage-coaches or carriages, for the purpofe of conveying paflengers, for hire, tp and from different places within the fongdom of Great Britain, (hall let out the fame for fuch pu.r-

K3	pofe,

*34

oil penalty of 5 i. for each offence.

Anno viccGmo Georgii III. C. 51.	[1780,

pofe, without having firft obtained a licence under the hands of two of the faid commiflioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or fome perfon duly authorised by them, upon pain to forfeit, for every time fuch diligence, or other machine, (hall be fo ufed, the fum of five pounds^ to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena<9ed by the authority afore-CommifTioners faid. That, from and after the parting of this a£t, any two or of ftamp-du- more of his Majefty’s commiflioners appointed for managing iucVh.8™1* duties arifing by damps on vellum, parchment, and paper, cences to all hr fome perfon duly authorifed by them, (hall grant licences, perfoos who under their hands and feals, to any perfon or perfons who (hall ihall apply for apply for the fame, to let out for hire any fuch diligence, coach,

cm-	or other carriage, diredted to be licenfed by virtue of this a ft,

for the fpace of one year, to commence from the fir'd day pf Am* gujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, upon all licence* to be granted on or before that day \ and ppon licences, to be firft granted to any perfon or perfons after the faid firft day of Augufl.> to commence from the day of the date of fuch licences; Licence to be which faid licence Ihall be renewed at lead ten days previous to renewed ten tjlc expiration of the year for which it was granted; and if the to^he 7xpira- Pcrf°n or perfons fo licenfed (hall continue to let out for hire tion# &c.r fuch diligence, or other machine, coach, or other carriage, hereby directed to be licenfed, he, (he, or they (hall, in the filing manner, renew fuch licence from year to year, paying down the refpedtive fums due for fuch licence, and fo yearly and every year, as long as he, (lie, of they lhall continue to let out fuch diligence, or other machine, for the purpofe aforefaid.

XXXIX.	And be it further enabled by the ahthorjty aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons, fo licenfed to let out diligences, coaches, or other carriages, hereby diredled to be licenfed, (hall, by virtue of one licence, keep more than one diligence, coach, or other carriage, for the purpofes aforefaid.

_ ..............  XL.	And	be	it	further	enadted	by	the	authority aforefaid,

perfons to pay That all and every perfon and perfons, fo licenfed to ufe any one halfpenny diligence, or other machine, for the purpofe of conveying in the thei?VdiiumilC *n^e thereof any number of paffengers, not exceeding tour, as gence, Sec. aforefaid, or any coach or coaches, carriage or carriages, to be ihall travel; employed as publick ftage-coaches as aforefaid, (hall yield and pay to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, the fum of one half-«. penny for every mile every fuch diligence, machine, coach or coaches, or other carriage or carriages, (hall be fo ufed or trayel as aforefaid.

XLI. And it is hereby further enadted by thp authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon or perfons, fo licenfed to ufe fuch diligence or machine as aforefaid, or any coach or coaches, or other carriage or carriages, to be employed as publick ftage-wbat places it coaches as aforefaid, (hall, at the time of receiving fuch licence, is intended to declare from what place and to what place Tuch diligence or ma-how'often. c^,ne> coach or coaches, or other carriage or carnages, hereby directed to be licenfed, is intended to be ufed, diftinguithing the

diftance

Only one dili.

fence. See. to e kept by virtue of one licence.

All licenfed

and (hall declare, when they receive their licence, to and from

Digitized by LjOOQ ie

178a] Anno vlcefimo Georgii III. c. 51.	135

diftance or number of miles between the two extreme towns or other places fuch diligence, coach or coaches, or other carriage or carriages, is to go, and the number ofjournies each fuch diligence, coach or coaches, or other carriage or carriages, is fo intended to be ufed, cither in the day, or in the week, as the cafe may happen to be, that the fame may be inferted in fuch licence; and all and every perfon or perfons fo licenfed for fuch purpofe as aforefaid, (hall give fecurity, by bond, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the fum of twenty pounds, with a condition for the faithfal accounting for and paying fuch fums as may be due for the joumies fuch diligence, coach or coaches, or other carriage or carriages, may have fo made.

XLII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. All diligences, That all diligences, coaches, or other carriages, directed to be &c-g°,n6*0 licenfed by virtue of this ad, that (hall go from London or JVeJl- do/orWeft-minjter to any place in the country, or that (hall come from the minfter, (ball country to any place in London or Wejiminjler, (hall be lipenfed be licenfed a£ by the commiffioners, or fome perfon authorifed by them, at the bc?d office in Lincoln's Innf or wherever elfe the fame may be ott*cc# held.

XLIII. And, in regard it may be difficult to afcerlain the number tf times fuch Ucenfed diligences, or other carriages, to be employed for the fmrpofe of carrying any number of pajfengers* not exceeding Jour% mating fbort jlages, may go in a day% it is hereby provided and en- Djfcretionary aftcd, That the commiffioners for managing the ftamp-dutips, powers veiled or the major part of them, or fuch officers as they (hall appoint cr$C^aTive°to in that behalr, (hall and may, and they are hereby impowered to dilgences, See. make fuch allowances, as (hall appear to be juft, to any perfon pacing and re-. or perfons licenfed to ufe any diligence or carriage as aforefaid, pa/fing within where the diftahee to be exprefled in their licence does not ex- 1* peed twelve meafured miles, ijpon oath made by the owner of L0U on-fuch diligence, or other carriage as aforefaid, before the faid com-miffioners, or the major part of them, or fuch officers fo to be appointed^ as to the number of journies actually made in a day by fuch diligence or other carriage, where the fame (hall differ fiofn the number exprefled in luch licences; which oath the laid commiffioners, or the colledtors authorifed by them to receive the faid duty, are hereby impowered to adminifter, and to examine into all the circumftances relative to the number of joumies fo made by fuch diligenje, or other carriage, as afore-(ai(J, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftand-ing; and the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, ar$ hereby impowered to make fuch regulations, with refpedt to fuch diligences, or other carriages, where fuch allowances are applied for, as they (hall, from time to time, find neceflary, as well for the effe&ual fecuring the duties on fuch diligences, or other carriages, as doing juftice to the owners or proprietors thereof.

XL1V. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, The name of That all and every perfon or perfons fo licenfed to ufe every fuch the owner of diligence, coach, or other carriage, as aforefaid, (hall mark or CVCfy diii-paint, or caufe to be marked or painted, on the outfide pannel	**

K4	of	^

i}6.

the outfide of each door.

Where and when the duties aiifidg from diligences, &c. lhall be paid*

Anno vicefimo Georgu III. c. 51.	[178c.

of each door therepf, before he, (he, or they (hall ufe the fame for the purpofe aforefaid, his, her, or their chriftian and fur-name? mentioning the place from whence they fet out, and to | which they are going, in plain and legible characters; and every proprietor of every luch diligence, coach, or other carriage licenfed to go from London to any other place, or from any other place to London, (hall, on the firft Monday in every month, between the hours qf eight in the morning and two in the afternoon, unlejfs the fame be an holiday, and then on the next day, not being an holiday, clear {he (aid duties charged and become due by virtue of this aCt, by paying the fame to the receiver-general of (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for collecting the (aid duties, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs apd fucceflprs, at the head office in Lincolns Inn, or wherever elfe the fame may be held; and if fuch proprietor or proprietors (hall be licenfed from any town in the country to any other town than London, then fuch proprietors (hall clear the faid duties by paying the fame to the perfon duly authPrifed, by commiffion under the hands apd feals of three of his Majefty's commifiioners of the (lamp-duties, to receive the fame, under the penalty of five pounds.

XLV. Provided always, That every fuch licenfed proprieto* or proprietors of any diligence, coach, or other carriage, as aforefaid, who (hall lay down and difeontinue the ufe of the fame, (hall give notice, in writing, feven days at leaft before he, (he, or they (hall lay doyvn or difeontinue the fame, and (hall have fuch notice indorfed upon the back of fuch his, her, or their licence or licences, or upon the bond (q to be given as aforefaid, and from thenceforth, on payment of all arrears, (hall be no longer charged or chargeable for the fame.

XLVI. And it is hereby enafled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid receiver-general at the head office, and the faid pther collectors duly appointed to receive the duties hereby im~ of the monic* P°^> lhall ma^e an allowance to the feveral ppftmafters, initio be account- keepers, and other perfons, licenfed by virtue of this aCt to let -ed for and horfes for hire, by the mile, (tage, of day, fof all monies by them paid by them, paid on account of the duties by this aCt impofed on horfes (b hired as aforefaid; and they (hall be intitled refpeCtively to de* duCt for their own ufe, at and after the rate of three-pence in the pound, out of the monies by them regularly accounted for and paid to fuch receiver-general or oth?r collector, according to the directions herein-before contained.

XLVII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefekl, That if any perfon (hall falfely make, forge, or counterfeit, or paufe or procure to be falfely made, forged, or counterfeited, or wilfully aCt or a (lift in the falfe making, forging, qr counterfeiting, any ticket, by this aft authorifed or direCled to be ufcd, with an intent to defraud his Majeily, his heirs and fuccefiors, of any of the faid duties; or (hall utter or publifh as true any falfe, forged, or counterfeited ticket, with an intent to defraud his Majeily, his heirs and fuccefiors, of any of the {aid duties,

every

Licenfed proprietor of any diligence, &c. to give leven days notice before he dif-continue the fame.

Poftmafters, Sec. to be allowed 3 d. in the pound out

Penalty on forging any ticket, or uttering the fame.

Digitized by L,ooQle

*37

1780.] Anno vjcefimo GeoROII III. C.51;

every perfon (b offending, and being thereof lawfully convi&ed,

(hall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be levied and applied as herein-before directed and declared.

¥ XLVIIL And be it furthefr enabled by the authority aforefaid, Application of

h"rebyjmP°fcd» ^ divided and diltributed (if fued for within the fpace of three calendar t^re^ month?* months from the time of :*ny fuch penalty being incurred) in manner fpllowing ; one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucccfibrs, and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuir, to the perfon or perfon* who (hall inform and liie for the Amt.

XLIX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Pecuniary j That ail fuch pecuniary penalties, which lhall amount to the Pcna,tie* fum of twenty pounds or more, (hall be fued for in any of his JoL^herf tq' Majefly’s courts at IVeJlminJler, for offences committed in Eng- be feed for# kiniy Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majefty's court of fcffions, court of jufiiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scot-kni, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

L.	Provided always, and be it further ena&cd by the aqtho- All penalties, rity aforefaid. That fuch divifion or diftribution of the penalties ^Jhinthree as afordaid (hall be, and is hereby confined and reftrided to the m0nths, to profecutiqg for the fame within the time herein-before for that belong to his purpofe limited ; and that in default of fuch profecution Majetty, within the time aforefaid, no informer or informers (hall have or t* infilled to any part or (hare of fuch penalties, but that the whole thereof (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, and lhall be recoverable ip manner aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftandiqg*

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby enadted by the authority Anyjuftice aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for anyjuftice of the peace, refiding near the place where the offence (hall be ag^inft this committed, to hear and determine any offence againft this ad, aft, it the pe-which fubjedts the offender to any pecuniary penalty not amount- nalty does nor ing to twenty pounds; which faid juftice of the peace is hereby c*cccd toU luthorifed and required,upon any information exhibited,or complaint made, in that behalf, t6 fummon the party accufed, and jllb the witneffes on either fide, and (hall examine into the matter of fact; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the vo-' luntary confeftion of the party, or by oath of one or more credible witnek or witneffes, to give judgement or fentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this adl is diredted, and to award and iffue out his warrants, under his hand and leal, (or the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures fo adjudged, on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they (hall not be redeemed within fix days, tendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where the goods ot fuch offender cannot be found fufheient to anfwer the penalty, tq commit fuch offender to prifon, there to remain for

Digitized by

Google

Perfon* aggrieved may appeal to the .quarter feffi-

w*v

Penalty on witneiies who fliall refufe to appear, or to be examined, &C. ’

Summonfe* of

the proprietor* of diligences, &c. left with the

deemed good fervice.

Form of conviction.

Anna vlcefimo Georgii 1IL c. 51.	[1780.

tlie fpace of three months, unlefs fuch pecuniary penalty (hall be fooner paid and farisfied; and if any perfon or perfons (hall find himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement of any fuch juftice, then he or they ftiall and may, upon giving fecurity to the amount of the value of fuch penalty and forfeiture, together with fuch cods as fhall be awarded in cafe fuch judgement (hall be affirmed, appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter femons for the county, riding, or place, who are hereby empowered to fummon and examine witneffes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in cafe the judgement of fuch juftice (hall be affirmed, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftices to award the perfon or perfons to pay cofts, occa-fioned by fuch appeal, as to them (hall feem meet.

LII. And be it further enadted by the authority afbrefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fummoned as a witnefe or witnefles to give evidence before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this adt, either on the part of the profecutor, or of the perfon or perfons accufed, and (hall negledt or refufe to appear at the time and place to be for that purpofe appointed, without a reafonable excufe for fuch his, her, or their negledt or refufal, to be allowed of by fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, or appearing, (hall refufe to be examined on oath, and give evidence before fuch juftices of the peace before whom the profecution (hall be depending, that then every fuch perfon (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of forty (hillings, to be levied and paid in fuch manner, and by fuch means, as are nerein-before diredted as to other penalties.

LIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all fummonfes iflued by any juftice of the peace, in pur-fuance of this adt, againft the owners or proprietors of any diligences, coaches, or other carriages, required to be licenled by this adt, that (hall be left at the inn, or other place, where the diligence, coach, or other carriage, (hall put up, with the bookkeeper, or other perfon who (hall keep the books for taking places in fuch diligences, coaches, or other carriages, (hall be deemed good fervice on the owners or proprietors of fuch diligences, coaches, or other carriages, although fuch owners or proprietors (hall not have a refidence or habitation at fuch inn or place.

LIV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That a convidtion in the form, and to the effedt following, (mur tatis mutandisa$ the cafe (hall happen to be, (hall be good and effedtual, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, without dating the cafe, or the fadts or evidence, in any particular manner; that is to fay:

BE it remembered, that on the	day	of

in the year of our Lord at	in	the	county	of	A. B. came

before me C. D. efquirt, one of his Majefy's ju/lices of the peace fir the jaid county, rejiding near the place where the offence was ebmmit-

uh

Digitized by v^ooQle

1780.] Anno vicefimo GboROII III. e. 51..

Ud, and informed me that E. F. of

m the	day	of	#	now	lafi	pajl, at

in the/aid county, did [here fet forth the faft for which the information is laid]; whereupon the faid E. F. after king duly fummoned toanfwer the faid charge, appeared before me on the	day	of	at

in tbt fid county, and having heard the charge contained in the faid information, declared he was not guilty of the faid offence, [or, a* the cafe may happen to be,] did not appear before me purfuant to tie faid Summons, [or, did negleft and refufe to make any defence the faid charge,] but the fame being fully proved upon the oath if G. H. a credible witnefs, [or, as the cafe may happen to be,] cdnewledged and voluntarily confeffed the fame to he true, and it ma~ niftJBj appears to me that he, the faid E. F. is guilty of the offence mpd upon him in the faid information; I do therefore hereby con* pM him of the offence aforefaid, and do declare and adjudge that he, \hfoid E. F. hath forfeited the fum of	of	lawful

mej of Great Britain for the offence aforefaid, to be diftributed as the law direfls, according to the form of\hejlatute in that cafe made oni provided. Given under my band and Jeal, the

fa) f

LV. Provided neverthelefs. That it (hall and may be lawful joftice may to and for the faid juftice, where he (hall fee caufe, to mitigate mitigate the and Jeflen any fuch penalties as he (hall think fit, reafonable cofts penalties, and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the difcomy as in profecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above fuch mitigation, and fo as fuch mitigation do not re-	•

duce tl* penalties to lefs than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the faid cofts and charges; any thing contained in this aA, or any other aft of parliament, to the contrary not-frithftanding.

LVI. Arid be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Receive*’ That the feveral duties herein-before granted (hall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time to pijr the* being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, duties granted who (hall keep a feparate and diftinlt account of the feveral by this aA into rates and duties, and pay the fame, (the neceflary charges 0f the exchequer* railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deduAed) into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the duties now charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, andfaper, are dire&ed to be paid; and that in the office of the Auditor to auditor of the faid receipt (hall be provided and kept a book or keepa feparate books,in which all the monies arifing from the faid feveral rates amount there-and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be 0 * entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences as are ducAed to be paid and payable purfuant to an a£t of the laft

feffipn

Google

^I4p	Anno	vicefimo	Georgn III. c.52*/	[1780.

fcflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for raifing a certain fumtf money by way of annuities, and for efiablijhing a lottery.

Partof an aft IyVIJ. And be it further enadled by the authority aforeiak!, of 9 Anna re- yhat f0 much of an a<51, made in the ninth year of the reign of % * her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for efablijbinga general pofl- office for all her Majtjbfs dominions, and for fettling 0 weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the fervice of the war, and pther her Majefty* s occafions, as retrains any perfons, other than # the ‘poftmafter-general for the time being, and the refpedivc deputies and fubftitutes of fuch poftmafter-general, from preparing or providing, or from letting to hire, or furnifhing horfes or furniture for riding poft within this kingdom, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

Perfons fued LVM. And'be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid, for any thing That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, done in porlu- molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or *^ma1 plead 'cxccutec^ *n purfuance of this a<5l, or of any claufe, matter, or the*general thing, herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall or may UTue7	plead the general iftiie, and give the fpecial matter in evidence

find recover For his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdidl fhall pafs treblecofti.	for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs

become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or . plaintiffs,

CAP. L1I,

An aff for granting to his Majefty additional duties upon ftatch and hair powder imported, and upon Jiarch made in Great Britain, and upon fwetts.

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. W7 ® your Majefty’s dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the VV commons of Greet Britain, in parliament aftembled, towards railing, by the moft eafy means, the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty thefeventl %	imports	and duties herein-after mentioned 5 and do moft humbly

befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the After July 5, fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand 1780, an addi- feven hundred and eighty, there fhall be railed, levied, colled-

per pound ec*’ an<* Pa^>t0 anc* ^or thc u^c Majefty, his heirs and fuc-to bepaid on ceffors, for and upon all (larch, and upon hair powder made of importation of ftarch, or other powder that will ferve for the fame ufes as it arch and on ftarch, which, from and after the fifth day of July^ one thou-roadeordCr knc* kvcn hundred an<* c*gbty, Audi be imported or brought thu,cb,°&c. Int0 T^e kingdom of Great Britainr (over and above all cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties, already impaled thereupon,) the fum of

two-

iiyilo.] Anno vicefimo GeoRgii III. C-5*.

'two-pence for every pound weight, arid after that rate for a.

greater or lefler quantity; which Alid additional import or duty j dull be paid down in ready money, without any difcbunt dr [allowance, on importation ; and (hall be alfo fubjeft and liable which duty [to an additional import or duty of five pounds per centumt in the fliall be liable Srtme manner as the additional duty of five pounds per centum is to the addltio-Igranted to his Majefty, by an a<rt made in the la(t feflion of gjant^by *19 i parliament, (intituled. An ail for granting to his Majefty addition Ge0.yc.a5w riw/ duties upon the produce of the feveral duties under the management oif tie refpeflive commijfmers of the cuftoms and excife in Great •Britain,) are directed to be colle&ed and paid.

■ II. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- No drawback"

, iaid. That no part of the faid duties herein-before granted, (haH to be allowed jbe repaid or drawn back upon the exportation of the faid ftarch, exportati-Jhair powder, or other powder; and that the faid duties (hall be NeW duties to Tailed, levied, recovered, and paid, in fuch manner and form’, be levied and\ and by fiich ways and means, as the former imports or duties recovered as ofeuftom on ftarch and hair powder imported, are now raifed, ^Ce^rmcr , kfied, collected, recovered, and paid, by any a6t or afls of parliament now in force, (except where any alteration is made by this ad,) as fully and effe&ually, to all intents and purpofes, as if thefeveral claufes, powers, and provifions, in fuch ads, had been repeated and again ena&ed in the body of this prefent art.

III.	And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid, After Jnfyy/ That for and upon all ftarch of what kind foever, which, at \78o#anaddj-any time after the faid fifth day of July> one thoufand feven /d? per pound hundred and eighty, (hall be made within the kingdom of Great to be paid for Britain,, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto ?U ftarch made and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and Aicceflbrs, an ad- ||V^reat Bri~ didonal duty of one penny for every pound weight, confiding of

fixteen ounces of avoirdupoife, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity; the fame to be paid by the makers thereof reipertively.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, The aforefaid That for all ftarch which any rtarchmakers, or any perfon or c*“<

perfons in truft for him or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, Sarchin hand (hall be poffefled of, and interefted in, upon the faid fifth day of on July 5,

Jufa one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, for fale, there 17*0* fliall be yielded and paid to his Majefty the like refpe&ive rates is ait by this a€t to be paid for the like forts of ftarch refpeo-thriy, to be made or imported after the faid fifth day of ulyy one thoufand feven hundred and eighty; and that all and every 5tarchm*k«i% the laid ftarchmakers, and all and\every other perfon and per- due entry of (bis who, in truft for them, or any of them, or for the ufe of fuch dock, on them, or any of them, (half be poflefled of, or have in his, her, penalty of 50!. or their ouftody or pofleffion, or in his, her, or their workhoufe, and forfcitiiri wirehoufe, ftorehoufe, (hoproom, or other place or places wharioever, upon the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, any ftock, parcel, or quantity of ftarch, of foreign or Britfh manufacture, for faie, (hall, on of before the i	faid

j$Z	Anno	vicefimoGfioRGtt	III.	c. g*. t I7®°J

TaW fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, make a true and particular entry thereof, at the office for the 4aid duties on ftarch, within the limits of which they (hall re-Jpedlively inhabit, Upon pain to forfeit the funi of fifty pounds, and the ftarch for which no fuch entry (hall have heen made; and within fix days after he, (he, or they (hall have made, or ought to have made, fuch entry, as aforefaid, (hall pay down the duties-hereby payable for fuch ftarch, or, within the faid fix days,' (hall give fecurity to the proper officers for paying the fame duties, to his Majefty’s ufe, within three months thence next enfuing; and in cafe the faid duties for fuch (lock of ftarch be paid down within the faid fix days, then there (hall be allowed out of the faid duty, for fuch prompt payment, an allowance, after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, for the (aid time of three months; and that all and every fuch ftarchmakcrs who (hall refufe or negledt to make fuel) payment, or to give fuch fecurity for payment, of the faid duties upon his; her, or their (lock of ftarch, within the time by this adl limited for that purpofe, (hall forfeit double the fum of the faid duty wbtck Officers to take (hould have been fo paid or fecured as aforefaid: and that it an<* may be lawful to and for the proper officers for the ^	fame duties refpedlively, to take a true and particular account of

all fuch flock, or quantities of ftarch, as any ftarchmaker, or others in truft for them, (hall, on the faid fifth day of ,7uly, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, have or bepouefiedof; and for that purpofe Ihall be permitted, in the day-time* to enter into any workhoufe, warehoufe, dwelling-houfe, outhqufe, or other places belonging to fuch ftarchmaker, who are hereby required to permit fuch officer and officers upon requeft to make fuch entrance on the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, or afterwards at any time after the duty lad mentioned mall be paid or fecured, and to take an account of'the quantity of fuch ftarch, under the penalty of twenty pounds: and if any maker of ftarch, having, on the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, in his, her; remove orcon- or their cuftody or poffeffion, any (lock or quantity of ftarch .‘ofhis^ock, chargeable by this a& as aforefaid* (hall clandeftinely remove or before the du- carry away, or caufe or fuffer to be removed or carried away, the ties are paid fame, or any part thereof, before the duties thereupon (hall be ®r	paid or fecured as aforefaid, or (hall fraudulently hide or conceal

and aU*1fuch any P31* bis, ber, or *8**	^arch>	then,	and	ia

ftarch fo re- every fuch cafe, he, (he, or they, ib offending (hall, for every moved or con-fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; add in every cealcd. fuch cafe> the ftarch fo removed or concealed (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any of the officers for the faid Penalty on the duties: and the perfon in whofe cuftody fpeh (lock of (larch perron in (hall be found, who (hail not, before the difeovery thereof, give rborrftody notice, at the next office for the faid duties on (larch, of the (hall be found. or ftuant*ty of ftarch fo in his, her, or their cuftody; (hall ’ alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty (hillings for every pound Penalties and weight; which faid feveral fines, penalties, and forfeitures, (hall forfeitures	fo

and within fix days after, to pay the dudes, or to give fecurity for paying them in three months.

Penalty on JKgk&,

ftock in hand, and for that purpofe may enter warehouses; &c» in the day-time#

If any ftarchmaker (hail

Digitized by LjOOQle

r;8o.] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 52.	145

be fued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated, by fuch ways and how to be methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be fued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by * aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Mayfly's courts of record at fVeJlminfter; and one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, and forfeiture, (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, and his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall difeover, inform, or fue for the feme.

V* And be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid, That, After July 5, from and after the fsrid fifth day of July* one thoufand feven handred and eighty, there (hall be raifed, levied, coliefted, and. ^?rel paid, unto and for the ufe of his JVlajefty, his heirs and fuccef- to be paid by fors, for every barrel of liquor made within the <kingdom of the makers of Great Britain, for fale, by infufion, fermentation, or otherwife, fleets tor (Sde* from foreign fruit or fugar, or front fruit or fugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials Whatfoever, comtnonly called Sweets, or called or<liftingui(hed by the name of Made Wines^ for which no duty hath been already paid, or (hall be paid on or before the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, an additional duty of fix (hillings, to be paid by the makers thereof, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity.

VI.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- New duties on (aid, That the faid additional duties hereby impofed on Britijh Britifli made made ftarch, and on fweets, as aforefaid, (hall be railed, levied, |^rch anc* alleged, and paid, in the fame mdnner, and under fuch ma- i^£d and re-nagement, penalties, and forfeitures, and with fuch powers for covered,&c. recovering the fame, and by fuch rules, ways, and methods, as the former and with like drawbacks on Britijh made ftarch exported, as the duties former duties on ftarch made in Great Britain, and on fweets rdpeftively, are now raifed, levied, coliefted, and paid, under

the directions of any aft or afts of parliament now in force re-Ipcdfing the laid duties, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions,-rules, panties, and forfeitures, relating thereunto, were particularly here repeated, and again enafted, in the body of this prefent aft.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,* to be Ha-

That the faid feveral additional duties heyein-before granted on	a<^'

Britijh made ftarch, and on fleets or made wines, (hall be cenT^gramed moreover fubjeft and liable to an additional duty or impoft of by 19 Geo. 3* five pounds per centum on the produce and amount thereof * «• *5*

and feat fuch additional duty .or impoft of five pounds per cen~

/swlhall be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, in the fame manner, and under the fame rules, regulations, powers and authorities, ways and means, penalties and forfeitures, as the additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum, granted to his Majefty by an aft made in-the laft feflion of parliament, (inti-* toted, An atf far granting to his MajeJiy additional duties upon the predate af the feveral duties under the management of the rejpeftive empffionen of the cufiomiand txcife in Great Britain,) are direft-•d tot be collefted and paid.

VIII. And' *

New duties to be paid into the exchequer weekly.

Auditor to keep a feparate account of all monies paid in by virtue of this aft.

Application

thereof.

Perfons fued

in execution of this aft may plead the general iflue.

and recover treble coils*

Preamble.

Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. $3*	[1780;

VIII.	And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid additional impods and duties by this aft granted, (hall from time to time be paid into the hands of the receiver* general of the curtoms and excife in England refpeftively for the time beingj and fuch receivers-general refpeftively (hall weekly, to wit, on tVednefday in every week, if it be not an holiday, and if it be, then on the next day after that is not an holiday, an-fwer and pay all the monies anting by the faid additional ira-ports and duties, the necetifary charges of railing, collecting, and anfwering the fame only excepted, into the receipt of his Ma* jefty’s exchequer, diftinft and apart from all other monies which fuch receivers-gencral refpeftively (hall receive for the ufe of his Majerty, his heirs and fuccefiors, for the ufes and purpofes In this aft mentioned.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies anting from the (aid feveral imports and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered, feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majcftyj his heirs and fuccetibrs, upon any account whatsoever j and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer as aforefaid, mall be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences, as are directed to be paid and payable purfuant to an aft of this prefent feffion of parliament, (intituled. An aft for raifing a certain fum of money by way of annuities and for eflablifbing a lottery.)

X.	And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (ball, at any time or times, be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft,'or of any matter or thing in this aft contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general itiue, and give thefpeciai matter in evidence for his or their defence : and if upon trial a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

C A P. LIIL

An aft for raifing a further fum of money, by loam or exchequer b:lh% for the ftrvice of the year one thoufand [even hundred and eighty.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefiy* s mojl dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament ajfembled, towards raifing the tteceffary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefiy in this fejfion of parliament, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefiy the jum herein-after mentioned > and do therefore moji bum-bly befeech your Majefiy that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majerty, by and with the advice

and

1780 ] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. C.53.

145

ancf confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons,

in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the

fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commifli- Commiflloners

oners of his Majeftv’s treafury now or for the time being, or ^|ath^.<^afurJr

any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time ™oq™ooI.

being, at any time or times before the fifth day of January, one by loans and

thoufand feven hundred and eighty-onc, to caufe or direct any exchequer

loans to be taken or received at his Majefty’s exchequer from bc*‘°'e

any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies Jan‘17 f*

politick or corporate, pr any number of exchequer bills to be

made out there, for any fum or Turns of money, not exceeding

in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the fum of

one million nine hundred thoufand pounds, in the fame or like in manner as

manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like

rules and directions, as in and by an a<5t of this prefent feflion of j^n0is C *

parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majefly by fcribeJ, &c.

aland tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervtce of the year

me thoufand feven hundred and eighty, are preferibed concerning the

loans or'exchequer bills to be taken or made in purfuanceof the

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That The claufes in all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advanta- the laid aft ges, penalties, forfeitures, and difabiliries, contained in the faid relat,ng lad-mentioned aft, relating to the loans or exchequer bills au- oaasor 1 thorifed to bo made by the fame aft, (except fuch claufes as do (Exception) charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame aft, and except fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the faid aft, and extended to alfo except as is herein after mentioned) (hall be applied and this aft. extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in pur-

fuance of this aft, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorifed by the faid laft-mentioned aft, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re enafted in the body of this aft.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- £*rhfclH5r ,

thority aforefaid. That no exchequer bill or bills to be made	re-

out by virtue of this aft (hall, after the fame hath or have been ccjVed again iflbed at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the in payment of fixth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eight-one, taxes, received or taken, or pafs or be current to any receiver or col-

leftoi' in Great Britain of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax whaffoever, due or payable to his Majefly, bis heirs or fucceflors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from toy fuch receiver or colleftor, or from any other perfon or perfects, bodies politick or corporate, otherwife or on any other account than for the difeharge and cancelling of fuch bills, in ale the fame (hall be in due courfe or order of payment before the faid fixth day of April; nor (hall any fuch receiver or col- norexchanged kftor exchange, at any time before the laid fixth dav of April, bc^>re ApiiU, fix	'	iich	revenues, aids* taxes, or fupplies, in his 17 4‘

laid aft.

L

hands.

Digitized by v^»ooQle

146	Anno	vicefimo Georgii III. c. 5 3.	[1780,

hands, any exchequer bill or bills which (hall have been ifiued Adlion1 not to as afocefaid by virtue of this adt; nor (hall any adlion be main-Vefufal.UCh taincd againft any fuch receiver or colledlor for neglcdttng or refufing to exchange any fuch bill or bills for ready money, before the faid fixth day of April \ any thing in the faid adt made in this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. Ahaft fir granting an aid to bis Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain,/*r the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, or this adl, contained to the contrary notwithftanding. Money fo IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, raifed to be That all fuch loans or exchequer bills, together with the inte-^e^xtpar- rc^» premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending (he liamentary fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, aid;	and (hall be repaid or borne by or out of the firft aids or fup-

and if fuffici- plies which (hall be granted in the next feflion of parliament; ctent (applies and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofe (hall not before Ju?nte<* ^ Srantcd before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven 17lt\ J y 5* hundred and eighty-one, then all the (aid loans or exchequer to be charged bills, with the mtereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident 00 the finking to or attending the fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged and fund.	chargeable upon fuch monies as, at any time or times at or after

the laid fifth day of July, (hall be or remain in the receipt of the • exchequer, of tne furplufles, excefles, overplus-monies, and other revenues compofing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any adt or a&s of parliament in that behalf;) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be ifliied and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly (fated and afeertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difeharging, fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and di(charged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept an'd referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpedtive proprietors thereof.

M nies fo if- V. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority fued to be re- aforefaid, That whatever monies (hall be fo iffiied out of the P,ac?d oul faid furplufles, excefles, overplus-monies, or other revenues plies. fUP* compofing the finking fund, (hall from time to time be replaced by and out of the firft fupplies* to be then after granted in parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-flanding.

Bank of Eng- VI. And be it declared and further enabled by the authority land authorif- aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and ed to advance company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Ma-on the credit ie^y> *n hke manr*er, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the of this aft i credit of loan granted by this adl, any fum or Turns of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of one m’llion nine hun-an a& 5&6 dred thoufand pounds; any thing in an adl, made in the fifth an(j fixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, fKKwithttand-	An	aft	for	granting	to	tbeir	Majejiies	ftveral rates and

*'	o	dutit

Digitized by

*47

*7$o,] Aonq v!p$fimo Georgii III. c. 54.

duties u(pn tonnage pfflips and vefels, and ypon beer, ale, and other Jiftprs, fgr fecurlng certain' recompences and advantages'in the /aid 08 mentioned to fuch 'perfont as Jhatl voluntarily advance the fum of pne milEonfive hundred thoufand pounds, towards canning on the war againftPx aricc^ to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. LIV.

Jn ad for appointing and enabling commijjiontrs to examine, take, andfate the pubhck accounts of the kingdom; and to report what balances arr in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the publick fervice; and wnat defeats there are in the prefent mode of receiving, ditchings iffuing, and accounting for publick money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and lefs expenftye manner, the faid fervices can in future be regulated and carr ied on for the benefit of the publick.	'

TTHERE A S many duties, taxes, and monies, have been of Preamble. Je\ late years granted^ raifed, and appropriated, for the publick iptvice of this kingdom; ayd whereas the prejtnt method of accounting "for the receipts, jjfoes, and expenditure of the fame, is attended with tptflt delay and expence, and many and very extenfive accounti remain unfit tied, from whence great 'inconvenience ana lofs to the fiublkk arife:, wherefore, to the intent that his Majefly, and the people of . this kingdom, may be fatisfied and truly informed whether all the faid . juries, taxes, and monies, fo as aforefaid granted, raifed, and appro-.fruited, for the publick fervice of this kingdom, have been faithfully . ijfuei out, difpojed, ordered, and expended, for the ends and purpdfes jpr tqbicb they were granted; and alfo to the intent that the balances remaining in the hands of the different accountants may,as foon as pojftble, be applied to the uft and benefit of the publick, and that the defers in the prefent method of coile fling, iffuing, expending, and accounting for the food duties, taxes, and monies, may be correfled and amended, and that a more expeditious, more ejfeflual, and lefs expenfive method of loUefling, iffuing, expending, and accounting for the fame, may from henceforth be ejlablijhed\ be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice andconfcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affcoibled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar, lieutenant Commiflioner* general fir Guy Carleton, Thomas Anguijh efquire, Arthur Pigot appointed to dejuire, Richard Neave efquire, Samuel Beachcroft cfquire, James Tierney efquire, and George Drummondefquire, or any three or 1 if^accounts" more of them, fhall be, and they are hereby conftituted com- of thekiug-miflioners for examining, taking, and dating the accounts of all dom. duties, taxes, and monies, granted, raifed, and appropriated, for the publick fervice of this kingdom, which have been iflued to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, whofe final accounts have not hitherto been pafled before the auditor of the impreft, according to the forms of the exchequer, or whofe accounts, although parted, have been for fervices which hart been performed fince the firft day of January, one thoufand feven huh-

L 2	dred

/

Google

148	Anno vicefimo Georgii III. C.54.	[1780.

drcd and feventy-fix; and alfo of all fuch duties, taxes, and monies, which (nail hereafter be granted, raifed, -and appropriated, for the publick fervice of this kingdom, at any time before the determination of this prefent aft, and of all arrears thereof; and alfo for examining and dating in what manner, and at what times, the receipts, iflues, and expenditures, of the faid publick monies are now accounted for; and for considering of, and reporting by what means and methods the publick accounts may in future be pafled, and the accountants compelled to pay the balances or monies due from them in a more expeditious, more effectual, and lefs expenfive manner.

Commiflion- II. And* to the intent that the publick may foomr avail tbemfehes ers,in thefirft of fome of the advantages intended to be derived from this a&9 be it Pla^c» of further enafted, That the faid commiflioners (hall, in the firft publkkmo^ P*ace» ta^e an account of th$ publick monies in the hands of nies in the the feveral accountants, and for that purpofe (hall call on them hands of the to deliver in a ca(h account, and (hall confider what fum it may

feveita If* it ProPer to leave *n hands of each accountant refpeftively coun n s, c. fof carryjng on the fcrvices to which the fame is or may be applicable, and what fums may be taken out of their hands to be difpofed of by parliament for the publick fervice; all which they are hereby direfted to report to his Majefty, and to both houfes of parliament, in the next fefiion of parliament.

Commiflioners III. And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be to examine,on lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or any three or more oath, tl^au~ of them, and they are hereby impowered, authorized, and re-other#officers,U,(lu^re^>t0 examine upon oath, (which oath they, or any three of the exche- or more of them, are hereby authorifed to adminifter,) the au-ouer, comraif- ditors, and all other the officers of the exchequer; the commif-treafu* °*ad* ^oners’ anc^ ot^er officers of the treafury; the commiflioners, rairalty^&c.' and all other the officers of the admiralty; the pavmafler gene-*	*	ral and deputy paymafters of his Majefty’s army, and all other

the officers in the office of the faid paymafter; his Majefty’s fe-cretary at war, and all other officers dependant upon him and under his controul; the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy, and all other the officers in the office of the faid treafurer; and the comptrollers, commiflioners, and furveyor of nis Majefty’s navy, and all other officers dependant upon or under the controul of the faid comptrollers, commiflioners, and furveyor; the commiflioners for victualling his Majefty’s navy, and all other the officers dependant upon or under the controuler of the (aid commiflioners; the mafter general, lieutenant general, furveyor general, and officers compofing the board of ordnance, and ail other the officers dependant upon or under the controul of the faid mafter general, lieutenant general, and furveyor general, or board of ordnance j the commiflioners, collectors, receivers, and all other the officers and perfons concerned or employed in collecting, receiving, or managing, the feveral branches of the pub-ami alfo com* lick revenue; and alfo all commanders in chief of his Majefty’s mauders in forces by fea or land, and all governors, commiflaries, or other chief by fea or perfons having the power of granting warrants, or of iflbmg,

dilburfing.

Digitized by

Google

1780.] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 54.	149

difburfing, or expending money belonging to the publick, or of land, govern-drawing bills, or making contracts, or purchafing provifions or ftores, or other neceflaries, or who have granted warrants,lanc,, c* iflued, disburfed, or expended money belonging to the publick, or drawn bills, or made contracts, or purchafed provifions, ftores, or other neceflaries, for the fupply of his Majetty’s forces by fea or by land, or for the defence of the iflands or places where they refpeftively have had or have commands; and all other commiflaries, mufter-matters, and agents, and all perfons whatfoever, who have been concerned or employed in tranf-porting, victualling, clothing, or fupplying his Majefty’s forces by fea or by land, or in remitting money for the ufe of the fame; and all other perfons whom the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall think fit to examine touching the receipt, ifliie, expenditure, and manner of accounting for the duties, taxes, and monies, fo granted, raifed, and appropriated, and touching all other matters and things neceflary for the execution of the powers vetted in the faid commiflioners by th$ faid a ; all which officers and perfons are hereby -directed All which of-and required punctually to attend the faid commifliofter$, at fleers,&c. are fiich time or place as they, or any three or more of them, (hall TOmmiflU)n-C appoint, and alfo to obferve and execute fuch orders and direc- erg# and'exe-tions as the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, cute their or-(hall make or give for the purpofes before-mentioned.	ders.

IV. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the Commiflioners faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, fhall be, and impowered to are hereby impowered to examine into any cowupt and fraudu- examine mto^ lent practices, or other mifconduCt, committed by any perfon or pra<tticesinthe perfons concerned in the management of any of the duties* taxes, management or monies, fo granted, raifed, or appropriated, as aforefaid; and of publick for the better execution of this prefent aCt, the faid commiflio- xheir'olacc of ners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorifed to meeting, meet and fit, from time to time, in the old fecretary of ftate’s ofice at Whitehall^ or in any other places where ihey iba.Il think fir, with or without adjournment, and to fend their precept or precepts, under their hands and feals, for any perfon May fend for Of perfons whatfoever; and for fuch books, papers, writings, or papersor rerecords, as they (hall judge neceflary, for their information re- cord8* latingto the accounts, matters, and things aforefaid; and all bailiffs, conftables, fheriffs, and other his Majetty’s officers, are hereby required to obey and execute fuch orders and precepts aforefaid, as (hall be fent to them, or any of them, by the faid commiflioners, or ariy three of more of them,, touching the Commiflioners premifes : and the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorifed to appoint and employ fuch clerks, an(j afjogir* meffengers, and officers, as they (hall think meet, and to give to them falarien every of the faid clerks and officers an oath for his true and faithful demeanor in all things relating to the due performance of the truft repofed in him by the faid commiflioners, and in all other things touching the premifes; which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the faid N	L	3	truft

Digitized by

Google

r i ISO

Com m»fli oners to give an account of their proceedings to hisMaj fly, and to both houfes of parliament.

Enumeration of particulars to be contained in (ucb account.

No com midi-oner to hold a .ciyil--office

of.profit during pleafure under bis Ma-jefty.

Any three of the commifli-oners to be fworn before the chancellor of the exchequer! &c«

Anno vicefimo Georgi! llli C. 54.v [bto.1

tru/l in fthem fe y er a I ly and rejpeftively repofed, without' talcing * ap.y thing for’fych their fervice, other than fuch (alary oir reward'* a? the laid cQmjnilfioners,, or any three or more of'them,'(hall think fit to,direft and appoint in that behalf. ^

. V. And be it further enafted, Tliat the faid commirtioners ' (hall, from time to time, at their diferetion, or as often as they (ball be thereunto requited, and as foon as poffible after the determination of their examinations and proceedings by virtue of^ this aft, without any further requifition, give an account oFtheir^ proceedings, in writjng under their hands and Teals, or under the hands and feals of any three or more of them, to the l£ing*s. mofi> excellent raajefty, and to both houfes of parliament j. and (hall in like manner report to his Majefty, and to both hbufes^ of parliament, an exaft (late of the fees or gratuities paid or given* in-collecting, iffuing, expending,^ and accounting tor, the faijij publick monies, and the authority under which fuch fees and gratuities are paid or received; and alfo what defefts they have obferved, during tbe courfe of their examinations and proceedings by virtue of this aft, in the prefent mode of contracting ^ fpr publick Cervices, or of executing publick fervices by agents,' or. of collecting, ifluing, expending, and accounting fori the1 publick monies i and whether the faid defefts arife from any" omiffion or misdirection in the laws refpefting the courfe ufed iUf ^lve receipt qf theexchequer,, or from any defeft in the cori-ftjrution in the offices qf the auditors ot the impreft, or from the want pf a fuffiejent number of fit and able aidants employed by the faid auditors, in the execution of their offices; or from any defeft in the conftitution of any pf (he offices concerned in ifluing, expending, and accounting for the money appropriated1 to t,he publick^fervice, pr from a want of a fufficient power to’ ppiupel the feverai accountants to pafs their refpeftive accounts. ymhout delay* or from any other, and what caufe; and (hall in like manner report to his Majefty, and to both houfes of parliament, fuch orders, rules, and regulations, as in their judgement (hall appear fit and expedient to be eftablilhed, in ordet that the duties, taxes, and monies, granted, raifed, and appropriated, for the. publick fervice of this kingdom, may hereafter be received, ilfped* expended, and accounted for, in the manner the molt expeditious, rood effeftual, molt beneficial, and advantageous to the publick,

, VJ. Apd be it further epafted, That no perfon appointed i com mi fli oner by thi? aft, (hall accept -of or bold any civil office of profit dMring pleafure from or under his Majefly during the continuance of this aft.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That any three of the faid qommiffioners in this,aft, before they enter upon t^e execution of the fame, (hall take an oath before the chancellor of the exchequer^ or before the matter of the rolls for the time being, (wjiich they and pither of them ai;e hereby authoriTed and required toadminifter,} the tenor whereof (hall be as followeth j (that is to fay,)

I A. B.

Digitized by

Google

1780.], Anno vicefunQ Georgii III. c. 54,	151

1A.	do /weary that, according to the bejl of my Jkill and know- The oath.

ledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly, execute the feveral powers and trufts vejlcd in me hy an aft, intituled. An adt for appointing and enabling commiflioners to examine, take, and (late tbe publick accounts of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the publick fervice; and what defedls there are in the prtfent mode of receiving, collecting, ifluing, and accounting for publick money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and lefs cxpenfive manner, the faid fervices can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the publick; according to tbe tenor and purport of the faid a ft.

and every other of the faid commiflioners in the adt named (hall The faid three lifcewife take the fame oath before the faid three commiflioners,' who are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame the oath to after tney (hall thcmfelves have taken the faid oath a$ aforefaid. the reft.

VIII.	And be it further enabled. That the lords commiflio- Lords of the nets of the treafury, or lord high treafgrer for the time being, treafury may are hereby authorifed and required to iflue and caufe to be paid p£e order of** all fuch turns of money, not exceeding two thoufandpounds,'toecommifli-to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiflioners, 6f any oners, three or more of them, (hall; by writing under their hands, defire or. diredt, out of any part of the publick monies remaining in his Majefty’s exchequer; which fums fo iffued and paid (hair Application he employed for the payment of clerks, meflengers, and other* thereof, officers, and in defraying all other neceffary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this adt, and in fuch manner, and in fuch proportions, as (hall be appointed by the faid commiflioners, or apy three or more of them, by writing under their hands and feals, in that behalf; the fame to be accounted for by the perfon or perfons tp whom the fame (hall be iflued or paid, according to the courfe of his Majefty’s exchequer, without any fees or other charges to be taken or demanded for the ifluing and payment of the fame on the pafling of the faid accounts, other than fuch fum as the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall appoint.

IX,	And be it further enadted, That if any fuch publick ac- Executors of countapt is dead, the executors or adminiftrators of fuch de- attend*com -^ ceafeid accountant fhall, when required thereto by the commit- miffion*rs,and Goners, or any three or more of them, attend the faid commif- execute their fioners, and obferve and execute the orders and difedtions oforder#* the (afd commiflioners, in like manner as accountants by this	j

aft are required to do.	t

X.	And be it further enadted, That this adt, fo far as relates C?n^nu??cr to the powers of taking, examining, and dating accounts, arid 0 1 ,sa • adtninidering of oaths and ifluing of precepts, (hall endure fpr the fpace of one year from the fifth day of July, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty, and no longer.	1

L4	CAP.

Digitized by t^ooQle

J52

Preamble.

Recital of an aft 13 and 14 Car. a.

I .

Part of the recited aft repealed.

Anno vlcefimo Georgii III. c. 55.	[1780*

C A P. LV.

An aft to repeal fo much of an aft9 made in the thirteenth and four. teetith years of the reign of King Charles the fecond9 as refrains the removal of wool, and other articles, to certain times and hours therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made in the thirteenth and jour te tntb years of the reign of King Charles the Second^ (intituJedy An aft againft the exporting Of fheep, wool, wool-iells, mortlings, fhorlings, yarn made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers-carth, fulling clay, ancj tobacco-pipe clay,) it is9 amongfl other things, enaft ej9 That no packs, fucks, bags, or cajks, of any wool) wool-fells, mortlings, Jhorlings, yarn made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers-earth, fulling clay, or tobacco-pipe clay, Jljall be laid or loaded on any hcrfey cart, or other carriage wbatfoever, or Jhall be carried or conveyed by land to or from any place or places within the kingdom of England, town of Berwick, or dominion afore[aid, nor after the firft day of January, one tboufand fix hundred and fixty two, in the king-dom a/'Ireland, but in the day-time, and at Jeafcnoble hours; that is to fay,from and after the firjl day of March to the nine and twenti-eth day 0/* September yearly, between the hours offour of the clock in the morning and eight of the clock in the evening ; and from the nine and twentieth day of September to the firjl day of March yearly, between the hours offeven of the clock in the morning and five of the clock in the evenings under1 the penalty of the lofs and forfeiture of all fuch goods, or the value thereofand whereas, fince the making the faid recited aft, feveral other regulations and rejiriftions have been ejlablijhed, by various other afts oj parliament which are now in force, to prevent the exportation of wool, and the other* articles herein-before mentioned; and it has been found very inconvenient, and in many cafes impracticable, for the growers and manufacturers of and dealers in wool to remove their wool to be manufactured, or to the publiik fairs and markets in Great Britain, within the times and hours limited by the faid aft of parliament hcrein-before recited, without fuch an additional delay and expence to the proprietors as would be greatly prejudicial and injurious to the woollen manufactures of this kingdom ; for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be ten-afted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiriruat and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembted, and by the authority of the fame, Thar, from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, fo much of die herein-before recited aft of parliament, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, as rellrains the carrying or conveying of wool, Wool-fells, mortlings, fhcrlings, yarn made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers-earth, fulling clay, or tobacco-pipe clay, within the times and hours in the faid aft mentioned, ihall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void; but fuch wool wool-fells, * mortlings, fhorlings, yarn made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers-

eartb.

Digitized by

1780.] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. C.56.	15J

earth, fulling clay, and tobacco-pipeclay, (hall, in all other re-fpeels, be fubjed and liable to the feveral reftridions and regulations prefcribed by the faid recited ad, or by any other dd or acts of parliament refpedively relating therflb which are now in force, in the fame manner as if this ad had not been made. .

CAP. LVI.

An aft for continuing in the pojfefflon of the united company of mer-(bonis of England trading to the Eaft Indies, for a further time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies; and for reviving, and continuing for a further time, fa much of an aft, made in the thirteenth, jtar of the reign of his prefent Majefly, (intituled, An ad for eftabiilhing certain regulations for the better management of \ the affairs of the Eajl India company, as well in India as in Europe,) as hath expired in the courfe of the prefent year; and for indemnifying the faid company for any money they have paid, or map pay, in or about the building of three Jhips of the line for the fcrvice of the publick.

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the thirteenth year of the Preamble reign of his prefent Majefly, (intituled, An ad for granting Rccital of to his Majefly a fum of money, to be raifed by exchequer bills, ,$Geo.yc.6u and to be advanced and applied, in the manner, and upon the terms, therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies,) it was dire ft-ed, That the commiffioners of his Majefly's treafury, or the lord high treofurer for the time being, fbould cauft to be prepared and made any number of exchequer bills, not exceeding in the whole the amount of m million four hundred thoufand pounds, to be lent, advanced\ and ijfucd, as in the faid aft was direfted, for the relief of the united imponp of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies: and whereas by the faid aft it was declared, That in the then circumftances tf the Eaft India company, it would not be in their power to provide fr the repayment of the loan aforefaid, and for eflablifhing their offers upon a more Jecure foundation for the time to come, unlefs the publick Jbould agree to forego, for the then prefent time, all participation in the profits arifing from the territorial acquifitions and revalues ktelp obtained in the Eaft Indies; and therefore it was by the faid aft rnftei, That, until the aforefaid fum of one million four hundred thoufanipounds Jbould be repaid, and fhe bond debt of the company be umA io the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, the '	<

whole clear profits arifing from the aforefaid territorial acquifitions sod revenues, after defraying the charges and expences attending the font, together with all the clear revenue and profits of the faid com-	•’	\	.'

ponp, after providing for the current payments of interefi, and other ■ .

M&*i*gs, charges, dnd expences, of the faid company, Jhould, from time to time, be aijpofed of and applied in the manner as in . the faid aft was direfted that is io fay, Until the aforefaid fum of one million fair hundred thoufifnd pounds jbould be repaid, ana fo long as the faid [m} or any part thereof, fbould remain unpaid, there Jhould, in the

Digitized by

Google

*5^	Anno	vkelimQjGfcMUJii	*III,c,$r6.	[47845.

frfipkce, h Jet apart end applied* cut of the faid clear revenues and profits, Jucb a fum as might be Jujficient for anfwering a dividend to the,proprietors of the flock of the Jaid company** not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per ofctfutn pec annum upon the capital flock of the Jaid company; and all the fur plus of the faid clear revenues and profits Jhould be applied in diminution of the faid fum of one million four* bur^ dred thou/and pounds, or fuebpart tptreqf asjbould be remaining unpaid, and for defraying the charges incurred in refpeft thereof > and after the repayment of the whole of the money fo advanced and applied as afore faid, and until the bond debt of the faid company Jhould be reduced to the fum of one million five hundred tboufand pounds, there Jhould in like manner be fet apart and applied, in the firfi place, out if the faid char revenues and profits, fuch fum as might be fuffident for anfwering a dividend not exceeding the rate of fitven pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital flock of the faid company 5 after which dll the Jurp]as of the faid dear revenues and profits Jhould be applied in reducing the bond debt of the faid company, and whereas the faid fum of one million four hundred tboufand pounds has been repaid and fid!y d\fcharged, and ulhhe charges incurred in refpeltJhereof have been defrayed, and the bond debt of the faid company has been reduced to* or under, the fum of one Million five, bundled. tboufajod, pounds, whereby the circumfiances, in confederation whereof it was in the aforefaid act declared, that the publick Jhould agree to fOnego, for the then prefent time, all participation in the prom dnfing from the territorial aequifitions and revenues lately Obtained in the Eaft Indies have ceafed and are determined-,, but whereas, notwitbflandiHgx tf may be expedient that the aforefaid territorial acqufitions and revenues Jhould, for a limited time, and under certain conditions and re-jh ifliotis, remain in the pojfejfion of the united company of merchants of England trading to the. Eaft Indies: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled > and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpirftual and temporal, and commons, m this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the obtained in the fame, That all tlie territorial, acquisitions and revenues lately ob^ remain in**t0 u*ne^ *n *he ^ajl Indies^ (hall remain in the pofleflion or the pofleflion of united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and their fucceflors^ for and during the terr# of one veaf, to be computed from the fifth day of April\ in the year ot dttf Lord one thoufand fever* hundred and eighty.

No dividend U* Provided always, and be it further enabled by tfie autho-to be made by rity aforefaid. That, for and during the faid term, the whole the company; clear profits arifing from the faid territorial acquifiuons and re-before April 5, venues, after defraying the charges and expences attending the than eMit101^ ^amc» together with all the clear revenue and profits of the faid cent.Cper anm comply* after providing for the current payments of inrereft,

* and other outgoings, charges, and expences, of the faid company, (hall be difpofed or and applied in manner following; (that is to fay,) It (hall and may be lawful, out of the faid ctehr revenues and profits, to fet apart and apply, in the firft place, fuch fum as may be fuffiejent for anfwering a dividend to the

pro-

Ait the territorial acquifi tioni and revenues, lately

the company till April 5, 1781.

/ Digitized by

*55

1780.] Anno'vicelimo GEORGii 111.

proprietors ofthe dock of the Paid company, not exceeding the rate of eight pounds pet centum per annum upon the capital flock of the faid company ; after which the whole furplus of the faid dear revenues arid profits {hall be referved and await any future agreement that may be made between the pubhek and the faid company.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, The company That, daring the continuance of this aft, the Paid united com- *rc t0 10 pany do caufe, and they are hereby direfted and required to caufc, ‘half>earlyl> to be made up half-yearly, with as much accuracy as the nature during the

of the cafe will admit, a ftatemeht or account of the profit and continuance lofs upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the faid com- of th* pany* together with a ftatc of the debts of' the faid company in and llu England, exclunve of their bond debt, to the firft day of Septem- upon th,ir. br, and the firft day of March; the firft of fuch ftatement* or trade. See. accounts to be made Up from the fil'd day of March to the firft day of September, one thoufand feVen hundred and eighty; and which to tranfoiit fuch ftatement or account fairly written, and figned tranfntitted t& by two or more of the direftbrs of the faid united company,‘^ert^f’the' within twenty-one days after the day to which fuch ftatement or treafury. * * account (hall be made up refpeftively, to the commiflioners of Iris Majefty’s treafury, or the high tfeafurer for the time being.

IV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, dur- The company ing the continuance of this aft, it fhall not be lawful for the faid rellrifted from

aited company, or their fucceflors, or any of their officers or accepting bill* ijrvants on their account, to accept or otherwife bind the	drawn	on

company, or their fucceflors, for the payment of any bill or bills them by their c; exchange, drawn by any of rheir officers or fervants, at any of officer*, See. in their prefidencies in the Ea/l Indies, for any fum exceeding the thcEaft Indies, fum of three hundred thoufand pounds, exclufive of certificates, to the amount of eight thoufand pounds, to the commanders and officers of each of the company’s (hips, without the confent and without the tier firft had and obtained of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s

J J e coTnmMtionrT*

t:eaiury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of of the treafury. the high treafurer for the time being; who are hereby refpec-tively authorifed to give fuch confent, or to make fuch order thereon, as they (hall judge expedient; and every acceptance or engagement made contrary to the true meaning and intent of this act, (hall be null and void to all intents and purpofes.

V.	And whereas by another aft, pajjed in the fame feffioh of par- Rec;fai Qf lament, [intituled, An aft for eftablilhing certain regulations for x;Geo.; c 63. the better management of the affairs of the Eaft India company,

as well in India as in Europe,) it was, among other things, enabled.

That, fir the government of tbe prefedency of Fort William in Bengal, there Jhould be appointed a governor-general and four counfellors, and that the whole civil and military government of the faid pr eftdemy, cid cl ft the ordering, management, and government, of all the tern-ttrialaquifstidns and revenues in the kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and Ohlfa, fihfil, during fuch lime as the territorial acquifitions and re~ venues Jh:u!d rerhain in the poffeffton of the faid united company, be ifed in the faid governor-genera! and council of the faid preftdency of

Fort

Digitized by

Google

*5«	Anno	vicefirao Georgii III; 0,56.	[1780.

Fort William in Bengal; and alfo that the governor-general^ and four firji counfellors* appointed by the faid aft*flould each of them bdd and continue in his and their rcfpettive offices for and during the term of five years from the time of their arrival at Fort William in Bengal, and taking upon them the government of the faid prefidency* andftmli not be removeable in the mean time* except by his Majejiy* bis heirs and fuccffirs* upon reprefentation made by the court of dire&crs for the faid united company for the time being: and whereas it meg be expedient that the faid regulation jhould be revived* and extended it the perfon and.perfons who, at the time of paffing this aft* fhall have and enjoy the refpeftive offices of governor-general\ and counfellors of Thegovernor- the faid prefidency* be it therefore enaded by the authority afore* general and faid, That the perfon and perfons who* at the time of the paff-the 0^refidencf *nS	®*all	have and ejiioy the office and offices of go-

ofFortWiHiam vernor-general and counfellors or the faid prefjdency, (hall hold iball continue and continue in his and their refpedive offices for and during 5o their offices the continuance of this ad, and lhall not be removeable in the continuance of mean t*me» except by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon thUj^e*- reprefentation made by tbq court of diredors fpr thq faid united cept they company for the time being; ar\d (hall have and enjoy all and Ihould be re- fingular the powers and authorities vefted by the faid a<5fc in the by his firft governor-general and four firft counfellors by the faid ad ,c y* c' appointed, apd fhall be fqbjed to the faid reftridions apd limitations as by the faid ad the firft governor-general and nrfl four counfellbrs were made fubjed; and that in cafe of the avoidaoce of the offices of fuch governpr-gcncral, or any of the faid coun-fellors, fuch office fhall be refpedively lupplied io the fame manner as the, fame office would by the faid ad have been fupplied, -duringthe remainder of the term of five years which was computed from the time thatthe firft governor-general and four firft counfellors took upon them the government of the faid prefidency.

This ad not VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enaded. That to affeft $$ nothing in this ad contained lhall extend, or be conftrued to ex-rights of tiic tend, to afFqd the rights of the crown, or of the faid company, the^om^rf a^er expiration of this ad ; but that the fame fhall remain, after theP ^ continue, and be, in the fame ftate and condition, in all refpeds, cxpiraiiun as though this ad had never been made, thereof.	VII. And whereas the united company of merchants of England

trading to the Eaft Indies, have refolved to build three flips of she line of battle for the ufe of the publicly and great pregrefs hath been made in building the Jaid flips* the expences whereof will amount to a very confiderable fum of money: and whereas by an aft* made in tbekfi fejfion of parliament* (intituled, An ad for continuing in the pof-Veffion of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies* for a limited time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained lit thtEafl Indies j and for continuing, for a limited time, fo much of an ad, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefenr Majefty, intituled, An aft for ejlablifling certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the Eaft India company* as mil

-	in

Digitized by v^ooQle

The com pin/ indemnified for all Turns of money they have paid, or (hall pay, for building three (hips tor the ufe of the publick.

Publick aft.

1780.] Anno Vicefimo Georgii III. c. 57, 58.	*57

India as in Europe, as will expire in the courfe of the prefent :ar,) the faid united company are retrained from dtfpofing of the venues and profits of the faid company, other wife than in the faid aft particularly mentioned * and it is neceffary that the faid united comity Jbould be indemnified with refpeft to any fum or fums of money thick they have already paid, or may hereafter pay, on account of lilding the faid Jbtps: be it therefore enabled by the authority orefaid, That the faid united company (hall be, and they are ereby fully indemnified, exonerated, and difeharged, for and pon account of all fuch fum and fums of money as they already ave paid, or may hereafter pay, for any expences incurred, or % be incurred, in building the faid three (hips for the ufe of the publick; any thing herein-before, or in any other law or ftatute, contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefeid.

That this a<5t (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick alt; of which notice (hall be judicially taken by all judges, juftices, and all otherfperfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LVII.

An aft for enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of one million, for the ules and purpofes therein mentioned.

Preamble. Credit of loan granted to his Majefty for r,ooo,ooo1. Trea-fury may raife the fame by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax aft of this fefiion, concerning loans, &c. The dairies, Ac. in the faid aft relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to the loans, &c. to be made in purfuance of this aft. Principal and interett, with charges, to be paid out of the next fupplies, and if luf-ficient fupplies be not granted before July 5,1781, then to be paid out of the (inking fund ; and the monies To iflued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. The bank impowered to advance, on the faid credit of loan, any fum not exceeding x,ooo,0001.

CAP. LVIII.

Anaft for granting further time for allowing the drawback on the exportation of coffee imported by the Eaft India company, in the /hip Europa, in the year one thoufand/even hundred and feventy-five.

\\T H E R E A S great part of the coffee imported by the united com- Preamble. V V fany of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, in the finP Europa, in the year one thoufand feven• hundred and feventy-five, which remained unfold on the fixth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and other parts of fuch coffee which hath been fold hfthe faid united company, yet remains uncleared in their ware-bokfes belonging to the buyers thereof, and which, by reafon of the interruption given to trade, by the rebellion and difiurbancesfubfifing inftVerdof the Britifh colonies in North America, the proprietors tf fitch coffee may not be able to export within the term of three years from the importation thereof, being the time limited by law to entitle them to receive the drawback of the duties thereon \ and it is reafon-aUe and neefffary that fome further time fhould be grantedfor the exportation offuch coffee; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it cnalled by the King’s mod excellent

Digitized by Google

>$*	Anno vicefuno; Q®e*jsii IIL cf 59.	[178a

lent majefty, by and with the advice, and confent of the lords fpiritual and. temporal, and coramqns, in this prefent parliament Further time afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if the faid allowed for the coffee, imported by the faid (hip Europa, in the year one thou-coSTimpoit- kyen hundred and feventy-five, and now remaining un-ed in the Sip" cleared in the faid company’s warehpufes, (hall be, exported to Europa. any parts beyond the feas at any time within feyen yqars, to be computed from the importation theiyof, there fhqll be diava back and allowed for, the fame, to the; exporter or exporters thereof, fuch and.the lame drawbacks or allowances, and under fuch rules, regulations,, fecurities, penalties, ar.d forfeitures, as fuch exporter or exporters would have been intitlecf to in cafe . fuch coffee bad hcen exported,, within the term of( three years from the importation thereof >, apy law, cuftom*or ufage, to the contrary natwithftanding.

CAP. UK.

An a& to impower his Majefty to prohibit the exportation, and to re-Jlrain the carrying coafiwtfe% of capper jn bars, or copper in Jbeeto, for a limited time.

Preamble.	HERE	AS copper is foufid by experience to be offsuh, malt-

V V rial ufe in the fitting of/hips and vejfels of war, that to certain furpofes the fame may be deemed a military /tore, and the pnbbd fervite may require temporary rejlraints upon the exportation tbereef at critical conjunctures* lejl the fame Jhouli come to the ufe of ibt enemy 5 therefore, to prevent all doubts, be it hereby declared and enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-Hit Majefty mons* in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the autho-impowered, rity of the fame. That his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflfors, may, by proclama- by proclamation or order in council, when he or they (hall fee to caufe, and for fuch time as (hall be therein expreffed, prohibit exporting, or e*Port'ng> or attempting to export, out of this kingdom, or carrying coaft- carrying coaftwife in this kingdom, any fort of copper in (beets, wife, copper in or copper in bars, therein deferibed, in fuch manner, and under (beet*, or bar*. fuch reftraints, as he or they (hall think fit.

All copper II* And it is hereby further ena&ed, That whatever quantity (hipped con- or qualities of copper in (heets, or copper in bars, prohibited by trary to fuch .proclamation or order in council to bp exported, or to be earned prohibition, to coaftwife, (hall be (hipped, or laden on board any (hip or vef-bctor eitc * fel, in any of the port or ports of Great Britain, in order foy exportation, or to be carried coaftwife, contrary to.fuch proclamations order, all fuch copper in (heets, or copper in .bars, (hall , be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer or officers.of* ftis and the own- Majefty’s cuftoms; and the owner or owners of fuch copper in er* to forfeit (heels, or copper in bars, as (ball be fo (hipped for exportation, hundred ***** or *n or^cr to carr‘e<^ coaftwife, (hall feverally and refpe&ively weighu forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred poupds ^for every bun-i dred weight of fuch copper in (heets, ojr copper in bars, and fo

in

m

1780.] Anno ricfefimo Gboroii III. C.60.

in proportion for any lefTer quantity fo (hipped for exportation, or m order to be carried coaftwife.

HI. And be it further enafled, That if any perfon or perfbns Penalty on fall be aiding or affifting in the (hipping or loading any copper perions aflift-inflheets, or copper in bars, for exportation, or in order to be SmSoe any carried coaftwife, during the time it (hall be fo prohibited by pro- fuch copper i cfamttion or order in council, contrary to fuch proclamation or order, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay one hundred pounds, and treble the value of fuch copper in (heets,or copper 'in bars.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That if any, and on maftert

mafter of any (hip or veffel (hall lade or take on board, or fuffer of veflels tak-orpermit to be laden or taken on board, any copperin (heets,	v

or copper in' bars,‘for^ exportation, or in order to be carried board* coaftwife, during the time it (hall be fo prohibited to be exported or carried coaftwife as aforefaid, every fu<ch mafter (tali forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

V.	' And it is hereby further enadfed/ That the one moiety of Penalties and the feveral forfeitures and penalties herein-before mentioned and forfeitures provided (hall be to the ufe of hisv Majefty,' his heirs or fuccef- jJjjJJj* ** ap* Ibrs, and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch dfficer or officers of p tbecuftomsas (hall feizeorfud for thefame, by bill, plaint, or information, in his Majefty’s court of exchequer in Eng-

fad or Scotland refpe&ively; wherein no efloin, protedtton, or twrof law, (hall be allowed.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That this a<ft (hall continue Continuance id force until the firft day of May, one thoufand (even hundred of this att. and eighty-one.

C A P. LX.

in aft to explain and amend two afts made in the fifteenth and fix-tetnth years of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, with refpeft to the Emits of the Greenland feas and Davis’; freights, and the feas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the time for the return of the vef-feis employed in the whale fijherics,

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made in the fifteenth Preamble/ year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, (intituled, An a<5t . ^ f forthe encouragement of the filheries carried on from Great V5Geo.3x.3T* Britain, Ireland, and the Britijh dominions in Europe \ and for ' feurmg the return of the fifhermen, failors, and others, employ-* wHn the fair! fifheries, to the ports thereof, at the end of the foteigfeafon *) in order to induce his Mjefiys fubjefts in Great Britain W Ireland, and the sjlands of Guernfey, Jerfey, and Man,

* kttrry on the whale fijhery on the coafis of Newfoundland and the ; fte adjacent, certain bounties therein mentioned are allowed annually, fee a limited time, to a certain number of vejfels which Jhall be fitted mi Wider the limitations and refiriftions in the Jaid eft mentioned,

: which jhall tale and kill one whale at the leaf in the gulph of Saint , Lawrence, or on the coafis ^Labrador, Newfoundland, or in any I fmtothe fouthward of tho Grceland feas and Davis’; freights: and \	whereas

Digitized by LjOoq ie

t6o	Anno	vicefimo	Georgii	III.	jc. 60.	[1780.j

whereas doubts have arifeny whether whales taken and killed in northern latitude fixtyfour degrees and an half, are, within the intent and meaning of the /aid aft, to be deemed to have been taken and tilled in any fea to the fouthward of the faid Greenland fas and Davis’j freights; and to obviate fuch doubts for the future, it is necejfary to explain particularly the limits of thofe feas, and of the feas adjacent thereto: may it therefore pleaie your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enad!ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefen! parliament aflembled, The limits of and by the authority of the fame. That the Greenland feas and th< Greenland Davis's (freights (hall be deimed and taken to extend to tjie la-ltreights. t‘luc*e °f fifty-nine degrees thirty minutes north, and no fur-a ther; and that the faid bounties, granted and allowed by thefaid recited adt,(hall not extender be conflrued to extend,to anv whale that (hall be taken and killed in any fea to the fouthward of the faid Greenland feas or Davis’s (freights, exceeding forty-four degrees of north latitude; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And whereas, by reafon of the prefent hojliUties, vejfels employed in the whale fijheriey are liable to great hazard, and are frequently obliged to wait for convoy to proteft them from capture by the enemy, and it is therefore expedient to allow them a longer time to purfue the faid fijherics, and for their return home-, for remedy whereof, it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Veflels em- That the bounties granted by the before recited a61, made in the ployed in the fifteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, (hall be allowed for fuch a^owe^a16"68 ve^c*s as have been ^ttec* anc* clcared out fince the firft day of longer time January* one thoufand feven hundred and fevehty-nine, or (hall for their re- be hereafter fitted and cleared out, in the manner diredted by the turn home. faid ad!, during the prefent hoftilities, from and after the faid firft day of January, in each year, and which (hall return to fome port in England on or before the thirty-fjrft day of December in the next fucceeding year; and that the bounties granted by another ad!, made in the fixteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, (in-a6Geo 3.C 47. tituled. An aft for the further encouragement of the whale fifhtry carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the Britifti dominions in Europe; and for regulating the fees to be taken by the officers of the cufloms in the ifland of Newfoundland), (hall be allowed for fuch veflels as (hall be fitted and cleared out, in the manner di-red!ed by that ad!, during the prefent hoftilities, from and after the firft day of January in each year, and which (hall return to fome port in England on or before the thirty-firft day of December in the next fucceeding year; any thing in the herein-befbre recited ad!s,or either of them, to the contrary notwithftanding; but the faid feveral refpedlive bounties (hall, in all other refpeds not hereby altered, be fubjedt and liable to the fame rules, regulations, and reftridtions, as if this adb had not been made.

CAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

ijrioJ Anno^vicefimo Georgii III. o. 6t.

GAP. LXI.

M aft for continuing the encouragement and reward of perfons mating certain difeoveries for finding the longitude at fea, or making ether ufeful difeoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto.

WHEREAS by art ail, made in the feventeenth year of the Preamble* reign of his prefent Mfiefiy, (intituled\ An a61 for render- R . . -mg more effeflual an a<ft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of hi$ prefent Majeffy, for promoting the difeovery of a	r

method for finding the longitude at fea, fo far as relates to the encouragemenr and Yeward of perfons making lefler difeoveries '	\

for finding the fame, or making other ufeful difeoveries and improvements in navigation ; and to the making of experiments relating thereto *, the commiffmers for the difeovery of the longitude at fta were impowered, whenever they fhould be fatisfied of the probability of any propofol or propofils that fhould be made to them for difed-vering the faid longitude\ or making any other ufeful difeovery and im-ft fitment in navigation, fo as to think it proper to caufe experiments to be made thereof, to certify the fame to the commiffioners of the navy, and alfo, in cafe they fhould adjudge any perfon or perfons to have made any difeovery for finding the longitude at fea, which, though not of fo great ufe as to be intit led to any of the great rewards fpecified in an aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majsfiy, intituled. An a<5l for the repeal of all former afts concerning the i4Geo.3.c.$& longitude at fea, except fo much thereof as relates to the appointment and authority of the commiffioners thereby conftitut-ed, and alfo fuch claufes as relate to the conftru&ing, printing, poblilhing, vending, and licenfing, of nautical almanacks, and other ufeful tables; and for the more effe6hial encouragement and reward of fuch perfon and perfons as (hall difeover a method for finding t-he fame, or fhall make ufeful difeoveries in navigation ; and for the better making experiments relating thereto; jit that the faid difeovery was of confiderable ufe to the publick, or to have made any other difeovery or difeoveries, improvement or improvements,ufeful to navigation, to certify fuch lefs reward, or fum orfums of money, as they the faid commiffioners for the difeovery of longitude fhould think reafonable, to be paid to fuch perfon or perfons; and the commif-fours of the navy were thereby authorifed and required to make out kills upon the treafurer of the navy for fuch fums fo certified, who was thereby authorifed to pay the fame immediately to fuch perfon or perfons; and whereas, by reafon of feveral payments made by the trea-fonr of the naxy to feveral perfons, in purfuance of the directions of the findfir ft mentioned aft, the faid commiffioners for the difeovery of bngifu/e have expended the whole of the fum offive thou [and pounds, granted by the faid aft for the purpofes aforefaid : and whereas the continuing thefaid encouragements and rewards, for the purpofes mentioned in the faid firft mentioned aft, will contribute to the advantage' of trade, and to the honour of this kingdom; may it therefore plea to vour Majefty that it may be enatfed; and be it enafled by the ' VOL, XXXIII.	M	King’s

Digitized by v^ooQle

longitude of the probability of any pro-pofals for dif-covering the longitude, &c.

t6z	Anna	vfcefinpo Georgii III. e. 6u [1780,

King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent'parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, Commiflioners That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffion-ofthenavy, on m for tfce difeovery of longitude, and they have hereby full bytheC©oin- P°wer and authority, whenever they (hall be fatisfied of the pro-miflloners of bability of any propofal of propofals that (hall be made to them for the difcovering the (aid longitude, or making any other useful difcovcry and improvement in navigation, 10 as to think it proper tq caufe experiments to be made thereof, to certify the fame to the commiflioners of the navy; and alfo ip cafe they (hall adjudge any perfon or perfon6 to have made any difeovery for finding the longitude at fea, which, though not of fo great ufe as to be intitled to any of the great rewards fpecified in the faid a<ft of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty, yet that the faid difeovery is of confiderable ufe to the publick, or to have made any'other difeovery or difeoveries, improvement or improvements, ufeful to navigation, to certify fuch lefs reward, or fum or fums of money, as they the faid commiflioners for the difeovery of longitude (hall think reafonable to be paid to focli perfon or perfons; and the commiflioners of, the navy are hereby authorifed and required to make out a bill or bills upon the treafurer of the navy for fuch fum or fums as (hall be fo certified to them by the faid commiflioners for the difeovery of longitude, and the faid treafurer of the navy is hereby authorifed and required to pay immediately fuch fum or fums, to the perfon or perfons who lhall be appointed by the faid commiflioners for the difeovery of longitude to make fuch experiments, or to receive fuch lefs reward, or fum or fums of money, for making lefler difeoveries for finding the longitude at fea, or any other difeoveries and improvements ufeful to navigation, out of any monies which (hall be in his the faid treafurer's hands unapplied to the ufe of the navy.

II.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That all fuch fum or films of money as (hail be paid by the treafurer of the navy, by virtue of tl\is a <ft, for the purpofes of making fuch experiments as aforefaid, and in rewarding in a lefler degree lefler difeoveries for finding the longitude at fea, and alfo other difeoveries and improvements ufeful to navigation, do not all together exceed the fum of five thoufand pounds.

III.	Provided alfo. That fuch fum or fums (hall be certified, and fuch bills (hall be made out, and payment thereof made, in fuch manner, and under the fame regulations and provifioqs, as are in and by the faid a& of the fourteenth year of his prelent Majefty pr^feribed, with regard to the fum of five thoufend pounds, by the faid a& made applicable to the eiKouragemont and reward of fuch perfon or perfons as (hould make letter difeoveries for finding the longitude at fea, or make other ufeful difeoveries and improvements in navigation, and to the better making of experiments relating thereto.

fhall order a reward to be paid to the authors of fuch propofals.

The fums to be paid by virtue of this a£t not to exceed 5,0001.

The fums to be certified, and payment made, agreeable to the regulations of the above recited a£t 14. Geo. 3.

C A P.

Digitized by

Google

tyfo.] Arino vlceftmo GEoRGH tlL c.62.

*$j

CAP. LXII.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fam of money otft of thb finking fund ; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned fdr (fee fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty; anfd fob farther appropriating the fupphes granted in this leflion ot parliament.

Preamble. 1,849,541/. ix. nd 37. granted out of the finking fund, fot the fervice of tfc« current year; to be iflued by the treafury accordingly. T/eafury impowercd to raife the fum of 1,84.9,54.*/. ix. ud. 37. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the finking funcf. A41 perfons who fhall lend any money upon the credit of this aft to have a tally of Joan, with orders for repayment of the money, with intereft. Orders to be regiftered in courfe. No undue preference to be given in payment. No fee to be taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full cods. Penalty of undue preference in point of regiftry or payment. Auditor* &c. negleftmg his duty, liable for damages, &c. to be recovered at Wcft-flhnder. No undue preference in the regiftering, where orders are brought the fame day; nor if fubfequent orders are paid before others not brought is courfe, fo as money be rcerved for the preceding orders. Power of affignmtnt, and method of transferring orders. If it fhall be judged more advifeable, the treafury may raife the faid fum by exchequer bills inftead of loans; and the hills in fuch cafe to be made in the manner preferibed by the land tax aft of this feffion. All advantages and penalties in the laid tax aft of this feflfioo* relating to loans or exchequer biHs thereby au-thorifcd to be made forth, extended to this aft. The faid exchequer bihff intcred. and charges, are to be paid out of the finking fund. Bank authorized to lend to his Majefty the fum of 1,849,54.tl. 1 /. ud. 37. not* withit Hiding an aft of 5 and 6 Gul. & Manx. The fum of 650,457/. tSi. and 1 farthing, furplus of the finking fund; *5,560/. furplus of the deductions of 6d. in the pound upon falaries, &c. 3,761/. 13/. 4d. halfpenny, remaining in the exchequer on April 5,1780; 10,506/. 5 /. * d. 17. remaining of the fupplies for 1750, See. 5,000/. remaining, which was granted tor building a lazaret; and fuch monies as. (hall be paid into the exchequer betwetn April 5, 1780, and April 5, 1781, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic; (hall be applied towards staking good the Aipply. A (urn not exceeding 14,405/. i8x. 6d. being loppages for proviiions for artillery in America} 20,7x7L 7/. 4d. out of _ theiavmgsof the grant for new levies; 113,998/. 7x. 4d. being fa rings out 6ftbe Anns granted (or cjficers’ widows for five years; 10,000/. out of the tarings of the half payol reduced officers, fromjune, 1767, to Dec 1779? and 48,300/. referved by the pavmafter out of the monies voted for fubfiftence of I undry augmentations, (hall be applied towards defraying the extraordinary ex pence* of the land forces, &c. from Jan. 31, 1779, to Feb. i, r7*o The monies arifing by the land tax, malt tax, lottery aft, loans* (1,500^000/.) further loans (1,900,000 /.) vote of credit (1,000,000/.) 650457/» 18/. 1 farthing, remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1780* oftadurpluflesof the finking fund; 25,560/. remaining of the.deductions of 6d. in the pound out of falaries, Sec. 3,761/. 13/. 4d. halfpenny, rc-taniiag in the exchequer on April 5,1780, exdufive of the finking fund f 104066. 7#. 2 d. 17. remaining of a fum granted in 1750* for making —i a deficiency of the preceding year; 5,000/. granted, in 5 Geo. 3. for r a lazaret; fuch monies as (hall be paid into the exchequer be-Vpril 5, 1780, and April, 5, 1781, of the produce of the duties on Omi Senega* and Gum Arabic; and 1,849,541/. ix. 11 d% 3 q, by this aft fnotedout of the excefies, &c, compofing the finking fund; together with the money arifing from the Tale of French prizes taken before tne declaration of war; and alfo fuch fum* of money as his Majefty (hall direft to be applied to tbepubfick fervice, which (hall arife out of the fale of the ceded ifiand* in the Weft Indies; (hall beapplied to the ufesfollowing: 5,503,184/. p»ld. towards naval fervice*; 1,500,000/. towards paying off the navy deb’; 458,136/. 9i. 11 d. for the charges of the office of ordnance, for 1780 ; 591,466U and zid, for the charges of the office of ordnance* not provided

M a	tor

Aftno viccfuno Georg H III. c. 62.	[178a

for in 1779; 6,519,080/. 3 j. 7 d. 2 q. towards maintaining the land forces. See. of which 946,176 /. 3/. 5d. for defraying the charges ot 359005 effedive men, including officers, and 49*13 invalids, for guards, garrifons, Sec. in Great Britain, Sec. $ 1,418,059/. 1 s. %d. for forces and garrifons in Africa,

1 See. 44,875/. 8/. 3 d. for general and geneial ftaff-officers in Great Britain; 56,118/. iii. 1 id. iq. tor five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for provitions for three of the faid battalions at Gibraltar, for the year 1780; 367,891 /. 19/. 4d. for 13,471 troops of Heffe Caf-fel, See ; 35,510/. 19/. 9d. for two regiments ot Hanau, See.; 17,519/. n/« 9 d. for a regiment ot Waldeck, Sec.; 94,173 /. 11/. 4 d. 1 q for 4,300 Bruniwickerr, Sec.; 39,718/. 18 j. \d.xq. for 1,44.7 troops of Brandenbourg Anfpach; 16,661 /. 6j.4d.1q. for infantry, &c. of Anhalt Zerhfi ; 48,8011. 10/. 6d. for provifions for foreign troops ferving in America; *7,741 /. 10/. for defraying the charge ot artillery tor foreign troops, for 1780; 653,916/. is. for defraying the charge of the militia in South Britain, and four regiments of fencibles in North Britain, for 1780; 96,183/. 4/. id. for the defraying the charge of cloathing tor militia in South Britain,

, for 1780; 8,943/. 13/. 8 d. for defraying the charge of additional companies to militia in South Britain, for 1779 ; 158,206T. 18/. tor defraying the charge ofihe new.levies for the year 1780; 8,613/. 17/. 6d for defraying the charge of lieut. col. Fullarton’s corps, from Feb. 14, to Dec. *4, 1780, both inclusive; 3,179/* 1*/. 6d. for defraying the charge of an additional troop,&c. to lieut col. Holroyd's light dragoons, for one year; >1,919/. 9#. id. for defraying the charge of major-general Rainsford's regiment ot foot, from Feb. 14, to Dec. 24,1780, both inclufive; 8,613/. 17/ 6d. for defraying the charge of lieut. col. Humberftone's corps, from Feb. 14, to Dec. *4, 1780, both inclufive; 87,718/ to the out-penGoners of Cbelfea hofpi-tal; 11,711 /. 9/. 6 d. for defraying the charge of additional companies. Sec. of militia in South Britain, for 1780; 4681. 15/. 8 d. to make good the deficiency of pay of the faid additional companies, Ac. 30,2061. 16 /. %d. for defraying the chat ge of the new levies, from their eftablifhmenu to Dec. 24, 1779; Si,905/. si. on account of reduced officers of land forces and marines; 608/. 6s. 6d. to the two troops of horfe guards reduced. See. 1,211,348 /. 5s. 9 d. 1 q. for extraordinaries of land forces, from Jan. 31^779, to Ftb 1. 1780; 1,000,000/. for payirigoff exchequer bills made out by virtue of the vote of credit of talk (tfiion; 1,500,000/. for paying off other exchequer bills of lait (tfiion; 1,900,000/. for paying off further exchequer bills of laft fefiion ; 15,700 /. to make good to his Majelty the like fum iil'ued in purfuance ot the addrefies of thehoufe of commons; *5,000/. towards carrying on the buildings at Somerlet Houfe; 4,796/. so/. 5d for lupporting the ci\il cttablifhment of Nova Scotia; 2,866/. for the civil tftablifhment of Georgia ; 3,950/. for the civil eftablifhment of Eaft Florida; 3,900/. for the civil eftablifhment of Weft Florida; 3,150/. for the civil eftablifhment ot the ifiand ot St. Jonn; 1,851/. 5/. for defraying expends attending furveys in/N^rth America; 13,000/. for maintaining forts on the coait ot Africa; 6,997 /. 4/. 3d. on account of new roads. Scc. in the highlands of Scotland; 57,910/. 12/. tor relief of American civil officers, Ac ; 10,000 /. for aflilting the Levant company; 3,500/. to the Britifh Muleum; 14.348/. 2/. 9d. to be paid to Duncan Campbell, for maintaining convids,&c; 37,371/. 18/ yd. iq. to make good the deficiency of a fund to pay annuities granted by an aft 31 Geo. 1; 331,856/. 4/. $d. iq. to make good the deficiency ot a fund for paying annuities granted by an ad 18 Geo. 3; 167,036/, 14/. id. 2q. to make good the deficiency of a tund for paying annuities granted by an ad 19 Geo. 3; and 300,687/. os. id to make good the deficiency of grants for the year 1779. The faid aids to be applied only to the ufes before mentioned* Rules to be obfei ved in the application of the half-pay. By ad 19 Geo. 3* a fum not exceeding 87,703/. 8/. 4d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers- Overplus monies, above fatisfying faid officers, to be dif-pqfed of to officers who were.maimed, Scc. in the late wars, or to officers’ widows and children, as bis Majelty (hall dired. Commiflioners of the treafury impowered to pay to certain perfons any fum not exceeding 10,506/. 5/. idt 1 q.

CAP.

Digitized by (^.ooQle

1780.] Anna vicefimo Georgii III* c. 63.	165

CAP. LXIII.

An ail to indemnify fucb perjons as bane ailed in the fupprejfion of the late riots and tumults,. in and about the cities of London and Weftminfter, and borough of Southwark, and for the preferva-tion of the publick peace•

WHEREAS, on the fecond day of June, in the year one Preamble.

tboufand feveti hundred and eighty, a great number of difor- , derly perfons ajfembled tbemfelves together, in a riotous and tumultuous manner, near to both houfes of parliament, and pojfejfed themfelves of the avenues leading to the fame, the faid boufes being then fitting, and there committed great ails of outrage and violence to many of his Majefif s fubjeils; and afterwards proceeded to attack the houfes of fm of the publick mjnijlerf of foreign princes andfates, refitting at bis Mojffiy’s court, and to break into the chapels belonging to futh publick miniflers, and to fet fire thereto, and continued riotoufly and tuaultuoufiy ajfembled for fever al days and nights \ and during that time attacked and fet fire to the gaol of Newgate, the King’s Bench prifon, the prifott of the Fleet, and fet at liberty the prifoners therein rtfpeilively confined, and broke other gaols and prifons, and fet at liberty the prifoners confined therein, and fet fire to, and pulled down, the dwelling-houfes of divers of his Majejly's peaceable fubjeHr, in fe-veral parts in and about the cities of London and Weftminfter, and borough of Southwark, and bifrnt and confumtd the materials and furniture of the fame, and did other aQs of outrage and violence: and whereas divers magijlrates, 'and others, have exerted themfelves for the fupprejfion of the faid riots and tumults, and for putting an end to the faid outrages, and for reficring and preferving the publick peace, and on the occafions, and for the purpofes a fore faid, have done divers ails which cannot bejufttfiei by the Jlriil forms of law, and yet were necejfary, and fo much for the prefervation of the lives and properties of bis Majejly's fubjeils, and the publick Jafety and peace, that they ought to be jvflijied by ail of parliament, and the perfons by whom they were tranjaited ought to be indemnified be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advicC and confent of the lords fpirittial and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the All fame. That all perfonal a&ions and fuits, indictments and in-■ formations, which have been or lhall be, commenced or profe- commenced cuted, and all moleftations, profecutions and proceedings what- againft magi-foever* and judgements thereupon, (if any be), againft the faid ftrates, or magiftratesjr 6r other perfons, for or by rcafon of any aCt, mat- thingdone*^ ter, or thing, commanded or done on the occafions, and for the commandedby purpofes aforofeid, or ahy of them, before the twenty-fourth day them, in fup-of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, fhalKbe dif- preffingthe charged and made void; and every perfon, by whom any fuch jUUJvJJ" ad, matter, or thing, which (hall have been commanded or done, ,7g0, ftall be before the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven difehargedand hundred and eighty, (hall be freed, acquitted, and indemnified, ma.deuv?ldj as well againft the King’s majefty, hi* heirs and fucceflors, as ^g^ratea, againft all and every other perfon and perfons $ and if any action &crrhail be

M3	or	indemnified.

Google

166

General iflue.

Double cofti*

Preamble.

AH aborts, indi&mcHts, See. commenced or to be cormmenred again#: any (herifP, under-ftieriff, or gaoler, Sec. for the efcajpe of any prifoner during the late tumults, (hall be dlfcharged and made void.

Anno vicefimo Georgii JIL c. 64;	[47tQ.

or fuit hereby difeharged, or intended to be difeharged, is or fliall be commenced or profecuted, every perfon fo hied may plead the general iflue, and give this a&9 and the fpeclal matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become tion-fuk, or forbear further, prosecution, or fuffier drfeominuance, Or if a verdidt pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plahttkTs, the defendant or defendants fhall recover his, her, or their double coftf, foj which he, (he, or they (hall have the like remedy, as in when cofts by law are given to defendants*

C A P. LXIV.

An aft to prevent any miftbief or inconvenience which may drift It Jheriffsy gaolers yfuit or$-y prifoners, or others by the pr if oners in ft-veral gaols in the counties of Middlefex and Surrey, and the Htf of London, having been fet at liberty during the late tumults and tnfurrettions.

WHEREAS divers evil-minded and disorderly per fans did* at fever a I times between the ftcond and eighth days If J>*ne* in this prefent year of our lord one tnoufand feven hundred afd eighty^ ajfemble themfelves together within the cities of London and W$&~ minfter, and the borough of Southwark; and being fo aJfemPUd together > at fome of the faid times, did burndftrayy or breeds epyn* divers of his Majefty s gads and prifons; that is to Joy, thegaol of Newgate, the prifon of the Fleet, the King’s Bench, ptufe** W other gaols and prifons in the city of London, and in the counties bf Middlefex and Surrey, and did caufe the prifoners then confined therein to efcapey and go at large: and whereas tl>e/her iff or Jheriffsy marfbaU warden, or other officer or o/fi*ersy who had the euftody of the faid gaols or prifonsx and the prifoners therein, may be% or are m danger of being fuedy indiftedy prof cutedy or proceeded againft, by reafen of efcapes of prifoners let out, or Jet at hbtrtyy in manner, before mentioned $ and the plaintiff or plaintiff's (a( wbofe Juit fuel ef the faid prifoners as were confined by virtue of civil procefi were in eu-Jlcdy) may be under difficulties with ref pelt to their proceedings againft Ji^ch prifomr or prifoners •, and alfo fuch prifoners as were let at, large without their own concurrence or coufenty maybe in a worfefit ration, by means, of their enlargement, than if they had remained in aftmal mjiody■: be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of thfr lorSpiritual and temporal,v apd commons, ip this prefer^ parliament aftembled, and by the auihprity of.the.feme, That ?11 perfonal actions and fuits, indi&ments, informations, and ail molcfta-tions, profecutions, and proceedings what foe* cr, and judgements thereupon, (if any be,) had, commenced, or profeeuted* or to be had, commenced, or profecuted, againft any fhcriffs, under- theriffs, marfh^l, warden, bailiff, gaolers, officers,, or their fureties, for or by reafdn of the efcape of any prifoncr or , prifoners, who was or vyere, or ha? or have been difcharged, or let out of prifon, or caufed to go at large, in manner, and on the occafion aforefaid, be, and are and fhall bo difeharged, annulled.

178a] Adno vicefimo Gboroir III. c. 64.	167

nulled, and utterly made void and of no effedt, to all intent* and purpofes, by virtue of this adt; and if any fuch perfonal adtion or fuit hereby difeharged, or intended to be difeharged, is or fhall be conmnenced or profccuted, every peyfbn fo hied may plead the general iffue, and give this adl, and the fpecial General Iflue. matter, in evidence j and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuir, of forbear further profecution, or fuffer difeon-tinuance, or if judgement pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants mall recover his, her, or their double cofts, for which he, (he, or they fhall have the like re- Double colts, medy, as in cafes where colts by law are given to defendants.

II.	And be it further enadbed by the authority aforefaid. All prifoners

That in cafe any prifoner or prifoners* who was or were, at the	re

times aforefaid, in cuftody in any of the gaols or prifons afore- fejaHargeas* faid, by virtue of any civil fuit or procefs, and who was or were aforefcidf who let at large, in the manner, and on the occafion aforefaid, hath have furren-or have hirrendered, or offered to furrender, him or herfelf, or defcd» °r fhall themfeives, or (ball, on or before the firft day of September how th^mfelres be-next enfuing, furrender, or offer to furrender, him or herfelf, or fore Sep. t, themfeives, to the fheriff or fheriff*, marfhal, warden, or other 17S0, to the officer or officers, under whole cuftody he, (he, or they was or Iheriff or were, at the time of his, her, or fheit faid enlargement, or their ^erwhofe fucceflors in office, and (hall have given, or (half give, or deliver cuftody they in writing, to fuch fheriff or fheriffs, marfhal, warden, or other were, and fhall officer or officers as aforefaid, (or their fueceflbrs in office,) the deliver to him place of abode of fiich prifoner or prifoners; and in cafe he, (he, or

they fhall change his, her, or their place of abode, fhall, in like 1 manner, give notice in writing to fuch fheriff or fheriffs, mar-fha), warden, or other officer or officers, (or their fucceflors in office,) of fuch new place of abode, and lhall at all times, when lawfully called upon by fuch fheriff or fheriffs, marfhal, warden, or other officer or officers, or their fucceflors in office, or by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in the fuit or fmts depending againft them refpeflivdy, be ready and willing to furrender, and fhdll litf-render, or offer to furrender themfeives, in foch manner as aforefaid, fuch prifoner or prifoners fo fur rendering, or offering to farrender, hkn or herfelf, &t themfeives, and conforming themfeives in fuch manner as aforefaid, (hall be confidered, to fhall be confi-all intents and purpofes, as if he, (he, or they, now was or dered as ftill were, and had always remained and continued, in the cuftody in quftody, of fuch fheriff or fheriffs, mdrfhal, warden, officer or officers, in to ar-whofe cuftody he, (he, or they, was or were at the time of his, her, or their faid enlargement, add fhall not be liable to be ar-wfted by virtue of any civil procefcout of any court; and in cafe they have been, or fhall be, fo afrefted, fhall be difeharged therefrom*

III.	And be it forther enadled by the authority aforefaid, plaintiff, or That in all fuch cafes it (hall and may be lawful for any plaintiff other creditor or plaintiffs, at whofe fuit fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were havilJg caufe in cuftody, or for any creditor or creditors having cattfe of adlion againft "fuch againft fuch prifoner or prifoners, to deRver declarations j and all printer, may

M 4	other

Digitized by LjOOQie

i6?	Anno	vicefimo	Gsorgh III. c.64.	[178P.

deliver decla- pther proceedings, againft any fuch prisoner or prifoners, to the theSherift^or°	or. Sheriffs, marihal, warden, or other officer orofficers, in

gioIer!and°r uhofe cuftody fuch prifoner or prisoners was or were at the time give notice of their faid enlargement, (or their fucceffors hr office,) and to thereof to the give notice in writing thereof to fuch prifoner or prifoners, or to prisoner i leave the fame at his, her, or their place of abode* which pro.-)

and fu$h plaintiff, &c. may proceed ro judgement ^hereon, as if . the prifoner w-re in a<5tual Cuftody, See. How plaincffs are to proceed,

"ith rel'peft

to fuch prisoners who fhall not have fur-, rendered themfefvea before Sep. 1, jjto, See.

Provifo.

Regulation* relative to defendants woo have 01 fhall tender them-felves,orwhofe bail (hall be delirous to furrender them, before the King’*

ceeding (hall he as good and available in law, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, creditor or creditors, had proceeded according to the forms heretofore ufed againft perfons in adlual cuftody ; and fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, creditor or creditors, fhall and may proceed to judgement thereon, within the fame time as if fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were in adlual cuftody, and alfo (hall and may rake oat execution againft fuch real or perfonal eftate, of fucli prifoner or pri^ foners, as is or fhall he liable thereto by Uw. ~

IV.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid* That with refpect to fuch prifoner or prifoners, who was or were in cuftody in any of the gaols or. prifons afarefaid, by virtue of any civil fuit or process, and who was or were let at large in manner aforefaid, and who hath or have not furrendered him or herfelf, or themfelves, in manner aforefaid, nor (hall, offer fp to do within the time above for that purpofe limited, it (hall and m^y be lawful for the plaintiff .or plaintiffs, at whole fuit he, fhp, or they were fo in cuftody, todeliver in like manner declarations, and all pther proceedings againft fuch prifoner or prifoners, to the (heriff or Iheriffs, marihal, warden, err other officer or officers, in wnofe cuftody fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were at the time of his, her, or their faid enlargement, or their fucceffors in office, and to give notice thereof in the. London Gazette \ which proceedings (hall be as good and available in law, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch plaintiff .or plaintiffs had proceeded according to the forms heretofore ufed againft perfons in adtual cuftody, and (hall and may proceed to judgement thereupon, within the fame time as if fuch prifoner pr prifoners was or were in actual cuftody, and take out his or their execution thereupon.

V.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be in any manner prejudiced or damnified for or by reafon of his, her, or their not having proceeded againft any prifoner or prifoners from the time of his, her, or their faid enlargement, until the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty.

VI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any defendant or defendants in any a&ion or information hath or have tendered to furrender him, her, or them-fclves, or hath or have been tendered to be furrendered in dif*. charge of his, her, or their bail, and the court, or judge of the court, in which the adUon or information hath been depending, for want of a proper place of confinement, hath not committed fuch defendant or defendants; or in cafe any defendant of defendants, in any adlionoi information, who hath or have given.

fpecial

?7?oJ Anno vicclimo Georgii III. c. 64•	i&j

fpccial bail, (hall, before the (Slid prifons of the King'? Bench at)d' B«nch and the -Fhet refjfretftively (hall have been'repaired, or other prifon or prifons been fubftituted in lieu thereof refpedtively; ahdnoT cd*.fce.’ ; rice thereof given in the London Gazette, is hereafter mention*- ,, ; > f , ed, be defirous to furrender him, her, or themfelves in difchafge of his, her, or their bail, or the 'bail (hall be defirous to furrender fuch defendant or defendants as aforefaid, fuch. defendant or defendants (hall and may come or be brought before any court or judge of the court in which fuch adlion or information is or has been depending, and fuch court: or judge (hah and may commit fuch defendant or defendants to the cuftody of the marlhal or warden of the Fleet, (as the cafe may be,) arid the tipftaff (hall tender fuch defendant or deferidants to the marihai .	..

cr warden, (as the cafe may be,) or his or their deputy of deputes, and the bail (hall thereupon be dlfcharged,’ and facK defendant or defendants (hall, and is and are hereby required in all _	‘

things to conform to the rules and directions herein-before' preferibed concerning fuch prifoners Who have been fet at large, ' and have furrendered or tendered themfelves to be furriridered,	.	..	>

or (hailtender themfelves to be furrendered, in m^artriethereinbefore mentioned, and fuch defendant or defendant^ fhdll be] deemed’ar.d taken to be in aflual cuftody; and the* plaintiff or' plaintiffs in fuch fuit or information, or any other creditor,, fhall and tnay proceed againft him, her, or them, as irveuftody,- in fuch manner and form as is herein-before directed eemceming fuch prifoners as were fet at large, and (hall have furrendered or offered to furrender themfelves in manner herein-before fet] forth; provided rieVetlhelefs, that the mar(hal or Warden (hall Marflial or nor be anfwerable for the efcap* ofany fuch prifoner or prifon- warden not ers, until the pnrlfons of the King's Bench and the Fleet, refpec- efcrpe7until tively (hall have been repaired as aforefaid, or other prifon or rUch repara-prifons. fubftituted in the place thereof, and fuch defendant or tions arc made, defendants (ball be in their acftuail cuftody.	&c-

VII.	And whet eas there is not at prefent any placeoffafe cnjlody The warden of fir prifoners committed by the tourts of chancery, common bench, and the Fieet pri-ex chequer \ and it maf have happened that per fins (fince the dejlruc- j?n tm of the find prifon of the Fleet) may have been committed to the the^apeof cu/hdy of the vOarden of the Fleet, in difekarge of their bail, or prifoj^is Qtberwife, whereby the fold warden may be liable to anfwcrfor fhe committed to efcape offuch prifoners, be it further ena&ed, That the faTd war- b** cu^°dT deo, until the foid prifon of the Fleet (hall be repaired ancPfoade	of	”	1

lit for the reception of prifoners, or feme other prifon appointed thefaidprifon; in lieu thereof, and fuch prifoner (hall be received within the	*

walls of fuch prifon, (hall not be anfweraWe for the efcape of fuch prifoners ; neverthelefs fuch furrenders (hall be good and J?cnder§ (haU* valid in law, and the bail (hall be, and are exonerated and dif-	valid in law,

charged, and fuch prifoners (hall and are hereby required in all and the bail things to conform to the rules and dire&ions hereinbefore pre- (hah he dif-feribed concerning fuch prifoners who have been fet at large, charged, &c# and have (urnendered, or tendered themfelves to be furrendered, jn manner herein:before mentioned* and thereupon'(hail be :	u	deemed



As (bon as it (ball be notified in the London Gazette that the King's Bench or Fleet prifon is properly repaired, all perfons who efcaped thereout during the late tumults. See. (hall, within x8 days, furrender them (elves to -the refpe&ive keeper, fo as to become a&ual priloners therein $

or fliall lofe all thejbenefit of this aft, and be incapable of taking the benefit of any future infol-veocy aft.

This a& not to extend to prifoners confined in the New Prifon, or Marfhalfta, on June ft, 1780.

The foeriff of Middkfex, until Newgate is repaired ,&c. may confine ptrfons, taken by him on any civil piocefi, in any place of fecurity within thecounty,&c.

Anno vicefimo GeoRGII 1IL 0.64.	[1780,

deemed and taken to be in a&ual cuftody, and liable to be proceeded againft as fucb in the manner herein-before mentioned.

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby ena&ed and declared. That fo foon as the faid prifons of the King's Bench and the Fleet refpedively (hall be repaired and .made fit for the reception of prifoners, or other prifpn or prifons fubftituted in lieu thereof, and the fame (hall be notified in the London Gazette by one of hisMajefty’s principal fccretaries of ftate, all and every prifoner or prifoners who have efcaped or been at liberty in conference of the faid tumults and infurredions, and alfo all fuch perfon or perfons, defendant or defendants, who hath or have fince been committed, and who, under the provifions . herein-before mentioned, are to be deemed and t%ken as if in cuftody of the faid marfhal or warden refpedively, within twenty-eight days next after fuch notice given in the London Gazette of the repair of the faid prifons, or either of them re-ipe&ively, or of any other prifon or prifons being appointed in lieu thereof, or of either of (hall, and are hereby required fo furrender thetafelve? to the keeper of fuch of the (aid prifons to which they (hall refpedively belong, and in whole Cuftody they are, under the provifions of this ad, deemed and taken to be, fo as to become adual prifoners, and within the walls of fuch prifon or prifons refpedively; and every fuch prifoner or prifoners, perfon or perfons, defendant or defendants, hereinbefore mentioned, who ftiall negled or refufe fo to do, not having any reatonable excufe in that behalf, (hall forfeit and lofe all the privilege and benefit of this aft, and (hall and may be retaken by any plaintiff or plaintiffs as in cafe of wilful efcape; and fuch prifoner or prifoners, perfon or perfons, defendant and defendants, (hall be, and are hereby declared and rendered for ever incapable of taking the benefit of any alt which may at any time hereafter be palled for the relief of infoivent debtors.

IX.	Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrucd to extend, to the cafe of any prifoner or prifoners who, on the eighth day of June* in the prefent year of our lord one thouG^nd feven hundred and eighty, was or were confined in the New Prifon or the Marjbaifea prifon, under the cuftody of the marfhal.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That, until the prifon of Newgate (hall be rebuilt or repaired, or other prifon fubftituted in the place thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for the (heriff of the county of Midilefex to confine any perfon or perfons who were not in cuftody at the rime of the deftrudion of the gaol called Newgate, and who hath, fince the deftrudion of the faid gaol of Newgate, been, or (hall be hereafter arrefted or taken in execution by the faid (heriff, on any civil procefs, in any other gaol or place of fecurity within the county of Middlefex; and fuch gaol or place of fecurity (hall be fubjed to all fuch regulations and provifions as county gaols are by law fubjed to; and the name of fuch gaol or place of fecurity, together with the names of the prifoners therein,

and

1780.] AonO^TiccfilXld .GEOllQII III. c*65-—69.	171

and of the ctqfer in.which the/ ate atrefted or detained,

(hall be fiyed up in fomc pebiiek and open place in the faid foeriiTs office.

CAR LXV,

Jktfl to repeal frnrnch of an aft, modi in the feventaentb year of bis prefect Mayefiy's reign, os relates to the more eafy and fjpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the parifhes of Halifax,

Bradford, Kigfiley, Bingley, Guiftley, Cafverley, BatUy, Birftal,

Mir field, Hartifbead cum Clifton, Aluumdbury, KkkheaUm,

Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the lordfhip or liberty of Tong, in the Weft Riding of the county of Yprk; and for granting other powers for thofe pttrpofes; and for extending the ' jurifdiflion of the court baron of the manor of Krghley, in the fad county.

C A R LXVI.

Anal? for the belter relief and employment of the poo f 'qf the hamlet f Mile-end NeW Town, in the parijb of&$priey, in the tmty of Middlefex; for paving, cleanjujgf lighting, and watching the ftreels, and other open pajfages and placet, within thefaid hamlet, and removing nuifances and annoyancei therefrom, andpreventing the like for the future; for confohuaiing the highway rates with other rates within the faid hamlet;and for paving and regulating Great Garden Street, in the parijb of Saint Mary Metfelloo otherwife Whitechapel, in the faid county oniremoving a bar now fiandingapr.ofs the fame,anjothgr nuifances and annoyances therefrom% and preventing the hh for the future.

C A R LXVII.......................

An off for enlarging the mat and powers of an aft, made in the twenty* fistth year of the reign bf hit late Majefly, intituled* An-u& to widen and repair the yoad from tbe guifopoft, near the end of Drayton Lane, near Banburyy in the, county of Oxford^ to the houle catted, The Sum Rfingi, at the top of Edge Mil, in the county o£ Warwick.

C A, P. k&VHl.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted'by two alls, made in the firfi and fixt tenth yeart <f the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, for’tftemore effefhial amending the highr way between Hdckliffe arid Woburn, in the county of Bedford,

. add foe repairing the road leading through Woburn to ib Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks.

C A P. LXIX.

A §8 far continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers

tan 48, puffed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his 1 majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road* leading from the Crofi of Hand, heat Finford Bridge in the county of Warwick, through the town of Betaban in the, fame county, to the borough of Banbury in the county of Oxfordj and from the guiderpeft in the village

Google

Anno vicefimo Georgii III. c. 70-^73.	[1780.

Iage of Adderbury in the fame county, through Kiffington, to the mile^way leading towards the city of Oxford \ and alfo the road leading from a place called the two mils tree near the city of Oxford,. over Go ford otherwife Gojfard Bridge, to a certain gate entering upon Weflon on the Green in the (aid county y fo far as the fame relates to the road leading from the Crofs of Harid near Finford Bridge in the county ^Warwick,

, through the town of Southam in the fame county, to the borough . .a/tBanbury in the county of Oxford.

C A P. LXX.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft% pajfcd in the . thirty-fir (I year of the reign of his late Majefiy, for repairing and widening the roads from Tetbury to the gates on the wefi of SimondVhall down, and other roads in the faid aft mentioned,fo far as the fame relates to the road from the market-houfe in Tetf>ury to the turnpike road	M i n c hinh a m p t on common;

, and from the faid road in Minchinhampton field unto the turn-' pike road from Cirenccdtt to Stroud, near BumUaQl; and from the Jaid turnpike road to Tayloe’s mill-pond, in Chalford ' JBottotri, and through Hide, to the bottom of the Bourn-hill, in the county of Gloucefter.

; C A P. LXXI.

An aft for more effeftually repairing the roads from Warwick U Paddle Brook, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, in ' the counties ofWarwick and Worcefter; and for repealing the laws now in force relating to the faid roads.

CAP. LXXII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign xf his late majefiy King George the Second, intituled. An alt for repairing and widening the high road, leading from the town of Mansfield, in the countydf Nottingham, through the towns of Pleafley, GlapwelL, Heath, and Normenton, and the liberty of Hafland, to the turnpike road leading from the town of Derby to the town of ChefterfieU, in •-the county- ofDerby.	>

CAP. LXXIII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an aft, made in the thirty-fecond year of top reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, (intituled, An act for repairingjnd widening the roads from Grantham, in the county of Lined*, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge; and from Chappel Bar, near the weft end of the town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the town of Derby ; and from the guide-poft, in the parilh of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry,) as relates to the road leading from Chappel Bar, near the wifi end of the town ^Nottingham, to Saint Mary’s Bridge, in the town of Derby, and from the guide-pofi, in the parijb of Lenton, to Savyley Ferry.	*

Digitized by Google

1780.] Anno vicefimo Georgii III. 0.747—78.

C A P.. LXKIV.

An <18 for enlarging the term and powers of an ail, made in the thtrty-jecond year of tie reign of bis majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening the roads from Chappel Bar, near the weft end of the tojarn of Notting-bam, to New Haven, and from The Four Lane Ends near Oakertborpe to AJbborne, and from The Crofs Poft on Wtrkf-wrtb-moor, to join the road leading from Ch'ejierfield to Xlha-pel en le Frith, at or near Longfton, in the county of Derby, and from Selfton to Annejley Woodboufe,m the county of Not-- ting bam.

CAP. LXXV.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, pajfed in the thirty-ficerid year of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft to continue, amend, and make effectual, an a&, paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, <c An aft for repairing the roads from the u north-weft parts of the county of Lincoln, through Nettlam “ Fields Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to The Wolds, or “ north-eaft part of the faid county and alfo for repairing and widening the roads from The Well, in EqJI Gate, in the city of Lincoln, and from the north-weft ena of Iftorncaflle, and from The Guide Poft, at the eaft end of Hainton, through Barhwiih, to the roads direfted to be repaired by the faid aft.

CAP. LXXVI.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft^ pajfed in the twenty-fixtb year of the reign of bis late^ Majefty, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening the road from The Hand and Poft in Upton Field, in the parilh of Burford, in the county of Oxford, through the feveral parifhes within mentioned, to a place in the parifti of Prefton in the county of Gloucefter, called Dancy's Fancy.

CAP. LXXVII.

An aft for repairing and widening the roads from Gofport, in the county of Southampton, through Fareham and Wickham, to the town ttfBifhops Waltham j and from Wickham aforefaid\ through Droxford, Exton, Warnford, Weftmeon, and Rumf-dean Bottom, to Chawton Pond, in the parijh of Chawton, in the faid county.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An oft to explain and amend fo much of an aft, pajfed in the fixteenth year of his prefent Majefty9s reign, to continue and render more effectual feveral afts of parliament for repairing the highways leading to Highgate gatehoufe and Hampftead, and for feveral other purpofes in thefaidfir ft-mentioned aft contained,as gives power to tuft or remove turnpikes or toll-gates, fo far as relates to ereft-ing or continuing any turnpike or toll-gate in GrayVinn Lane, or between the faid lane and the new road leading from Iflington to Paddington.

CAP.

m

Digitized by Gooale

Anno vicefimo Geor6ii III* d. 79*^83*	[178c*

CAP. LXXIX.

An aft for more effefinally repairing the road leading from the end of the Exeter turnpike road, on the weft fide of lord Clifford’s park gate* to Biddaford; and alfo fever at roads leading frm Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from Teign Bridge, in the county sf Devon; and for repealing two afis, of the thirty-fecond of kit late Majefty, and the fecond of his prefent Majefty, made for Tipairing the faid roads.

CAP. LXXX.

An afi to continue, enlarge, and render more ejfefiual, the term and powers in three feveral afis, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Firft, and in the eighteenth and thirty ftrfi years of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing the roads from Birmingham, through fVarwick, to lVarmingtons and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to EdgehtU, in the county of Warwick, fo far as the fathe relate to the road frm Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington oferefaid, and fo on to the utmoft limits of the faid county, on Edgehill aforefoid.

C A P. LXXXI.

An afi to enlarge the term and powers of an afi, paffed in the twenty-1 feventb year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the north end of Bridgeford Lane, in the county of Nottingham, to and through ieveral towns and places in the counties of Nottingham, Leicefter, and Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowlinggreen at Ketterings in the county of Northampton.

CAP. LXXXI I.

An afi for enlarging the term and powers of two afis, of the prjl and fecond years of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, and I keeping in repair, the road leading from Fifberton Bmdgc to ; the turnpike road at Willoughby Hedge, in Weft Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the turnpike road at the weft end of Heytefbury; and alio the road from the turnpike road at the top of Red Hone Hills in the parifh of Urjbfont, to the mile-ftone at the weftern end of Fijherton Streets in the county of , Wilts.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An afi to continue the term and enlarge the powers of an afi made in \ the thirty-fecond year of the reign of bis late majefty King George i the Seconds for repairing the road from the fouth end of the South Streets 'in the parifh of South Mailings near the town of Lewes, to Glynbridge; and from thence, through Pirle Strut under the Hill, to Longbridge, in' the parifh of Alfriftor*> in th® | county Qf SuJfex*

C A Pi

Digitized by LiOOQle

*75

1780.] Anno vicefimo GeoRGH III. c.84—88.

CAP. LXXXIV.

Jh cfl for making and maintaining a road from Tiltups Inn, in the parijh of Horfley, to join the turnpike road leading from Circncefter to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the parijb sf Rodborough; and from the bridge at Nailfworth, in the parijb of Avening, to Minchinhampton Common; andfevtral ether roads therein mentioned, all in the county ^Glouccftcr.

C A P. LXXXV.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of two efts, of the twenty• fxth of bis late Majejly, and the fifth of his prefent Majejly, for repairing feveral roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the mwro/Shepton Malet, in the county of Somerfct; and for repairing the road from Steen Bow Bridge to the turnpike road * leading from Glaftonbury to Piper’s Inn, and from Chilkwell to Glaftonbury, and from Shepton Malet to a place called The White Port, in the turnpike road leading from Bath to Weill, in the faid county.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An 08 for reviving and continuing the term, and varying fome of the powers, of an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of bis late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An a& for repairing and widening the high road from the bofough of RJpon, by Ingram Bank, to the town of Pateley Bridge, in the county of York; and for making compenfation to the truftees and mortgagees'under two afts, made in the thirtyfecond year of his late majejly King George the Second, and in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majejly, for repairing and widening the high road from Wctherby to Gralfington, in the county of York,

CAP. LXXXVI I.

A* aft for repealing t{uo acts, made in the eleventh and twenty • feventb years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from the Trent Bridge, in the county of the town' of Nottingham, through Coflock otherwife Cortlingflock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the county of Leicefier; and for making more effeftual provifton for the repair of the faid road.

CAP. LXXXV III.

An oft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the thirty fecond year of the reign of his majejly King George the . Second, intituled. An ad for repairing, amending, and widen* mg, the roads from the fouth-weft end of Netbir Bridge, in the county of IVeJlmorland, by Sizerghfellfide, to Levtris Bridge, and from thence, through the town of MMtbrop, to Dixies, and from the town of Millthrop aforefaid to Hang-bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke turnpike road at the guide-poft near Clawthrop Hall, in the county aforefaicL

CAP,

Digitized by L,ooQle

Anno vicefimo Geokgii III. c. 90—93.	[1780.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made in the firft year of the reign of his prejent Majejiy, intituled, An a cl for amending the road from Sacred Gate, in the parifli of Thorn Gumbali, to Pat t ring ton Creek or Haven, and from The Gu ide -poji, in IVineJlead, to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's Farm, in the county of York \ and for fcouring and cleanfing the faid creek or haven.

* CAP. XC.

An adl to continue the term, and alter and'enlarge the powers, of an aft, made in the thirty-firJl year of the reign of his late mcjfij King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Stockhridge in the county of Southampton to the city cf Wmchejier, and from the faid city, through Bellmottr Lane, to the top of Stephen's CaJUe Down, near the town of BiJhopJs Waltham in the faid county, and from the faid city of ifinchefler, through Otterborne, to Bargate in the town and county of the town of Southampton.

CAP. XCI.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, paffed in the thirty-Jccondyear of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the crofs, at Broken-crofs, in Macclesfield, in the county of Chejler, to the turnpike road at Buxton, in the county of Derby; and for making and keeping in repair certain branches of road, to communicate with the faid Macclesfield road.

CAP. XCII.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of two afts, one made in the thirty-fecond^year of the reign of his late Majefiv, for repairing and widening feveral roads therein mentioned in the counties ' of Southampton and Dorfet, and the other made in the Second year of the reign Gf his prefent Majejiy, to amend the faid former z&i and for amending and widening the road between Ringwood Gate in the county of Southampton to Woolfbridgc, and from thence to the great weftern road between a place called Tbicktborn and Cafhmore Inn, fo far as the faid two afts relate to the fifth divifion of road dire ft ed to be repaired and widened by the faid lajl mentioned aft.

CAP. XCIII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, paJTed in th thirty-firjl.year of the reign of his late majejiy King George tit Second, for repairing and widening feveral roads from Tetbury, and other places in the county of Gloucefter, fo far as the fomt relates to the road from Tetbury to the gates on the wejl of Symonds Hall Down, and from the boufe at the top of Froccfter Hill, where the turnpike gate lately Jlood, to the turnpike rod from Cirencefter towards Bath, and from the field called Bouldown Sleight to the end of a lane adjoining to the road from Horfley tt

Tetbury,

Digitized by Google

1780.3 Anno viccfimo GeoRGII III. C.94—99. Tetbury, near Tiltups Inn ; and for amending and keeping in repair the road from the faid turnpike road near Howells Down* acrofs Owlpen Down, to a lane leading to Lampern Hill; and from another part of the faid turnpike road near the Latter wood turnpike, acrofi Owlpen Down afore faid; all in the faid county of Gloucester.

CAP. XCIV.

fin aH for enlarging the term and powers of an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly* intituled, An aft for repairing and widening feveral roads leading from the town of Louth, in the county of Lincoln.

C A P. XCV.

An aft for making and maintaining a rode from Sage Crofs, in the town i/Melton Mowbray* in the county of Leicester, to the town of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. XCVI,

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft* made in the thirty-firji year of the reign of bis majefly King George the Se-cond(, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening the road from the town of Gulieford, to The Direfting Poji near the town of Farnham, in the county of Surrey.

CAP. XCVII.

An aft for continuing the term and powers of fo much of an aft made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of bis late Majefly, for repairing the roads from Mold to Denbigh, and from thence to TalyCafn and Conway * and from Wrexham to Ruthin* Denbigh, and Rhyddlan, in the counties of Denbigh, Flint* and Carnar- , Von* as relates to the road from Wrexham to Denbigh,

CAP. XCVIII.

An aft for amending the road from the weft end of Seend Street, to the Horfe and Jockey, in the parifb of Box, in the county, of Wilts, and certain other roads leading out of the faid road; and for making an additional road from the faid road, in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes turnpike road, at or near Somerham Brooke, in the fame chapelry; all in the faid county.

CAP. XCIX.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, pqffed in the thirty -femdyear of King George the Second* for repairing and widening the road from a place called The Old Gallows* in the pari(h of Sunning, in the county of Berks* through Wokingham New Bracknowl, and Sunning bill, to Virginia Water% in the parilh of Egbqm, in the county ^Surrey.

CAP,

Vol. XXXIII,

N

Anno vicefimo GeoRGH III. C.ioo. [1780* CAP. C.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from Epfom, throughto Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingfton upon Thames, and Thames Ditton, in the county of Surrey; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at Ewell, acrofs Ewell common fields, to the Ryegatc turnpike roady on Borough Heath, in the faid county.

END of PART I. VOL. XXXIII.

1

Digitized by v^ooQle

THE

«

Statutes at £arge.

Anno vicefimoprimo G e o r g i i III. Regis.

Being the FIRST Seflion of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vot. XXXIII. Part II.



Digitized by L )Qle

Digitized by Google

		A	
T	A	B L	E
	O F	THE	
T	A T	U T	E

P U B L I C K and PRIVATE,

Failed Anno v primo

GEORGII III. Regis.

Bong the Firft Scffion of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBL1CK ACTS.

Cap. i.' | "O extend the provittons contained in an a&, patted X in the lad feflion of parliament, (intituled. An to prevent any mifthief or inconvenience which may	to fhirijfs,

gaolers, Juittrs, prifoners, or	others, by the prifoners in gaols

in the counties of Middlefex and Surrey, and the city of London, batting been fetat liberty during the late tumults and infur reft ions), to perrons arretted and bailed ttnce the dettru&ion of the faid gaols, and before the fame (hall be repaired, or other prifons fubftituted in lieu thereof.

Cap. 2. For further continuing an a<ft, made in the feven-Scenth year of the reign of his prelent Majeftv, intituled. to	impower his Majefty to feture and charged	,

orfujpefted of, the crime of high	tre committed in any off his -

Jeffs colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feas, or the trim of piracy.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifea in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thou* faod feven hundred and eighty-one.	...

Cap. 4. For continuing and grantipeto his Majefty certain

- Vot. XXXIII.	»	duUC*

Digitized by t^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fcrvice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one.

Cap. 5. For extending the provifions of three adfs, made in the eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, with refpcdl to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to prizes taken from the ftates general of the United Provinces3 for declaring what goods (hall be deemed military or (hip ftores; for regulating the fale of and afcertaining the duties upon Eafl India goods condemned as prize in the port of Lon* ion \ for permitting the purchafers of prize goods condemned abroad to import fuch goods into this kingdom, under the like regulations and advantages as are granted by law to captors them-(elves; and for reducing the duties on foreign prize tobacco.

Cap. 6. For further continuing an adl, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown fili in any Jbips or vef-felSyfor a limited time.

Cap. 7. To explain and amend an alt, made in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An all for augmenting the militia.

Cap. 8. For punifhing Ynutiny and defertion 9 and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 9. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fhore.

Cap. 10. For making compenfatkm to the proprietors of certain mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Kent and EJfex^ purchafed in purfuance of two feve-ral adts of parliament, patted in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for fecuring his Mojefifs docks, /hips, and /lores, at Sheernefs and Chatham; ands for better defending the poffage of the river Thames at Gravefend and Tilbury Fort.

Cap. 11. For the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in hisMaiefty’s (hips of war, and on board merchant (hips, and other trading (hips and veflels.

Cap. 12. To continue the duty of cne fanhing per chalder on coals, granted by an adl of the twenty-third year of the reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual repairing end maintaining the piers and harbour of Whitby, in the county of York.

Cap. 13. For rendering effectual an act, made in the eigh* teenth year of his prefent Majefty, for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Stow, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 14. For raifing a certain fum by way of annuities, and s lottery; and for confolidating certain annuities, which were made one joint (lock by an adt made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, with certain annuities confblidated by feveral adls made in the twenty-fifth and twenty-fixth years of the reign of King George the Secondhand in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

Cap. 15. For the encouragement of feamen, and for theMI fpeedy and cffedtual manning of his Majefty’s navy..

- -

Digitized by L,ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 16. For repealing the difpounts and abatements upon certain foreign goods; and for granting additional duties upon tobacco and fugar imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 17, For granting to his Majefty an additional duty upon the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the rcfpetfive commillioners of the excife in Great Britain.

Cap. 18. For keeping the militia forces of this kingdom complete, during the time therein mentioned.

Cap. 10. To permit the importation of flax and flax feed into this kingdom or Ireland, in any (hip or veflel belonging to any kingdom or (fate in amity with his Majefty, navigated with foreign mariners, during the prefect hoftilities.

Cap, 20. For declaring certain provifions of an alt, made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty, relating to the turnpike roads in that pan of Great Britain called England* to extend to all acts made, and to be made, for repairing roads fubfequent to the paffing of the faid act.

Cap. 2i« For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England* for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand /even hundred and eighty-one.

Cap. 22. For improving the navigation of the river called Bourn Eau, from the town of Bourn to its junction with the river Glen at a place called Tongue End, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 23, For appointing commiflioners for putting in execution an a<5t of this fefiion of parliament, intituled. An alt for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, to be raijed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one.

Cap. 24. For repealing the prefent duties upon paper, pafte-boards, millboards, and fealeboards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 25. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments 5 and to indemnify juftices of the peace, o'r others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiflions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or miftaid ; and for allowing them time to provide admiflions duly ftamped; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to mi&e and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorn ics and folicitors.

Cap. 26. To permit goods, the product or manufacture of -certain places within the Levant or Mediterranean Teas, to be imported *ato Great Britain or Ireland in Britijh or foreign veflels from any place wfigtfpever> and fpr layipg a duty on cotton and fOJfpo ffftfi jqvBp^ejijmo this ftngdqm jn fpreigo ft)ip$ or vef-(dfr during "(be plxfcnt hoftilities.

a %	Cap,

Digitized by CjOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 27. To permit, during the prefeht hoftilities, the impor-tation of goods, the produce of the plantations of the crown of Portugal, into Great Britain or Ireland, in Portugucfe veflels; and the importation of certain other goods, therein enumerated, in any neutral (hips and veflels.

Cap. 28. For allowing further titne for the exportation of. or payment of the duties upon bugles, when wafehoufed upon importation into this kingdom; and for obviating a doubt with refpeft to charging the duties on rum imported from Scotland into the IJleof Man.

Cap. 29. To continue feveral laws relating to the opening and eftablifhing certain free ports in the ifland of Jamaica; to the allowing the free importation of fago powder and vermicelli from his Majefty’s colonies in North America; to the free importation of certain raw hides and (kins from Ireland, and the Britijb plantations in America \ to the allowing the exportation of proviflons, goods, wares, and merchandize, to certain places in North Amenta, which are or may be under the protection of his Majefty’s arms, and from fuch places to Great Britain and other parts of his Majefty’s dominions; to the dandeftine running of uncuftomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the cuftoms j to the preventing the dandeftine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majefty’s plantations in America; to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts; and to revive and continue feveral laws relating to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America; to the impowering his Majefty to prohibit the exportation, and reftrain the carrying coaftwifc, of copper in bars, or copper in (heets; to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum (hipped as (tores to be contained op board merchant (hips on their voyages; and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of Britijb corn and grain in neutral fhips.

Cap. 30. For continuing, and making more effectual, feveral ads of parliament patted forcleanfmg and making navigable the channel from the Hythe at Colcbejler to Wivenhoc, in the county of EJfex\ and for repairing and cleanfing the ftreets of the town of ColcbeJler\ and alfo for lighting the ttreets and lanes, and for preventing annoyances in the faid town.

Cap. 31. For the better management and colle&ion of the duties upon male fervants, granted by an ad made in the feven-teenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

Cap. 32. To encourage the manufactory of verdegreafe in Great Britain, and for laying a duty on foreign verdegreafe imported.

Cap. 33. For building a bridge over the river Thames, at the town of nenley upon Thames, in the county of Oxford, and making commodious avenues thereto; for widening feme part of the high ftreet and the market place, for lighting and watch-

togi

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES, ing, for regulating the footways in, aqd for removing nuHaples, obttruftions, and annoyances from, the faid town, v Cap. 34. For further continuing and amending the ftveral afts pa (fed for preventing the frauds aqd abqfes committed in the admeafurement of coals within the city and liberty of Weft-mit/fttr* and that part of the duchy of Lancafter adjoining thereto, and <he feveral parifhes of Saint Gilts in the Fields, and Saint Alary-le-bon, and fuch part of the pariih of Saint Andrew, Hoi-born, as lies in the county of Middlefe#.

Cap. 35. For building a bridge over the river Adur, at or near Old Shortbam, in the county of Suffix.

Cap. 36. For amending, regulating, cleaning, lighting, watching, and keeping in repair, the ttreets, lanes, and patfages, within the borough of The Devizes, in the county of fViks ; and for preventing nuifances, annoyances, and obftruftion* therein,

Cap. 37. To explain and amend an aft made in the fotnv teenth year of the reign of his prefent Majetty, intituled. An alt to prevent the exportation to foreign parts of utenfils made nfe of hr the cotton, linen, woollen, andfilk manufaftures 0) this kingdom.

Cap. 38. For the more ealy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts, within the town and liberties of Beverley, in the county of York and the lievcral parifhes of the fame town.

Cap. 39. For further fecuring the property of the owners iin fuch (hips or vefTels as are liable to forfeiture for importing (pints or other goods, by the mifconduft of the matters, mates, and feamen.

Cap. 4Q, For extending the provittons of three afts, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majetty, and in the tenth aod nineteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for granting a bounty on certain fpecies of Britilh and IrUh linens exported, to Bri* ujb and lrijh linens, Britijh callicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, or ttained, in Great Britain, and to buckrams and til lettings, exported during the time therein limited; and for taking off the duties payable upon the im-» portation of that fpecies of blue called Smalts.

Cap. 41. For raiftng a certain fum of money, by loans or ex* chequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand fever* hundred and eighty-one,

Cap. 42. For raifing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thonfantj feven hundred and eighty-one.

Cap. 43. For continuing an aft, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majetty, intituled. An alt for exempting the city of Winchefter, the county of Southampton, the town #/‘Shrewfbury, and the county of Salop, out of the provifions of an oB% made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled, “An alt for regulating the quartering u of Joldiers during the time of the eleltions of members to ferve in parlianfent," fo far as the fame relates to the removal of troops

a 3	during

■ Digitized by LiOOQlc

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

during the eltftions of members to ferve in parliament, for a limited time.

Cap. A4. For the more effcdiqally fecuring to the royal hofpi-tal for feamen at Greenwich, all fucli forfeited and unclaimed (hares of prij&e and bounty money as (hall arife from or in re* fpedt of any prices to be condemned and fold in his Majefty’s* dominions beyond the Tea; and to compel the more fpeedy payment thereof.

Cap. 45. For continuing and amending an a61, made in the laft feffioft of parliament, intituled. An aft for appointing and enabling commifiioners to examine, take, and Jlate the publick accounts\ of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hands of ac• count ants, wbitb man be applied to the publick fervice\ and what de~ fefts there are in the prefent mode of receiving, colUfting, ijfuing, and accounting for publick money 5 and in what more expeditious and effeftual, and lefs expenfive manner, the [aid fervices can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the publick.

•	Cap. 46. To enable John Bowater, efquire, to grant leafes, in: pofleflion, or reverfidn , of a dock-yard and land at Woolwich, in the county of Kent, (being part of his fettled eftate,) to theprio< chJfift officers and commifiioners of his Majcfty’s navy, in behalf of his Majefty,~his heirs and fucceflors.

Cap. 47. To amend and enlarge the powers of an adt, pa fled in the eleventh year o( his prefent Majefty’s reign, for performing feveral works, and making improvements within the uni-verfuy.and city of Oxford, and the fuburbs thereof, and. in the adjoining parifh of Saint Clement.

*	Cap. 48. To dired the payment into the exchequer of the jtefpedive balances remaining in the hands of the feveral perfons therein named, for the ufe and benefit of the publick ; and for indemnifying the faid refpedlive perfons, and their reprefenta-tives, in refpeCl of fuch payments, and againft all future claims {elating thereto; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 49. For preventing certain abufe6 and profanations on the Lord’s Day, called Sunday.

Cap. 50. For further regulating and afeertaining the importation and exportation of corn and grain, within feveraJ .ports and places therein mentioned.

Cap. 51. To explain an a<ft, parted in the third year of George the Firft, intituled, An aft for explaining an aft, peffed in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, 44 An aft to oblige papifts to rcgijUr 44 their names and real efiates, and for enlarging the time of fuch re-*4 gifiering, and for fecuring pur chafes made by protefiants.”

Cap, 52. For continuing the encouragement and reward of perfons miking certain difeoveries for finding the longitude at fea, or making other ufeful difeoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto.

Cap. S3* To render valid certain marriages, folemnized in certain churches and publick chapels, in which banns had not ofaaJJy been pubitlhed before or at the time of parting an a£t, *	mad?

Digitized by Google

A TA8^E of the STAtUTESi

made in the tweotY-fitftb year of King George the Second, inti-iuled. An aft for the better preventing of clandefiine marriages.

Cap. 54# For the better regulating elections of citizens to ferve in parliament for the city of Coventry.

Cap. 55. For repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon cocoa nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual tecuring the revenue of excife, and of the inland duties tinder the management of the commiffioners of excife, apd for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties impofed on malt; and for rectifying a mi flake in an act made in this prefent fellton of parliament, with refpeft to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excife impofed by th? ftud aft.

Cap. 56. For granting to his M^jefty an additional duty upon almanacks printed op one fide of any one (heet or piece of paper; and for allowing a certain annual fum out of the laid duty to each of the unrverfities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the money heretofore paid to the faid univerfities, by the Company of ftatiooers of the city qf London^ for the privilege of printing almanacks.

Cap. 57. For granting to his Majefiy a certain fuip of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feveq hundred and eighty-opc; and for further appropriating, the fupi: plies granted in tbi$ feffion of parliament.

Cap. 58. For rendering more effeftyal fo much of an aft* made in the tenth year of his Majefiy’s reign, intituled, An act for appropriating a fund eflablifbed by an aft9 made in the feventbyear of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, u for granting to his Majefiy ad-diiionai duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom \ and for efiablijbing a fund for the encouraging of the raiflng and ** dr effing of hemp and flax” as relates to the diftributing and paying the proportion of the fund thereby appropriated for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax in that part of Great Britain called England, by applying a fum, not exceeding fifteen thoufand pounds per annun^ out of the faid arrears and duties, to the purpofes aforefaid, for a time limited.

Cap. 59. For enabling his Majefiy to raife the fum of one million, tor the ufes and pqrpofcs theiein mentioned.

Cap. 6q. For efiabliflmi* an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the fum of two millions, towards the fupply for tl)e fervicc of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one.

Cep* 61. Tq explain and amend fo much of an aft, made in the twentieth year pf the reign of bis prefent Majcfty, intituled. An aft to vejl certain meffuages, lands 9 tenements, and hereditaments, in tru/iees9 for the better Jecuring bis Majefiy's docks, fhips9 and fleresy at Plymouth qnd Shcernefe, and for 'better fafending the

a 4	pajjage

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

faffagt of the river Thames at Gravefend and Tilbury Fort, as relates to the fecurity of his Majefty’s docks, (hips, and (lores,

' at Plymouth.

Cap. 62. To explain and amend an all made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King fVifliam the Third, (inti? tuled, An aft for the leftening the duty upon tin and pewter export -ed, and granting an equivalent for the fame by a duty upon drugs)x fo far as the fame relates to the importation of drugs from the Ruffian dominions; and alfo an alt made in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An aft for the further improvement of his Majejlfs revenue of cuftoms% and for the enr couragement of officers making feizures, and for the prevention of the* clandeftine running of goods into any part of bis Majejifs dominions) \ to permit the importation of Orthillia weed, and Cobalt, during the prefent hoftilities, from any place whatfoever, in Britifb, Irijb, or neutral (hips; and to permit fugars, the growth of Demerary and Ejj'equiboy to be imported into Great Britain, upon payment of the like duties, and under the like reftriHions, as fugars of tht BritiJh iflands in the Weft Indies*

Cap. 63. For the difeharge of certain infolVent debtors.

Cap. 64. To reHify a miftake in an all, made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting cer-tain inland duties upon cocoa nuts> in lieu thereof 5 for the better and more effectual fecuring the revenue of excift, and of the inland duties tinder the management of the commiffionefs of'edtifer and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to breviers out of the additional duties impofei on malt; and for rectifying a miftake in an aft made in this prefent feffion of parliament, with refpefi to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of ex-cife impofed by the faid aft.

Cap. 65. For e(labli(hing an agreement with the united com* pany of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, for the payment of the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, for thd ufe of the publick, in full difeharge apd fatisfaHipn of alt claims and demands of the publick from the time the bond debt of the faid company was reduced to one million five hundred thoufand pounds, until the firfl day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, in refpeH of the territorial acqui-fitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies; and kifo for fecuring to the publick in refpclt thereof, for a term thefeirti mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear revenues and profits of the (aid company; and for granting to the faid com-pany, for a further time, the foie and exdufive trade to and from the Eaft Indies^ and limits therein mentioned; and for eftsblifh-ing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the faid company, as well in India as \n*Europe9 and the recruiting the military forces of the faid company.

Cap. 66. To explain and amend an all, made in the feven* teenth year of the rpign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft

ta

Digitized by CjOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tj promote the rejidence of the parochial clergy, by moling provifien for the more fpeedy and effectual building, rebuilding, Repairing, or purcbaftng boufes, dm2 other ntcejfary buildings and tenements,for the' ufeof their benefices.

dap. 67. To prevent the mifehiefs that arife from driving cattle within the cities of London and IVefirmnfttr, and liberties thereof, and bills of mortality.

Cap. 68. To explain and amend anadt, made in the fourth year of the reign of his kte majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for the more effectual punijhiitg Jlealers of lead and iron bars9 fixed to boufes, or any fences belonging there* unto.

Cap. 69. To explain and amend an atf, made in the twenty-ninth year pf the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An ait for more effe%udly difsouraging and preventing the dealingr and the buying and receiving of fiolen lead, rrwr, topper, bra/s, bcll-metal, and folder \ and for more effectually bringing the offenders to jujiice.

Cap. 70. To explain and amend fo much of an ad, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled* An att for ejiabli/bing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the Eaft India company as wtliin India as in Europe, as relates to the vadminiftraiion of juftice in Bengal\ and for the relief of certain perfons imprifoned at Calcutta in Bengal> under a judgement of the fupreme court of judicature; and alfo for indemnifying the governor general and council of Bengal, and all officers who have a&ed under their orders or authority, in the undue remittance made tQ the prpeefs of the fu-preme epuft.

Cap. 71. For vetting the parith church of Saint Cbriftopber le Stocks, in the city of London, and the materials and feite thereof, and the church-yard thereto adjoining, in the governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors for ever; and for uniting the fajd parith lo the parith of Saint Margaret Lotbbury, in the laid city.

Cap. 72. For the better maintaining and regulating of the poor within the town of Plymouth Dock, and parith of Stoke Damarcll, in the county of Devon \ and for paving, deanfing, and watching the ftreets, lanes, and paflages, and removing and preventing encroachments, nuifances, and annoyances, and regulating the drivers of coaches, chaifes, and carts, and alfo chairmen, and porters, within the faid town*

Cap. 73. For diminithing the fees payable, and altering the mode of proceeding, in the court of record within the manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the county of Aftddlefex, the hamlets and liberties of the fame.

Cap. 74. For ere&ing a new gaol, and for removing certain gateways, in the tity of Gloucefier; and for amending the feveral ads pafled for the maintenance and fupport of the poor of {he laid city* and lighting, paving, and regulating, the ftreets there.

Digitized by

Google

A TABtE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 75. For appointing new commilfioners for continuing to carry into execution the trufts and powert of an a d parted in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for making the rivir fitower navigate, from the town ^Maningtree, in the county of Eflcx, to the town of Sudbury, in the county of Suffolk* in the room and place of thofe named in the faid ad who are fince dead; and for explaining and amending the faid ad; and for other purpofes therein mch-tioned.

Cap. 76. For building a new church and redory houfe with-in the parifh of Efcritk, in the county of York; and foe confirm* ing an agreement with the redor of the faid parilh, for exchanging and exonerating from tythes certain lands and tenements in Efirkk afbrefaid.

Cap. 77. For continuing the term, and altering and crdaig-,ing the powers, of two ads of the ninth arid twenty-eighth years of his late majefty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in repair iuch part of the roads deferibed in the fall-mentioned ad as leads from the end of Culbarn Bridge next to Culbarn, in the county of Oxford, to the end of Mmrferi Bridge next to Abingdon, in the county of Berks; and from The Moforh Stone at the end of Boar Strict, in the town of Abingdon aforefaid, to Shippon, in the faid county pf Berks, and from thence to the weft end of the town of Fyfield, in the fame county.

Cap. 78. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad, made iq the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amend* ing and widening the road leading from the item of Falmouth* in tie county of Cornwall, through the towns of Penryn, Helftooe, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion river and bridge, and two hundred feet to the wejhuard of the faid river and bridge.

Cap* 79. For repairing and widening the road leading from the port of Borrowjlownefs by the weft of the borough of Lm* litbgow, and by the towns of Torph 'uhen, Bathgate, and White* burn, and from thence Tout h ward to the confines of the county of Linlithgow, at or near Hotthiufeburn.

Cap. 80. For more cffedually repairing the road leading from the town of Denbigh to the town of Saint Afapb, and from thence to the town and port of Rutbland, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing an ad, made in the thirty-fiecond year of his late majefty King George the Second, fo far as the fame relates to the faid road.

Cap. 8r. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road near the wejl end of the teetm of Chefterfield A? Matlock Bridge, and alfo the road leading mi ej the faid road\ over Darley Bridge to Crofs Green; and alfo the read leading out of the lajl-mentioned road to the turnpike road near Row-efley Bridge, in the county of Derby.

Cap- 82 For repairing and widening the rpad from Wihnfm

Bridge^

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Bridge^ in Wilmjhwythe county of Chejltr, through Nether Alderley and the town of CongUton, to or near the Red Bull in Church Ldiotariy in the faid county.

Cap. 83. For repairing* widening, and altering the road from the prefent turnpike road upon Greenhill Moory near Norton, in the county of Dtrbys to Hatberjage, in the fame county, through the fcveral parifhes of Norton, Dronfield, and Hatberjage, in the faid county of Derby; and alfo the road from the road leading from Cbefterfield to Hemjlone L,ane Heady near Stoney Middleton, to TotIey9 through the fevera! parilhes of Bakewelly Hopey Hath-erfagty and Dronfeldy all in the faid county of Derby.

Cap. 84. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an aft, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Secondy for repairing and widening tbe road from Modbury, through the town of Plympton, to the north end of Lincotta Lane, in the eounty of Devon.

, Cap. 85. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, paired in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft far amendingy wideningy and keeping in repoiry fevered roads therein mentionedy lying in tbe counties of Leicefter and Warwick, and in the eounty of the city of Coventry.

Cap. 8fc For continuing and amending an aft, made in the thirty-third year of his late majefty King George the Second, for amending, wideningy and keeping in repair, Jeveral roads leading to tbe borough of Launcefton, in the county of Cornwall.	'

Cap. 87. For repairing and widening the road from a certain gate on the turnpike road, at or near the fouth end of the town of Wejlon on tbe Greeny in the county of Oxfordy to the turnpike road on Kidlington Greeny in the faid county.

Cap. 88. For continuing the term of an aft, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening tbe roads from the borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, through Alcpfter, in the faid tountyy and Feckenham, to a plate called Bradley Brook, in the mnty of Worcefter; and from Alcefter, through ureat Cough ton and Crabs Crofs, in tbe faid county of Warwick ; and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Crofs of Hands, on a common cdltd The Leekhay; and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Broomfgrove, in tbe faid county of Worcefter.

Cup. 89. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, parted in die thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the oeeond, for amendingy wideningy arid keeping in repair , the high roads from the borough of Tam worth to Afhby-deda-zouch in the eounty of Leicefter, and from Sawley Ferry in the faid county to a turnpike gate at or near the end of Swarcliff-lant, leading toy and in the parijh of A(hby-de-la-zouch afore-faid.

Ca». 90. Tw enlarge the term and powers of an aft made in . the nrft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing

Digitized by Goode >

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and widening the road leading from the eajiern end of the borough of Qrampound in the county of Cornwall, through the towns of Saint Auftell and Loft withiel, andfrom thence to the eafi end of the Weft-* ern Taphoufe-lane/>? the faidcounty.

Cap. 91. For enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an aft, made in the thirty^third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, as relates to repairing and widening the roads from Deanburn-bridge, through Greenlaw, and parr of the Jedburgh road by Lauder, in the Jbire of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the county of Durham.

Cap. 92. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarge ing the powers, of an act, made in the thirty-third year of his late Majefty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair,feveral roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Derby, Leicefter* and Warwick; and for amending and keeping in repair the ro*4 branching from part of the faid roads, between Meajham in the laid county of Derby, and Burton-upon-Trent, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road at or near The BulTs Head AUboufe% in uwyctofs, in the faid county of Leicejler.

Cap. 93. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of fo much of an aft, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending and widening the road from the markefrbovfe in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from CoU> ly Gate to Halefowen, and from the turnpike road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, in the parijb of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the counties of Wor-eefter, Stafford, and Salop, as relates to the road from Dudley^ Wood to Rednal Green, and from Garter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield.

Cap. 94. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarge ing the powers, of an act, made in the twenty-feventh year of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening toe high road front Weftwood Gate, in the parijb of Knotting, in the county of Bedford, through the towns of Rulhden and Highatn Ferrers, and over Artleborough B idgc, to the turnpike road in Barton Seagravo Lane, in the parijb of Barton Seagrave, in the county of North" ampton.

Cap. 95. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of fo mpeh of an aft, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign o£ his late majefty King George the Secondt for repairing and widening certain roads therein deferibed, as relate to the roads from Otley to Skipton, in the county of Tork\ from Skipton to Colne, in the county of Lancajler J and from Skip* ton to Clitberoe, in the faid county.

Cap. 96. For continuing and amending an aft, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for amend* ing and widening the roads from the wejl end of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the county ofiork, to a place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the county ef Lancaftcr $ and from « Pku called The Two Laws, to Kighley, in the faid cmtyaf York.

Cap#

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap* 97. For enlarging the term and powers of twvo a<5$, paired in the ninth and twenty-eighth years of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Second* for repairing and widening certain roads therein deferibed, fo far as the fame relate to the road from Henley Bridge, in the county of Oxford* to Dor-defer Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge* and to a place called Mile-ftone* in the road leading to Magdalen Bridge* in the (aid county.

Cap. 98. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, pafled in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing feveral roads, fo far as relates to the road from Leeds to Otley* in,the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 99. For continuing the term of an adt, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing* widening* and mendings the road from Cocking End, near Addingham, in the weji riding of the county of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the county palatine ^Lancafter.

Cap. 100. For more effectually repairing the road leading from the ftones end in Kent Street, in the parifh of Saint George* Southwark^ to Dartford* and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Kent and Surrey 5 and for other purpofes.

Cap. 101. To enlarge the term and powers of two adts, pafled in the eleventh and twelfth years of his prefent Majefty, for amending and widening the road from Bejfelfteigh* through Wantage* to Hungtrford* in the county of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the county of IVilts ; and from the turnpike road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red Houfe upon Wantage Downs; and from thence to Lambourn* in the faid county of Berks; and for amending the road through Pidgeon Lane inftead of the faid road through Halfpenny Lane.

Cap. 102. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of (q much of an adt made in the twentv-eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An afl for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Leeds, in the weft riding of the county of York, through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn, to Burfcougk Bridge in Walton, in the county of Lancafter, and from Skipton, through Giibum and Clitheroe, to Prefton, in tne faid county of Lancafter, as relates 10 the roads from Colne to Blackburn* and firom Blackburn to Burfcougb Bridge.

Cap. 103* For enabling the truftees for executing two alls, made in. the twenty-feventh year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Kettering, in the county

Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks, to take down the turnpike eredted in Sherrington Field* in the find county of Bucks* and to remove the fame to the north end tf Sherrington Bridge, in the faid counry.

Cap. 104. For more effectually amending, widening, and

keeping

' Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

keeping in repair, the roads from the call end of the town of Chard to the fouth end of Weft Afoor, and from the well end of the Yeovil turnpike road, through IlmiJUr to Kenny Gate, and from the weft end of Peafe Marjh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Raine Hill to llmifter, and from White Croft to Chil-lington Down, and from a place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Crofs, in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 105. For continuing the term of an a<3 made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for amending and widening the roads leading from Stretford’s Bridge in the county of Hereford, to the New Inn in the parijh of Winftantow in the county of Salop 3 and alfo the road from Blue-mantle Hall near Mortimer’s Crofs, to Aymftrey in the /aid county of Hereford\ and for repealing fo much of an aft made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of its prefent Majefty, as relates to the road from Mortimer’s Croft to Aymllrey Bridge.

Cap. 106. For more effeHually repairing the roatf from The Dun Cow, in the town of Dunchunh, to the town of Hillmor-ton, in the county of Warwick3 and from thenoe to Saint James'* End, in the parilh of Dufton, in the county of Northampton \ and for repealing the feveral laws now tn force relating to the laid road.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1.	A N afl for naturalizing Simeon Pope.

2.	An alt for naturalizing John Frederick Kern, and Nathaniel Lewis Palejke.

3.	An alt for dividing and inebfing the commons and wafte lands in the parifhes of Shotejbam Saint Mary, Shotejham Saint Botolph, Shotejham All Saints, and Shotejbam Saint Martins, in the county of Norfolk.

4.	An all for dividing and incloling the open arable fields* commons, and wafte lands, in the manors and parifhes in High-clore and Burghclere, in the county of Southampton.

5.	An all for dividing and incloling the commons and wall# lands within the parilh of Hingbam, in the county of Norfolk.

6.	An all for exchanging, dividing, allotting, and incloling,

the lands and grounds called Whole Year Lanas, Half Tear ln-elofures, Open Field Lands, Brecks, Commons r zp&^WaJies, in Great Ring ft cad, in the county of Norfolk. *.	' \

7.	An all for incloling and improving certain, lands and grounds within the townfnip of Weft Halton* in the parilh of Long Prejlon, in the weft riding of the county pf fork. .

8.	An all for naturalizing d ime Charfotte Sophia Srffth, mile

of fir Robert Smyth baronet, and for qualifying ?hd enabling her to hold and enjoy a rent charge, ltmirnd tp heir ppon h$r marriage! in the name of her jointure.	^

*	*9.*	An

A TABLE of the STATUTE!

An aft for naturalizing John Herman Kattr.

10.	An aft for naturalizing John Engelberts Ziegtnbetn and Charles Augujlas Piefcbell.

11.	An aft for naturalizing George Lewis Kohn.

12.	An aft for naturalizing Peter Chajfeaud.

13.	An aft for naturalizing Jamfs Mary SiorJet and John Lewis Hooffftetter.

14.	An aft for dividing and mclofing the common fields, common downs, wade lands, and commonable places, of and within the parifh of Cbicklade> in the county of Witts.

15.	An aft for dividing and indofing the fcveral commons and wafte grounds within the manor and parifh of Dillorn otherwife Dilberne.> in the county of Stafford.

16.	An aft for dividing and indofing the feveral commons ami wafte grounds within the manor of Stoney Middleton, in the county of Derby.

rj. An aftfordividingand mclofing the open and common fields, and other commonable land, within the parifh of liming-/at, in the county, of Warwick.

18.	An aft for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other com* monable lands and grounds, as 'well within the parifh and townfhip of Pjtbley> as within the extraparochial liberty of Rsthbey Temple, in the county of Leicffler.

19.	An aft for dividing and indofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Little Harrowden, in the county of Nmbampton-

20.	An aft to enable John Tripe derk, and the heirs male of his body, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Swete.

21.	An aft for vefting part of the freehold eftates in the county of Kent, devifed by the will of fir Gregory Page baronet, deceafed, in truftees, to fell the fame, for difeharging incumbrances; and for laying out the refidue of the money arifing by fale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be ietded in lieu thereof, to the like .ufes; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

22.	An aft for dividing and indofing certain moors, com* moos, or trafts of commonable land, called or known by the names of Tealbam Moory Blackford Moor, Blackford Ham, and Hare Pie9 within the manor oxBlackfordy in the parifh of Wed* morcy in the county of Somerfet.

23.	An oft for dividing and indofing the lammas meadows, hetths, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifh of fPin-fartbing% in thecounty of Norfolk.

24.	’An aft for dividing, allotting, and indofing the open fields, commonable grounds, and places, of and rwithin the manor,, ford (hip, and liberties of Mountforrelly in the county of 'Imaftor.

. *5. An flft'fbr nsthraltzing Dorothy Hannah Lwfa Harrht the wife of fyttiiam Htnlty, efiqaire.

> 96. An a&for vefting fererai landsand hcreditaaaents there.

‘in

Digitized by Google ^

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in mentioned, of which Jacob earl of Radnor is tenant for life, in truflees, to be fold; and for laying out the monies to arife therefrom in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments* to be fettled to the like ufes, inftead thereof.

27.	An ad for divefling the inheritance in fee Ample of divers manors, mefluages, farms, redories, advowfons, lands, tenements, tithes, rents, and hereditaments, of the right honourable James earl of Salijbury,out of Charles Bank and his heirs, and for veiling the fame in truflees, and their heirs, to, for, and upon fuch of the fevcral ufes, trails, powers, provifoes, ends, intents, and purpofes, mentioned and declared in and by an indenture of rcleafe of the nineteenth day of , one thou-fand feven hundred and twenty-eight, as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking eM.

2$. An ad for veiling part of the fettled eftates of Edmund

Mopes, efquire, in Homing, in the county of Norfolk, in the laid Edmund Mapes, in fee Ample; and for fettling an eftate of the laid Edmund Mapes, in Rt alias Burrow and Repps, in the fame county, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

29.	An ad for veiling divers mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Suffix and Kent, being part of the fettled eftates of John Radcliffe, of Hitehin, in tne county «f Hertford, efquire, in truflees, to be fold, and for laying out the money ariling by fuch fale in the purchafe of other maf-fuages, lands, and hereditaments, fituate and being in the counties^ Hertford and Bedford, or one of them, to be fettled, in lieu tfllreof, to the like ufes.

30.	An ad for veiling part of the fettled eftate of John Baker, efquire, in Folkjlone, in the county of in the faid

John Bah r, in fee Ample; and for fettling another eftate of the faid John Baker, in the faid county of Kent, of equal value, in lieu thereof.

31.	An ad to conflrm and eftablilh an agreement, for can-

celling and making void a fettlement of certain manors, meflu-ages, lands, and hereditaments, in the north riding of the county of	York,the eftates of the honourable Ann Fairfax, fpin-

fter; and for making another fettlement of the fame manors, mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, to the ufes mentioned in fuch agreement.

32.	An ad for effeduating the fale of a freehold eftate of Ann

Pinnoek, an infant, at New Wtndin the county of Berks, purfuant to an agreement with Thomas	gentleman.

33.	An ad for effeding an exchange between John Pratchitt and William Pratchitt, gentlemen, of their eftates in the counties of Stafford and Salop; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

34.	An ad for confirming and carrying into execution cer-

tain articles of agreement, made between me devifee and heirs at law of Frederiik, lord Baltimore, deceafed, refpeding the province of	.Maryland,in America, and for other the purpofes there-

in mentioned} and for the eftablilhing and veiling the ftjd province in Henry Harford,efquire, and. hit 'heirs, upon the

feveral

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fcveral payments, terms, and conditions, and in manner, therein mentioned.

35.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain moors, commons, and wafte lands, called Mark Moor, other-wife Tburll Moot) Mark Liberty Moor, otherwife Yonder Moor, and Foie Moors and Commons, fituate within the parilh of Mari, in the county of Somerfet.

36.	An aft for dividing and inclofing a certain common, called Dale Moor, or Stanton Moor, within the manors of Dale and Stanton, or one of them, in the county of Derby.

37.	An aft for inclofing certain lands within the parilh of Enj/bam, in the county of Oxford, and for fetting out and regulating part thereof, as a common pafture, and for extinguishing all right of common upon certain inclofed lands within the laid parilh.

38.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the commons or wafte lands in the townlhips of Grinjbill, Sanfaw, and Clive * in the parilhes of Grinjbill and Saint Mary, in the county of Salop.

39 An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, and other uninclofed lands, meadows, and commonable places of, and belonging to, Cropjlon, in the parilh of Tbur~ tafon, and county of Leicejler.

40.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain commons and wafte grounds within the parilh of Hanbury, in the county of Worcejler.

41.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable land, within the manor and parilh of Kington, in the county of Worcejler.

42.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common field, and other commonable lands and grounds, lying within, and belonging to, the manor and parilh of Frejlon Biffett, in the county of Bucks.

The End of /STABLE.

voi. xxxin.	b

Digitized by Google

Digitized by LjOOQle

THE

STATUTESat Large, &c.

Anno regni G E O R G11 III. RegisMagna Britannia, Francice, &1	,

vicefimo primo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weft-minfter, the thirty-firft day of Odtober, Anno Domini 1780, in the twenty-fir ft year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,

King, defender of the faith, &c. Being the firfj fejjion of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

in an to extend the	provifms contained in an pejfed in the left

fejjion of parliament, (	intituled,An ad co prevent any mi (chief

or inconvenience which may arife to (heriffs, gaolers, fuitors, prifoners, or others, by the prifoners in feveral gaols in the counties of Middlefex and Surry, and the city of London, having been fet at liberty during the late tumults and infur-regions), to	perfons arrejled and hailed ftnce the	of

the faid gaols, and before the fame Jhall repaired, or other pri-fons fubjiituted in lieu thereof,

WHEREAS by an	ati,paffed in the of	/^Preamble.'

lafi parliament, ( intituled,An a<3 to prevent any mifchief J0 q^, -or inconvenience which may arife to fheriffs, gaolers, fuitors, c. (4, recited, prifoners, or others, by the prifoners in feveral gaols in the counties) of Middlefex and Surry, and the city of London, having been let at liberty during the late tumults and infurre&ions), diners provifms were made for the purpofts therein particularly mentioned end expreffed, which were to be in forte until the prtfont the King's Bcachand the Fleet Jbould be repaired tad made fie fir

Oa	the

/X

]i8i	Anno	yicefimo primo Georgii III. c. i. [1781.

the reception of prifonersy or other prifon or prifons fubjiituted in lieu thereof and the fame fhould be notified in the London Gazette by one of his Majefiy s principal fecrclaries of fate: and whereas it has ttot yet been practicable to repair the[aidprifons of the King’s Bench and Fleet, jo as to make the fame fit for the reception of prifoners, and no other prifons have been fubjiituted in lieu thereof; and doubts have arifen} whether perfons who have been arrefUd and given bail fince the dejlruflion of the faid prifons, or who may hereafter be arrefled and give bail before the faid prifons are repaired, or ether '	prifons fubjiituted in lieu thereof \ are within the intent and meaning

of the provifions of the faid ah; be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this Defendant! in Prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, any actions, That in cafe any defendant iti any adtionor information/ in in London or London or Middlefexr, hath, fince the deftru6tion of the Lid pri-Middlefex, fons, furrendered, or been furrendered; or before the faid ftru£Uon of" prifons of the King's Bench and the Fleet fefpedtively lhall be the King's repaired, or other prifon or prifons be fubftituted in lieu thereof Bench and refpedtively, and notice thereof given in die London Gazette, as Fleet pnfdns, ;n thc faid act is mentioned, fhall tender to furrendcr,1 or hath i^ndered* or^	or	be	tendered to be furrendered in difeharge of

who, before hail, or fhall be taken in execution by virtue of any procefs the laid pri- ifluing out of any of his Majefty's courts of record at IVeJlmin-tons fhall be jler^ fuch defendant fhall be intitled to the fame privileges, be-fufrender &c nc^t8» and advantages, and fubjeCt to the fame penalties and lhall be inti- durabilities, and with the fame indemnity for the marfhal of the tied to the King's Bench, or warden of the Fleet rcfpcftively, as any defame privi- fendant who was arrefted before the definition of the faid prL an eited before *°ns> anc* w^° Surrendered, or has been furrendered, in the late riots, difeharge of bail, would be by virtue of the faid ad.

IJE* And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefai^, No debtor to That until the faid prifons of the King's Bench and the Fleet re-beremoved by fpedtivejy, (hall be repaired and made fit for the reception of intotheCOrpUS Primers, or other prifon or prifons fubfiituted in lieu thereof. King's Bench and the fame notified in the London Gazette by one of his Ma-or Fket pri- jefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, no debtor fhall be removed fons, before or turned over, by virtue of any writ of habeas corpus, from any patred^&cr £ao* vv^atf°?ver» to the cuftody of the marlhal of the King's ”	*	*	Bench or warden of the Fleet \ and the laid marfhal and warden

refpeeftively lhall be indemnified with refpe<5t to all defendants . * *	removed or turned over, and fuch defendants (hall be fubje£t to

all the regulations and provifions concerning defendants before exprefTed and contained, or referred unto, in and by this prefen t a£h	.................

Directions re- Ilf. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, have to per- That if any perfon, who,1 fince the deftrueffon of the faid pri-°ut °d f°ns>.^at^ been arrefted, or who, before the reparation thereof' Middld^x, refpedttvd^ or fubftitytion of fome other prifon or prifons in who have *	lieirrhereof refpedtiyeJy; and notification of ,fuch repapr or fuU-

been or (hall ftitution in the London Gazette as aforefaid, fhall be arrefted in

any

Digitized by uooQle

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 2.'

fchy county iri this kingdom, except London and Middlefex, by bearrefted virtue of any4 writ or procefs ifluing out of any of his Majefty’s courts at Wtftminjler, (hall furrender or be furrendered, in dif- ai^ whoftiall* charge of bail, before the faid prifons refpeftively (hall be re- be furrender-paired, or other prifon or prifons fubftituted in lieu thereof, and ed, &c. fuch notification given in the London Gazette as aforefaid, every fuch perfon (hall furrender him or herfelf, or be furrendered into the cuftody of the (heriff of the county in which fuch perfon was arrefted, in the gaol or prifon of fuch county, who (hall thereupon confine fuch defendant or defendants, fubjedf to all fuch regulations and provifions as county gaols are by law fub-jeft to; which furrender (hall, to all intents and purpofes, be as effectual and available in the law as a furrender and commitment to the marfhal or warden of the Fleet would have been before the deftruftion of the faid prifons of the King's Bench and the Fleet; and every fuch prifoner, fo furrendering or furrendered as aforefaid, (hall be, and (hall be deemed to be ipfo . , fafio on fuch furrender, without any commitment by any judge, a prifoner in the cuftody of fuch (heriff, in like manner, and to every intent and purpofe, as if fuch prifoner never had been bailed.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Under (herifft That the under (heriff, and alfo the gaoler of every prifon, into *nd gaolers whofe cuftody fuch debtors (hall furrender, or be furrendered, ^ieTof aU*1" as aforefaid, mall make entries of all fuch furrenders in a book furrenders, to be kept by them refpedtively for that purpofe; which book &c.

(hall be open to the infpeftion of all perfons requiring to examine the fame; and if any under (heriff or gaoler lhall make default therein, he (hall be idjudged guilty of a contempt of the court out of which the procefs iffued upon which fuch debtor or debtors was or were arrerted ; and (hall and may be puni(hed as in other cafes of contempts of court.

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the autho- Under (heriffs rity aforefaid, That the under (heriff of every county for the to certify true time being, from time to time, (hall certify unto the mafter of

the court of king’s bench, and unto the prothonotaries of the CQ,irt of° court of common pleas, and unto the remembrancer of the King s Bench, court of exchequer, on the laft day of every term, true copies &c. of all fuch furrenders which (hall have been made in the coun- , tv for which he (hall be under (heriff; which refpeftive officers ihall file the fame of record in the faid courts refpe&ively.

CAP. II.

An aft fer further continuing an a&t made in the fervent eer.tb year of the reign of bis prtfent Mojefy, intituled An aft to impower his Ajijcfty-to fecure and detain perfons charged with, or fufpefted of, the crime, of high treafon, committed in any of his Majefty's colonies or plantations m America, or on the high feas, or the crime of piracy. —- Continued till the fTfi ef January, \781.

O3	CAP.

Digitized by

Google

[1781.

£84	Anno	vicefimo	primp	Georgii III. C.3.

CAP. III.

An aft for granting an aid to his Majefly by a land tax, to be reaped in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one tkoufandfi-ven hundred and eighty one. — At four /hillings in the pound.

Commiflion- VI. A ND be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* ergot the land	That,	for	the	better	afleffing,	ordering,	levying, and

vcarii77t collefting, of the feveral fums of money fo as aforefaid limited j776,and5*	and appointed to be railed and paid, in the aforefaid part of Great

177S, are to Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, and for put this aft the more effeftua) putting of this aft in execution m reference in execution} tQ t^e fame^ ajj arKj every the perfon and perfons who in and by an aft of parliament, made and pafled in the fifteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An aft for appointing commifp* oners for putting in execution an aft of this Jeffton of parliament, in-tituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax* to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-five); and by one other aft * of parliament, made and pafled in the fixteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An aft for reftifying mijlakes in the names of feveral of the' commiffioners appointed by an aft, made in-the lap Jeffton of parliament, to put in execution an aft made in the fame fef-Jton, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five; and for appointing other commiffioners, together with thofe named in the firft mentioned aft, to put in execution an aft of this Jeffton of parliament» for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain,^/* the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix); and by one other aft of parliament, made and pafled in the eighteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An aft for appointing commiffioners to put in execution an aft of this Jeffton of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fen-vice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, together with thofe named in two former afts for appointing com-„ tniffioners of the land tax); or by any or either of thofe afts* were named and appointed commiffioners for putting in execution the fame afts within the feveral counties cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, of England, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, duly qualifying themfelves according to this aft in that behalf, (hall be commiffioners for putting in execution, and (hall put in execution this prefent aft, and the «powers therein contained, within and for the fame counties* •	ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places re-

unlefs new fpeftively; unlefs before the day herein-after appointed for the commiflioners firft meeting of the commiffioners for putting this aft in eXe-ted cutioo, fome aft or afts of parliament rtiall be made and pafled Jbrcthefirft f°r naming and appointing fpecial commiflioners for putting in meeting. execution this prefent aft i in which cafe no perfon or perfons

fhall

Digitized by

Google

1781.3 Anno yicefimo primo Georgii III. C. 3.	£#5	-

fhall be impowered, by virtue of any nomination or appoint- ' meat by any former a&, or by this ad of parliament, to ad as a commWfioner for putting this prefent ad in execution;

XV. And whereat many difficulties and inconveniences have arifeti, and JliU frequently happen to the commiffioners of the land tax for the time beings upon the death or removal of their refpeftive clerks, into whofi cuflody the duplicates of the feveral books of ajfejfments, minute jocksy and other books and papers relating to the bujtnefs of the land tax in their refpefiive divjfions, have been delivered, fucb clerks fa removed* or the executors and adminiflrators, or other legal reprefen-tatives, of fucb clerk fo dying, frequently refuftng to deliver over fuch duplicates, books, and papers, to the faid commiffioners for the time being, or to their order or appointment, under a pretence that the faid commiffioners have no property in the fame, and are without remedy for the recovery thereof \ be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the duplicates of the fe- Property of veral books of affeflinents, which have been or (hall be made pubiick books and delivered, by the refpedive affeffors of the land tax, to the commiffioners of the land tax, in any divifion or place, or to their refpe&ive clerks for the time being, and which arc or (hall . be in the cuflody, keeping, or poffeffion of fuch commiffioners nr clerks refpe&ively, and all minute books, and other pUblick books and papers relating to the land tax, in the cuflody, keeping, or poffeffion of any fuch clerk or clerks, who hath or haye been, or (hall be removed from fuch office or offices, or in the cuflody, keeping, or poffeffion of the executors, adminiftrators, or other legal representatives, of any perfon or peribns who hath or have djed or (hall die during his or their holding fuch office or offices, or after his or their removal from the fame, or in the cuflody, keeping, or poffeffion of his or their refpec-tive agent or attorney ? or of any other perfon or perfonswhom- vefodin com* fbever, (hall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be the miffibnersj property of the commiffioners of the land tax ailing in fuch re-fpe&ive divifion or place, for the time being, and in iuccefOon, as records of and belqnging to them the faid commiffioners, for and the faid their ufe and infpellion; and (hall be placed and depofited with, books, &c. to and remain in the cuflody, keeping, and poffeffion of them the faid commiffioners, or their refpedtive clerks for the time be- |£eir cuflody. ing, or of fuch other perfon as the (aid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, for the time being, (hall, from time to time, at their meetings, order, diredl, or appoint.

XXI. And whereas the inhabitants of many pqrijhes or places have frequently fuffered by the frauds and infolvency of their collectors, by being fubjefled to re^affejfments for monies embezzled by them; be it enalted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That Colle&ors to fuch perfons as fhall be nominated as before direlied to be fecurity colleltors, fhall, if required fo to do, give good and fufficient oVthe^eTo fecurity to any three or more of the commiffioners appointed be collected for-carrying this all into execution, equal to the amount of the by them, whole rate to be collected in each diftrill, for their duly paying to the receiver-general fuch monies, affeffed as aforefaid, as

O*	fhall

41

Digitized by v^ooQle

4i8$

Hofpital at Eaft Stone-houfe to be aflefled alfo within the town of Plymouth.

sol* to be paid out of the fum afiefied on the laid officers, * in aid of the mfiefiinent on ' Eaft Stone-boufe

-Anno vlccfimo primo Qeorgii III. c. 4.	[1781.

fhall come to their hands; which fecurity the faid commiflxon-ers, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorifcd and impowered to takC; andon failure of the perions fo named to be collectors, as before directed, giving fuch fecurity, if required, the faid commifTioners, or any three or more of them, (hall bo at liberty, and are hereby authorifed to appoint any other two or more fufficient perfons, who can give fuch fecurity as aforefaid, redding within the limits and bounds of the parilhes, rownlhips, conftablewicks, and places, where they (hall be chargeable, to be collectors of the monies to be railed by this act* Provided always. That if no perfons can be found within the feveral parilhes, townfhips, conftablewicks, or places re-fpeCtively, who are willing or able to give fuch fecurity, then, and in fuch cafe, the perfons who were firft named by the commifiioners as before directed, (hall be collectors of the monies afleffed and charged under this aCt.

LXX. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That rthe officers of his Majefty’s hofpital for lick and hurt feamen in the parifli of Eaft Stonehoufe, near Plymouth, (hall be afiefied upon this aCt for their falaries, and other profits of their places, within the town and borough of Plymouth, where the falaries of the faid officers, in the year one thouland (even hundred and fifty-nine, were afiefied, and not dfewhere; fo as the full proportion which was afiefied upon the faid town and borough of Plymouth, in the year one thoufand (even hundred and fifty-nine, be again afiefied thereon by virtue of this aSt; and b as the (aid parilh of Eaft Stonehoufe be not charged with a greater proportion in refpeCt of the faid falaries and profits than they were in the faid year; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

LXXI. Provided always. That out of the fum to be afiefied on the officers of the faid hofpital for fick and hurt feamen, there (hall be paid to the collectors of the land tax for the pa-rilh of Eaft Stonehoufe, the fum of twenty pounds; to be applied in aid of the afleflinent to be laid upon the faid parilh by virtue of this aCt

CAP. IV1.

An aft for continuing and granting to bis Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, Cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thounnd feven hundred and eighty.one.

❖

CAP.

Digitized by L.ooQle

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 5*	187

1

CAP. V.

Jn afl far extending the pravifiom of three afls, made in the eighteenth ^ nineteenth, and twentieth years of his prefent Majefiy9s reign, with rejpefl to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to prizes taken pom the fates general of the United Provinces \for declaring what goods Jball be deemed military or (hip (lores; for regulating the fale of and after taining the duties upon Eaft India goods condemned as prize in the port of London \ for per mi ting the pur chafers of prize goods condemned abroad to import fucb goods into this kingdom, under the like regulations and advantages as are granted by law to captors themfelves; and for reducing the duties on foreign prize tobacco.

WHEREAS his Majefiy, by order in council, dated the twen- Preamble.

tieth day of December, one tboufand (even hundred and Recital of hi* eightyy was pleafed to order, that general reprifafs be granted againfi Majetty's or-tbejbips, goods, and fubjefls, of thefates general of the United Pro- der jfreoun-vinccs; Jo that as well as his Majeffs fleet and (hips, and alfo all c,1*®ec* ,0# ether (hips and vejfels that (hall be commijfionated by Utters of marque 17 or general reprisals, or other wife, by his Majefiy9 s commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain,^?//and may lawfully Jeize all Jlips, vejfels, and goods, belonging to the fates general of the United Provinces, or their fubjefls, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the aforefaid fates general, and bring the fame to judgement in any of the courts of Admiralty within bis Majefiy s dominions: and whereas it is expedient that fucb of the fevercl provifions of three afls of parliament, which are now in force; the one made in. the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefly's reign, intituled, An aft for the relief of the captors of prizes. Aft 18 Geo. with refpeft to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in c. 15. this kingdom 5 one other afl, made in the nineteenth year of his Ma-jeflfs reign, intituled, An aft for granting relief to the captor? 19Geo.3 c.51 of prizes, with refpeft to bringing and landing certain French prizes in this kingdom 5 and the other made in the laf feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for extending the provifions of two and*0Geo.t afts, made in the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, recited, c. 9. * and in the lad feflion of parliament, with refpeft to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanijb prize goods; and for repealing fo much of the faid laft mentioned aft as relates to the certificates for prize tea and Eaft India goods exported from this kingdom to Ireland j for removal of Eajl India goods, condemned as prize at any out-port, to London for fale, and of prize goods for exportation; and for reducing the duty on foreign prize tobacco \ Jbould be extended in like manner to all prize .goods which have been or may be taken from the fates general of the .United Provinces, or their fubjefls, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the faid fates general, in purfuance of his Ma-jeftfs faid order in council, Jubjefl neverthelefs to fucb alterations and regulations as berein-after preferibed; may it therefore pleafe your

o	Majefty

i8S

Such parts of the recited alts as are now in force extended to Dutch prizes taken (ince Dec. io> 1780.

What articles (hall be deemed military and (hip (tores.

Regulations relative to the (ale of, and payment of the duties on Eait India goods condemned as prize in the port of London.

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 5.	£1781.

Majefty that it may beenadted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemWed, and by the authority of the fame. That fb much of the fa id recited adts, made in the eighteenth and nineteenth years of his Majefty’s reign, and in the Jaft feflion of parliament, and all the articles, claufes, and provifions therein which are now in force, (except where any alteration is made by this act), (hall extend, and be conftrued to extend, to all prize goods and fhips or* veftels which have been taken from the ftates general of the Unittd Provinces, or their fubjedts, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the faid ftates genera], (ince the twentieth day of December, one thoufand fe-*ven hundred and.eighty, or which hereafter may be taken during the continuance of the prefent hoftilities with the faid ftates general, by any of his Majefty’s (hips or veflels of war, or by any private or other fbip or veflcl having commiffion or other authority from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the oommiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, for that piirpgfe.

II.	And whereas, by the herein-before recited off, made in the eighteenth year of his majeflfs reign, it is, among ft other things, provided, That no duties or eujlms whatfoever (hall be demanded or taken for any prize goods eonftfling of any military or flip flares: and whereas doubts have arifen what articles are and ought to be deemed military and flip (lores; for remedy whereof^ it is hereby further cnadted by the authority aforefaid, That the fcveral articles hereinafter enumerated, and no other, (hall be deemed and taken to be military ami (hip ftores within the intent and meaning of the faid recited adt; (that is to fay), fails, cordage, anchors and cables, marts, yards, bowfprks, blocks, guns, gunpowder, (hot, match, gun-carriages, cartridges, and other materials thereto belonging; and all timber and iron converted into and made fit for (hip-building, or for any of the ufes and purpofes aforefaid; beef, pork, and butter, felted, bifeuit, (mail beer, peafe, and oatmeal, Tailors clothes, hammocks, bedding, md other apparatus and inftruments of the furgeons $ any cuf-tom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority -aforefaid. That all goods, of the growth, produdt, cr manufadture of the Eajl Indies, which have been taken as prize during the prefent hoftilities, and brought by the captors into the port of London, and which now remain there unfold, and all fuch Eafl India goods as (hall be brought into, and condemned as prize m the port of London, after the paffing of this adt, (hall be publickly expofed to falc in the city of London, by the captors or their a>-gents; and the duties due and payable thereon (hall be computed and paid by the feme rules, regulations, and reftridttons, in allrefpedts, as are prefcribed by the before-recited adtvof the lift ftflSon of parliament for the like goods carried into any out-

port

Digitized by

Google

1781,] Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGJI III. c. 5.	189

port in this kingdom and there condemned, and afterwards brought to the port of London for fate j any cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithflanding.

IV.	And whereas it frequently happens that prizes are taken and tarried into ports in foreign partsy and condemned in fome court of admiralty within his Majejiys dominions out of this kingdom, and the captors may be under nccejftty of difpoftng of the fame there; now9 to encourage the bringing fuch prizes into this kingdom after condem-

nation and fak9 be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Purchafers of That the purchafers of fuch prizes of the captors (hall, upon prize goods importation thereof into this kingdom, have and be intitled to the fame liberty of warehoufing fuch goods, and fuch goods import them (hall in all other refpe&s be fubje<5t and liable to the fame du- into this king* ties, regulations, and reftri&ions, as they would be fubjeft and dom in the liable to by law if the fame had been imported by the captors, without being fold abroad, fubjeft neverthelefs to the provifo themfcHes* herein-after mentioned; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithflanding.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by Provided the the authority aforefaid. That no prize goods fo imported matter deliver into this kingdom, after having been fold abroad as aforefaid,

(hall be intitled to any of the benefits or advantages intended J>,fficcr at by this adt, unlefs the mafier, or perfon having the charge or port of ira-command of the (hip or veffel importing the fame, (hall, at portation,&q. the time he makes his report at the cuftom-houfe, deliver to the collector, or other proper officer of the cuftoms at the port of importation, a certificate, under the hand and feal of the collator and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms at the port or place where fuch goods (hall be laden on board his veflel; or under the hand and feal of the governor or lieutenant governor, if there (hall not be any fuch officer of the cuftoms there; or under the hand and feal of the Britijh con-ful, in cafe there (hall not be any governor or lieutenant governor at fuch port or place, certifying that fuch goods have been bona fie taken and condemned as prize in one of his Majefty’s .courts of admiralty, or vice-admiralty, naming the place where, and the time when, fuch goods were fo condemned, and the name of the (hip or veflel or (hips or vefiels by which they were captured ; which certificate (hall alfo deferibe the fpecies of fuch goods, with the marks and numbers of the packages containing the fame ; and the mafter, or perfon having the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall alfo at the fame time make oath, before fuch colledtor or other proper officer of the cuftoms at the port of importation, (which oath (uch colledor and other proper officer is and are hereby refpedively authorised andim-powered to adminifter,) that the goods fo imported in fudi (hip or veflel are the fame goods which are mentioned in fuch certificate, and no other; and on failure of any of the particulars herein required, fuch goods (hall be fubjetft and liable to the &mc duties, reftri&ions, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures,

as

Digitized by v^ooQle

igo

Foreign prize tobacco exported before the palling of the recited aft t>f laft ieflion, may be re-imported on payment of the fame duties, &c. as tobacco taken fince the palling of that aft $

provided the importer prove the identity thereof.

Preamble. Jtecitalof 19 Geo. 3, c. 76,

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 6, 7. [ijSii

as they would be fubjeft and liable to, if this aft had riot been made.

VI,	And whereas feveral parcels of tobacco of the growth or product of foreign plantations in America, which have been taken and condemned as prize in this kingdom fence the prefent hojlilities with France and Spain, were exported into foreign parts before tht pajfeng of the herein-before recited act of the laft feffeon of parliament, part of which tobacco has been returned for want of a market abroad, and is now remaining on board Jhips in this kingdom, and other port isJlill remaining abroad in foreign parts, and cannot be fold there: and whereas it is reafonable, for the encouragement of the captors, to permit fetch tobacco to be re-imported into this kingdom, and admitted to an entry here, upon payment of the fame duties as tobacco of the growth, produd, or manufacture of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America ; be it therefore enabled by the authority afore-faid. That, from and after the pafling of this aft, fuch tobacco which has been, or may be re-imported into this kingdom, (hall be liable to pay the fame duties, and (hall be fubjeft, in all other refpefts, to the fame fecurities, rules, regulations, and re-ftriftions, as fuch tobacco is and would have been liable to by the before-recited aft made in the laft feflion of parliament, in cafe the fame had been taken and condemned fince the palling of that aft.

VII.	Provided always. That the perfon importing or returning fuch tobacco into this kingdom, (hall, at the time of entering fuch tobacco, prove, to the fatisfaftion of the commiflioners of the cuftoms, that fuch tobacco fo returned is the identical tobacco that was condemned in this kingdom and exported from hence; referring to the time of fuch condemnation, and the time of exportation, with the name of the (hip and mafter in Which it was fo exported.

CAP. VI.

An aft for further continuing an aft, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown filk in any fhips or veflels, tor a limited time. Continued till the twenty-fifth of Match, 178s.	f

CAP. VII.

An ad to explain and amend an ad, made in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft for augmenting the militia.

WHEREAS by an ad, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft for augment-, ing the militia, it is enaded, that volunteer companies may be raifed and added to any regiment or battalion of militia, in the manner therein direded; and many fuch companies have already been raifed and added, in pvrfuance of the faid ad; but it is not expedient that any more fuch companies Jhould be raifed at prefent; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons,

Digitized by Google

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGII III. c. 8—io#	*9X

mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no more fuch volunteer companies (hall No more vo-be raifed or added to any regiment or battalion of militia for lunteercom-any county or riding, under and by virtue of the faid adl, until *° his Majefty (hall.be pleafed to authorise the fame by proclamati- ^ of the Sid on or order in council; and that from and after the iffuing of aft, until aq-fuch proclamation, the faid recited adl (hall be in full force and thorifed by effeft during the prefent hoftilities; any thing herein contained ^reclamation, to the contrary notwithftanding.	•	Ct

II.	Provided, That nothing, herein contained (hall extend. Not to aflfeft or be conftrued to extend, to affedl any fuch volunteer coppa- companies al-nies as have been already raifed and added to any regiment or rcacjy raifed." battalion of militia by virtue of the faid adl; but that, with re-fipeft to fuch laft-mentioned volunteer companies, the faid adl (pall remain in full force and effedl.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for puniihing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. .

CAP. IX.

An aft for the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while onftiore.

CAP. X.

An aft for making compenfation to the proprietors of certain mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Kent and Eflex, pur chafed in purfuance of two feveral afts of parliament, pajfed in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for fecuring his Majefty’s docks, (hips, and (lores, at Sheernefs and Chatham j and for better defending the paflage of the river Thames at Grave fend and Tilbury Fort.

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the twentieth year of the Preamble.

reign of bis prefent Majejly, intituled. An adl to veft cer* Recital of 10 tain mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in truftees, Gco* for the better fecuring his Majefty’s docks, (hips, and (lores, at Plymouth and Sbcernejs; and for better defending the pallage of the river Thames at Gravefend and Tilbury Fort; certain mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein mentioned, were vejled in the right honourable fir Fletcher Norton knight, and other perfims therein mentioned, and their heirs \ in trufi neverthelefs for fucb perfon and perfons, bodies politick or corporate, ecclefiajiical or civil, as at or immediately before the time of making the faid aft, were the feve- ' ral and refpeftive owners and proprietors thereof, according to their Jeveral eflates and interefis therein at the fame time, in pojfejfion, reverfion, remainder, or otherwife, until Juch ejlates and interefts Jbould be refpeftively adjudged and determined, or pojfejfion thereof taken by the principal officers of his Alajejly's ordnance, or engineers9 Or other officers afting under their authority? (which they were thereby intf>o\vered to do whenever it Jbould-be found necejjary for bis Ma-' sfervice), and the feveral fum or (urns of money, and interejft for

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefima primo Georg n III. c. io. [1781.

the fame* after the rate of five pounds per centum for one year, for the grofs Jum that Jhould be ajfejjei for the true and real value there-of in manner and form tperein mentioned, Jhould be paid: and it was by the faid aft alfo enabled, Thaty immediately after payment Jhould be made, of the fum and fums of money to be afeertainei, in manner therein mentioned, as the value of the rights and mterefts of alt perfons pojfejfed of or interejled in, fuel mejfuages, lands, tent-ments, or hereditaments, unto the owners or proprietors thereof rt-fteftively, the faid trufteti Jhould be deemed and adjudged to fiani feifed of the premifes fo paid for, to and for the ufe of his Majejiy, and his heirs and fuccejfors, for ever, freed and dife barged.of and from all right, title, claim, and demand whatfoever, that could or might be made by any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate. Hit Mijefty, ecclefiajlical or civil: and whereas his Majejiy, by virtue of the /aid by virtue of aft of parliament, iffued his commijfion, by letters patent, under the the faid aft, great fea\ 0f Great Britain, bearing date at Weftrtiinfter, the tSuperfon^*twin	day	of Auguft now lajl pa ft, autborifing and impow-

commiffion- ering certain perfons therein named, or any five or more of them, to ers;	do, perform, and execute, all powers, directions, authorities, matters»

and things, in the faid aft contained, which by the faid aft fucb com-mijfioners are authorifed and required io do, perform, ana execute: and whereas, by virtue of.tfoe faid commiffion, and in purfuance of the faid aft of parliament, five or more of the commijfioners in the faid commijfion named, on the thirteenth day of November lajl, did meet, mho on Nov. Purfuant to notice thereof in writing duly given and fixed up, and 13. met in the Qjj° publijhei in the London Gazette, twenty days and more before town-hall of fuch meeting, in fuch mauntr as in and by the faid aft of parliament Rochefter. was direfted, at the town-hall in the city of Rochefter; and did then and there adjourn to the fourth day of December now lajl; on which day, and ajterwards from day to day, until the eighth day of Their pro- Me faid month of December, they proceeded, by and upon the infpec-ccedingsthere, lion and examination of deeds, writings, and records, and other w\ft, to enquire and afeertain who were the owners and proprietors of the meffaages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, mentioned in the faid aft, andfituate at Sheernefs and Gravefend aforefaid, and the par-titular ejlate and intereji of each of fuch ptrfons therein; and fucb ctmmiffmers at the fame time proceeded, by and upm the inquejl of twelve or more good and lawful men, qualified to ferve upon juries at the affixes for the faid county of Kent, impannelled,funearned, and returned, by Robert Burrow efquire, fberiff of the feud county, to take the inquefi, (and before which jurors witnejfes ivert examined), to enquire and afeertain the true and real value of the mefiuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the faid aft mentioned to be fituate at Sheernefs and at Gravefend, and of rvery \pari and parcel thereof, and the true and real value of the particular aflalt and inter eft of each perfon inti tied unto or interejled in the fame refpeftively5 and five or more oj the faid eommiffioners did afterwards meet pitrfuani io adjournment, and did make their determination and decree ypurfuent to the faid recited aft, with regard to the faid mef-fudges, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fituate at Sheernefs and -Gravefeftl \ and thereby they determined and decreed, that the true

end

Digitized by v^.ooQle

i)8i.} Anna vicefitna primo Georgii IlJ. a io«	*93

Mi rw/ value of the faid mejjuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, at Sheernefe and Gravefend, including fame fmdtt fums for the value of forrii feed /own, and fomt gardening flock growing oh fenh fitiau parts of fucb lands at Gravefend, ts thirteen thoufand four hundred and fifty-two pounds, and feventeen jbillinp: and CommifKon-wbtrtas jive or more of the commiffioners, named in the faiacommif- crs*on

fa ih* of 9sat ** \ RoiXd*

feventb day of the [aid month of November la ft, meet at the White Hart inn in the town of Romford, in the county of Effex,turfuant to notice thereof in writing given and fixed up, and alfopublijbed in the London Gazette, twenty days and more before fucb meeting, in fuch manner as dire fled by the faid recited afl ofparliament; and fuch com- Their pro. mifficners did then and there, in fuch like manner asaforefaid, enauire woe were the owners and proprietors of the lands, tenements, and here- 1 filaments, mentioned in the laid afl, fituate near Tilbury Fort, in the feui county, and the particular efidte and inter eft of each offuch perfons tier tin; andfuch commiffioners at the fame time proceeded*, by and upon the inqtuft oftwelve or more good and lawful mtn9 qualified to ferve upon juries at the affixes for the county of Effex, impannelled, fummon-td, and returned, by Henry Hinde Felly efquire, Jheriff of the faid county, to take the inqueft, and before which jury witnejfes were ex-mined, to enquire and afeertain the true and real value of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the faid afl mentioned to be fituate near Tilbury Fort, and the true and real value of the particular efiate and inter eft of each perfon intit led unto or inter efted in the fame refpefliveiy 5 and it thereupon appearings that two perfons, as tenants of other lands adjoiningr would fufiain damage by the taking of the lands, mentioned in the faid reetted afl of parliament to he fituate near TilburyFdrt, for the purpofes of the faid afl of parliament, the faid commiffioners then and inert aifo proceeded, by the inquefl of tie faid jurors, on examination bf witneffes before them, to inquire and afeertain what damage fuch tenants of adjoining lands would fief-tain thereby; and five or more of thefaid commiffioners did afterwards meet, purfuant to adjournment, and did make their determination and decrees purfuant to the faid recited afl, with regard to the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fituate near Tilbury Fort; and thy thereby determined and decreed, that the true and real value of the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the feud afl mentioned to be fituate near Tilbury Fort, including the value or amount of the damage fuflained by two tenants of adjoining lands as aforefaid, is one hundred and forty-eight pounds, and eighteen ]hillings\ and thy thereby certified, that fuch lands and tenements were firft made ufe of for the purpofes in the faid afl mentioned at Midfummer, one thou-/and/even hundred and feventy-eight: and whereas, by another afl ef par ament, alfo paffed in the twentieth year of his prefent Majeftj, intituled. An a& to veil certain meffuages, lands, tenements, and liertcHtamems, ih truftees, for the better fecuring his Majefty’s dock, (hips, and (lores, at Chatham; certain other meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein mentioned, were vefttd in the findfir Fletcher Norton, tindfeveral other perfons therein mention-ii% and tbiir heirs^ upon the file trufis as are heriin-before mention-

Digitized by v^ooQle

194

Other com* miflioners ap* pointed on Aug. »6$

who met in the town-ball of Roche f-tcr.

Their proceedings there.

The /cveral fums decreed by the com-miftioners to be paid a-mount to 34>*7*b7S.6d. belidcs inte-reit.

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. [1781;

id: and whereas one other commxffion, under the great feal of Great Britain, was, in purfuance of fuch lajl recited at} of parliament, if fued, bearing date the aforefaid twentyfixth day of Auguft la ft, authoring and impowertng certain perjons therein named, or any jive or more of them, to put the faid left-mentioned aft in execution, and giving to them,' or any five or more of them, power to do, perform, and execute, all powers, direftions, authorities, matters, and things, iff the faid laft-recited aft contained, which by the faid aft fuch com-miffioners were authorifed and required to do, perform, and execute: and whereas, by virtue of the faid lafi-mentioned commiffion, and in purfuance of the faid hft-mentioned aft of parliament, five or more of the commijjioners named in fuch lafi-mentioned commijjion did, on toe aforefaid thirteenth day of November, meet at the town-hall of the city of Rochefter, purfuant to notice thereof in writing, duly given and fixed up, and aljo publijbed in the London Gazette, twenty days and more before fuch meeting, in fuch manner as was in and by the faid lafi-recited aft of parliament dire fted, and did then and there adjourn to the fourth day of December now lafi pafi 5 on which day, and afterwards from day to day, until the eighth day of the faid month of December, they proceeded, by and upon the infpeftion and examination of deeds, writings, and records, and otherwise, to enquire and afeertain who were the owners and proprietors of the mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, mentioned in the faid aft, and fituate in the parijhes of Saint Margaret and Chatham, in the faid county of Kent, and the particular efiate and interefi of each of fuch perfons therein refpeftively; and fuch commijfmers at the fame time Proceeded, by and upon the inquefi of twelve or more good and lawful men, qualified to Jerve upon juries at the affizes for the county of ;Kent, impanneUed, fummoned, and returned, by the aforefaidJheriff of that county, to take the inquefi, (and before which jurors witnejjes were examined), to inquire into and afeertain the true and real value of the meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the faid aft mentioned, and of every part thereof; and the true and real value of the particular efiate and interefi of each perfon intitled unto or inter-efted in the fame refpeftively: and whereas five or more of the faid lafi-mentioned commiffioners did afterwords meet purfuant to adjournment, and did make their determination and decree purfuant to tie faid lafi-recited aft \ and thereby they determined and decreed, that the true and real value of the faid mejfuages, jands, tenements, and hereditaments,fituate in the fold parijhes of Saint Margaret and Chatham, including the value of Jome feeds fown, and gardening flock on fome particulars of fuch lands, is twenty thoufand fix hundred and feventy one pounds, twelve Jhillings, andfixpence: and whereas att the fums fo offcjfed and adjudged and decreed by the faid commiffioners to be paid as aforefaid, amount together to the Jum of thirty-four thoufand two hundred andJeventy-three pounds, feven Jhillings, and fixpence, exclufive of the inter eft by each of the Jaid recited afts of parliament direfted to be paid *, but no provifion hath yet been made for payment of the faid money, or any part thereof: now, for malting compenfation to the feveral owners and proprietors of fucb feyefal mejfuages^ lands, tenementJ* and hereditaments, other than thofe in the

counties

Digitized by

Google

1781.] Aano viccfimo primo GeoRGII III. c.iou	19^

counties of Devon and Cornwall, and to the perfons who have or will fujlain damage, as mentioned in the /aid determinations or decrees ; and for the more effectual carrying the jaid feveral recited alts of parliament into execution with refpeti to all the mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein mentioned* other than and ex~ cept thofefituate in the faid counties of Cornwall and Devon, near Plymouth 5 may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be en-aded ; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That out of all or any the The faid fum aids or fuppiies granted or to be granted to his Majefty for the t0 ^e 0111 fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, piies^ranted there (hall and may be iflued and applied the aforefaid fum of for ifgi. thirty-four thoufand two hundred and feventy-three pounds, feven (hillings, and fixpence, with intereft as herein-after is mentioned, for the purpofe of making reafonable and juft compen-' fation and fatisfadion to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, eccleflaftical and civil, who, at the time of making the faid refpedive determinations or decrees, were the feveral and refpedive owners and proprietors of the mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the laid feveral recited alts mentioned, and not fituate in the faid counties of Devon and Cornwall, according to their feveral and refpedive eftates and interefts therein, in pofleflion, reverfion, remainder, or otherwife, as afeertained as aforefaid ; and to the perfons who have fuftained or will fuftain damage by taking fuch lands for the purpofes of fuch refpedive ads, as mentioned in the faid feveral and refpedive determinations or decrees.

II.	And to the intent that all and Angular the proprietors a- Sarveyor-ge. forefaid may be paid for fuch their refpedive eftates and inter- neral of the efts, and that the perfons fo fuftaining damage may be paid for ordnance to fuch damage all and every fuch fum and fums of money as they	be-

have been adjudged and determined, by the faid commiftioners, [°vc perfons * to be refpedively intirled unto, together with intereft for the for the fums fame, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from adjudged to the refpedive times following; that is to fay, with refped to the faid lands in the county of EJJex, from Midfummer-iay, in the {h/feme. year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eighr, (when the fame appear, by the judgement and decree of the faid commif-fioners, to have been firft made ufe of for the purpofes in the faid a A mentioned); and with refped to the other mefluages and lands, from fuch time as pofleflion thereof (hall be taken by the principal officers of his Majefty’s ordnance, or the engineers by their diredion, to fuch time as herein-after mentioned; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the furveyor-gencral of the'ordnance for the time being, and he is hereby required to make out and allow one or more bill or bills, to the refpedive perfons, bodies politick or corporate, eccleflaftical or civil, for fach fum and fums of money 1 at is or are to them refpedively adjudged by the faid feveral and

Voi*. XXXIII.	P	refpedive.	,

*

be expreflcd in the faid bills.

by the clerk of the ordnance, and paid by the treafurer.

196	Anno	viccGmo primo GeorGII III. c. io.4 [1781.

Particulars^) refpetSlive determinations or decrees of the faid commiffioners,

, t j together with intereft for the fame, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from fuch refpeftive times as aforefaid, to the fixteenth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one; which bill or bills fo made (hall exprefs the refpetft* ive lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or other intereft or damage for which fuch bill or bills (hall be made out, together with the name of the perfon or perfons, body politick on corporate, ecclefiaftical or civil; and the refpedlive fum and fums of money he, (he, or they, is or are to receive; and thereupon Debentures to one or more debenture or debentures (hall be prepared, for (uch be prepared fCVcral and refpedlive fums as aforefaid, by the clerk of the ordnance for the time being, and figned by three or more of the principal officers of the ordnance for the time being; which debenture or debentures is and are hereby required to be paid by the treafurer of the ordnance for the time being, who (hall take acquittances from the parties indorfed thereon : and, in order to obviate any doubt as to any perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate, ecclefiaftical or civil, who (hall be intitled unto or interefted in any fuch money, having notice that fuch money {hall be ready to be paid, the principal officers of his Majefty’s ordnance (hall caufe notice thereof to be publi(hed in the Len-don Gazette.

III.	And be it further er\a<Sed by the authority aforefaid, That the fums which (hall, in and by fuch debentures, be pay*

fng*toThe de- able to perfons to whom it is, by the faid recited decrees of the crees of the commiffioners, determined or decreed that the money thereby -determined to belong to them (hould be abfolutely paid to them, (hall be paid to fuch perfons accordingly.

IV.	And whereas, by the faid decree or determination of the com• mijfioners, with regard to the faid mejjuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the pariftjes of Saint Margaret and Chatham, it was and is decreed, That certain fums of money fbould be paid to the three following corporations ; (that is to fay), the mayor and citizens

fhCy au’ °f tie city of Rochefter, the dean and chapter of the cathedral cfcive the fame. c^urc^ °f Chrift and Bleffed Virgin Mary of Rochefter, and the

*	brethren of Saint Bartholomew’s Hofpital, in or near the faid city of Rochefter, as a compenfation for their refpeQive ejlates and interejis in fuch particulars of the faid mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the Jaidparijbes of Saint Margaret and

•	Chatham,, as are for fuch purpofe mentioned in fucb decree 5 be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the fums which (hall, by the debentures to be made out as aforefaid, be payable to the faid feveral corporations refpedively, (hall be paid to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be, by fuch feveral and refpe&ive corporations, by writing under their common feals, authorifed or impowered to receive the fame, whofe receipt (hall be a fuf-

Dire&ion* for ficient difeharge for the fame: and that it (hall and may be law-ti*c laidcorpo- fuj to an(j for each of the faid three feveral corporations, as Toon dto ofal of the 38 conVenient,y may be after they (hall have refpe&ively receiv-mcney d°- fuch refpedliYe fums of money, to lay out fuch parts thereof cieedto thenu	.as

The feveral fums to be paid accord-

corn miflion ers.

The fums decreed to certain corporations (hall be paid to fuch perfons as

Digitized by v^ooQle

178 i.J Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 10.	197

as (hall be paid for principal money, or any part of fuch principal money, either together or in parcels, in the purchafe of mef-iiiages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in fee-fim-plf, to be conveyed to, or to and for the ufe of, the faid refpec-tive corporations and their refpe&ive fucceflors, for fuch eftate and eftates, and to and for, and upon and fubje& to fuch ufes, trufts, limitations, and purpofes, as the lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, for or in refpedt whereof fuch money (hall be paid as aforefaid, were veiled in fuch refpedlive corporations immediately before the palling of the faid lad-recited a<5t of parliament ; and to accept conveyances of the meffuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, fo to be purchafed, and from time to time to hold and enjoy the fame according to fuch conveyances, without any licence or authority other than and befides this prefent adt; any ftatute of mortmain, or other law to the contrary notwithdanding : and in the mean time, and until fuch purchafe or purchafes (hall be made, to lay out fuch principal money at intered in fome of the government fecurities ; and the intered ariling from fuch fecurities (hall be paid to fuch perfon or perfons refpedHvely as would have been intitled to the rents and profits or fuch mefTuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, fo to be purchafed, in cafe the fame wfere purchafed and fettled as aforefaid.

V.	And whereas it was and is, in and by the faid feveral de- Allmoney decrees of the commiflioners, determined and decreed, that feveral fums of money therein for fuch purpofe mentioned, as being the f£!8t ftai7be the value of feveral particulars therein mentioned of the faid paid to the meiluages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, or of the deputy King’s eftates and interefts of particular perfons therein, (hould, on reraernbran-account of the particular eftates dr interefts of fuch perfons of exin fuch mefluages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, chequer § be paid to fome proper perfon or perfons, on certain trufts, and for certain purpofes therein mentioned ; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all the money to be, by fuch debentures as aforefaid, made payable for or in refpedt of all and every the fum and fums of money which are by the faid decrees, or either of them, decreed or determined to be paid to any truftee or truftees, (hall be paid, by the treafurer of the ' ordnance for the time being, into the hands of the deputy king's remembrancer of his Majefty's court of exchequer at IVeJimin-flar for the time being, for the ufes, intents, and purpofes here-in-after mentioned \ and fuch deputy remembrancer is hereby authorized, impowered, and required, to receive the fame, and to give a fufficientand effectual difeharge for the fame; and the who faid deputy remembrancer (hall, upon the receipt of each of the to^he barons feveral fums fo to be paid in for the ufe and benefit of each of Qf ^ CXChe-the faid owners and proprietors refpectively, fign a certificate to quer acknovr-the barons of the faid court of exchequer, under his hand, pur- Edging the porting and fignifying that every fuch fum was received by and t lCrC" paid to him, in purfuance of this a<5t, for the ufe and benefit of 9 fuch owner or proprietor refpedlively, and who in fuch certifi-

P 2	cate	.

Deputy remembrancer to pay fuch

i$V	Anrto	vicefimo	primo	GeorgiiTII. c. io. [1781.'

cate (hall be named and deferibed ; and which certificate (hall be filed in the faid court of exchequer, and a true copy thereof, iigned by the faid deputy of the King’s remembrancer, (hall and may be read and allowed as evidence for the purpofes hereinafter mentioned.

VI.	And be it further enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the faid deputy remembrancer for the time be-mo'ney receiv- ing, upon receipt of any fuch fum or fums of money hereby di-

uUTlreeled and appointed to be paid to him as aforefaid, (hall pay to the bank.	. r . rr, ,	, c nr ; *	r J

the fame into the bank of England.

exchequer Vo6 VII. And be it further enadted, That the barons of his make fuch Majefty’s court of exchequer at TVcJlminJlcr of the degree of the orders as they coif for the time being, or any two or more of them, (hall be, (hall think ancj are herefc>y authorifed and impovvered, in a fummary way, paymentC&cF uPon motion or by petition, for and on the behalf of any per-of the money fon or perfons inierefted in, or intitlcd to, the benefit of the fo received by money fo to be paid to, and received by, the faid deputy re-the deputy re- mcmbrancer, or the intereft or produce thereof; and upon read-membrancer. jng tjie ccrtificate directed to be figned by the faid deputy remembrancer concerning the fame, as aforefaid, and receiving fuch further fatisfadtion as they (hall think neccflary, to make and pronounce fuch orders and directions as they (hall think juft and reafonable, for paying the faid money, and every or any part or parts thereof; or for placing out fuch part thereof as (hall be principal in the publick funds, or upon government or tfeal fecurities, and for calling in, difpofing of, and placing out, the fame again, in or upon fuch new or other funds or fecurities as aforefaid, and for payment of the dividends, intereft, or produce thereof, to the feveral and refpedtive perfons intitled to receive the fame ; or for laying out the faid principal fums, or any part thereof, in the purchafe of other mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled to, for, •nd upon the fame ufes, trufts, intents, and purpofes, as the former eftates were fettled at the time of making the faid refpec-tivc decrees, or as near as the fame can be done; or for and concerning the receiving, ifluing, paying, applying, and difpofing of the faid money, for the benefit of the perfon and perfons intitled to, or interefted in, the fame refpedlively, by virtue of and according to the tenor and purport of the faid recited adts, and this prefent adl ; and for appointing a proper perfon or perfons to be truftee or truftees for all or any of fuch purpofes; and that fuch money (hall be from time to time paid, by the faid deputy remembrancer, according to the orders to be The reft or of ^rom t*me to time ma^e i an^ redtor of the pariftt of Mil-Milton,and ton next Gravefend, and the vicar of the parifh of Saint Marga-the vicar of ret next Chatham, and the perpetual curate of the parifti of Saint Marga- Chatham, and their fucceflors for the time being, and the objedte have the'year- 0^ or managers for, the charitable inftitution, in one of the ly income of faid decrees or determinations deferibed by the name of Chatham the money de- Chejl> for the time being, (hall from time to time, for ever, have, creed to them receive, and be intitled to, the yearly income of the money in refpe&ively.	*	ini

Digitized by (^.ooQle

1781.] Anno vicefimoprimo Georgii III. c. 10.

*99

and by the faid decrees or determinarions refpe&ively decreed or determined to be the value of the tithes, lands, and hereditaments, belonging to them refpectively, and the yearly income of the mefliiages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, which (hall be purchafed with fuch money refpeftively, in like manner as they could or might have received or bcenintitled unto the tithes, lands, and hereditaments, in fatisfa&ion for which fuch refpecftive fums of money are decreed or determined to be paid, without any licenfe or authority other than and befides this prefent a&; any ftatute of mortmain, or other law, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And whereas the faid commiffioners, in and by their afore- Preamble, re-faid decree with refpefl to the faid meffuages, lands, tenements, and commiffionert hereditaments, fetuate at or near Gravefer.d, certified, that it appear- werc doubtful ed to be doubtful to them, on the conjlruftion of an indenture dated the whether a cer-twenty-fixth day of July, one thoufand fevcn hundred and feventy-five,

therein mentioned and Jet forth, whether Elizabeth Gordon, there- jon edtoeu! in named, was intit led unto the piece of land and wharf and bridge, zabethGor-tbertin for that purpofe mentioned, for her life, unaffefled by fuch don during indenture; or whether William Offley, Thomas Pattinfon,	her life.

Thomas Lloyd, therein named, are not intitled thereto during her life, on the trufts declared by fuch indenture; and therefore the faid commifftoners decreed, that the fum of two hundred and forty-three pounds, fix Jhillings, and eight-pence, determined by them to be the value of the [aid Elizabeth Gordon’s ejlate for life in fucb particulars, Jbould be in fome manner preferved and taken care of, until it Jbould, in fome proper manner, be determined whether the fame ought to be paid unto the faid Elizabeth Gordon, for her own ufe, or vfbe~ ther the fame ought to be paid unto the faid William Offley, Thomas Pattinfon, and Thomas Lloyd, on the trufls declared by the faid indenture, dated the twenty-fixth day of July, one thoufand Jeven hundred and feventy-five, and that the fame ought on fuch determination to be paid agreeable thereto : be it therefore further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fuch fum of two hundred and for- The fum of-' ty-three pounds, fix (hillings, and eight-pence, and the intereft *4*1.6s. pd. thereof, if any (hall be payable thereon, (hall and may be alfo being the va-paid, by the treafurer of the ordnance for the time being, into Eitzabcth ^ the hands of the faid deputy remembrancer of the court of ex- Gordon*# e- • chequer, who (hall accordingly receive the fame, and whofe re- (late for life ceipt (hall be a fufficient and effectual difeharge for the fame, as in f«* ; aforefaid ; and the faid deputy remembrancer (hall certify his {^p^to the receipt of fuch money in manner aforefaid, and fuch his certifi- deputy re-cate (hall be read as evidence as aforefaid; and the faid deputy membrancer, remembrancer (hall pay the fame into the bank of England, in belike manner as aforefaid.

IX.	Provided neverthelefs. That nothing herein contained The interefU

(hall affedt the intereft either of the faid Elizabeth Gordon, or of 0f the faid the faid William'Offley, Thomas Pattinfon, and Thomas Lloyd, to Elizabeth the faid fum of two hundred and forty-three pounds, fix (hilling?,	an<*

and eight-pence, in the faid decree mentioned, or the intereft, c^imant#

if any, which (hall be due in refpeft thereof; but that the fame preferved!

P3	'	(hall

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGH III. c. io. [1781.

(hall, when paid to the faid deputy remembrancer as aforefaid, be laid out by him, by the directions of the barons of the exchequer, or any two of them, in like manner as the monies herein-before mentioned are directed to be laid out, until the right of the parties thereto (hall be determined ; and upon fuch determination the faid deputy remembrancer (hall, and he is hereby required 10 transfer, affign, and pay fuch monies according to fuch determination.

Upon the	X.	And be it further enafted and declared, That, upon the

death or re- death or removal of the prefent or any future deputy of the king’s {".oval of the remembrancer of the (aid court of exchequer, all mortgages, brancYr?^™" docks, and fecurities, verted in him by virtue of this a61, (hall mortgage*, vert in the fucceeding deputy of the king’s remembrancer for the &c. verted in time being, fubjeft to the trufts and for the purpofes herein-be-*“{" uthl ft ^orc menl*oncc*> without any aflignment or transfer; and all fn hi*afucccf- mon'es Pa|d »nt0 the har)k in purfuance of this aft, or remain-for, &c. ing in the hands of the prefent or any future deputy of the king’s remembrancer at the time of his death or removal, and not vetted in the funds, or placed out on fecurities, as aforefaid, (hall be paid over to the fucceeding deputy remembrancer for the time being.

remcmbrwi8	And it is hereby further enafted and declared, That if,

”” C(hliihere- on	^eat^ or removal of the prefent or any future deputy of

after execute the king’s remembrancer of the faid court of exchequer, the his office in king’s remembrancer (hall execute the faid office in perfon, then ^h^tnlft*1 and anc* *n ca^e ^evera* tru^s» powers, and authorities, in and powers here” ky this prefent aft verted in the faid deputy of the king’s remem-by verted in	brancer, and his fucceflors, (hall, during fuch time as no deputy

the deputy	of the king’s remembrancer (hall be appointed, vert in, and beex-

fhall vert m ecuted by, the faid king’s remembrancer of the faid court of ex-membrancer. ch^uer for the time being.	.

XII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Method of	That if any perfon or perfons, who by law are capable of receiv-

procedure	ing fuch debenture as aforefaid, (hall negleft or refufe to take

where the pro- the fame before or on the fixteenth day of Jpril^ one thoufand fe-.Sttl|Piieg°eft ven hundred and eighty-one, then and in fuch cafe it fhall and to take any may be lawful for the clerk of the ordnance for the time being, debenture till to depofit the fame with the clerk of the peace of the county xfter April i6, where the mefluages, lands, tenements, tithes,and hereditaments, 17	therein mentioned, in refpeft whereof fuch debenture or deben-

tures (hall be made out, (hall lie, and to take his acquittance or acquittances for the fame, which fuch clerk of the peace is hereby required to give without any fee or reward, and which (hall be taken and deemed to be valid; and fuch meflfuages, .lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, of fuch perfon or perfons refpeftively fo neglefting or refufingto take fuch debenture or debentures, (hall from thenceforth be verted to the ufc of his Majerty, his heirs and fucceflors, as if fuch debentures, or the money payable thereby had "been received by the parties inti-tled thereto, and the money thereon due had been fully fatished and paid; and fuch clerk of the peace fhall and may afterwards

deliver

Digitized by

Google

1781.] . Anno vicefimo primoGEoRGH III. C.io.	aot

deliver the fame to the party or parties who (hall appear to be intitled thereto, on being fully paid all fuch reaibnable charges and expences (if any) as he mall or may fuftain or be put unto relating thereto.

XIII. And whereas, by means of fome inaccuracy in the defcripti- All mefluagei on> in the /aid two recited afts of parliament, of the exaft quantity, Jj|\ds» &c. abuttals, and other defcriptions of the feveral meffuages and parcels of "cc‘£ val^ lends in the counties of Kent and Eflex therein mentioned to be in ten- to be taken ded tb be pwrehafed and taken for the ufe of his Majejh, fome doubt for his Majef-moy pofjibly arife, whether every particular of the mejfuages, lands, ty, fliall,im-tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, which are deferibed in the faid the officers tommifioners decrees, and valued by the faid refpeftive juries, are to of the ord-

be taken and paid for by his Majefty, appears by the faid recited afts nance have

to have been intended to have been comprifed in the faid afts of parlia- pa»d for the

mint refpeftively; and alfo whether there are not fome fmallparticu-	in his

lors in the faid counties of Kent and Eflex, comprifed, or appearing Majefty $

to have been intended to be comprifed, in the faid afts, or one of

them, which are not deferibed in the faid commijjioners decrees, nor

have been valued by the faid refpeftive juries as to be taken and paid

for by his Majejly; be it further enacted by the authority afore-

faid, in order to prevent any inconvenience which may arife by

means of any fuch doubt, That all and every the particulars of

the meffuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, which

have been, in and by the faid recited decrees, or any of them,

or the verdifts therein refpeftively mentioned, valued as to be

taken and paid for by his Majefty, and all appurtenances thereof,

for the purpofes in the faid afts, (hall, from and immediately

after fuch time as the value thereof (hall be paid by the officers

of the ordnance, as aforefaid, be, and the fame are hereby vefted

in his Majefty, to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccceffors

for ever, unalienable, as mentioned in the faid recited afts with

regard to the particulars comprized therein, with refpeft to the

meffuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in the

faid counties of Kent and Effex, notwithftanding anv inaccuracy

in the defeription thereof in the faid recited afts of' parliament,

or either of them; and that all and every the particulars of the an(j ajj thopc

meffuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the faid counties of Kent comprized in

and Effex, or either of them, comprized, in the faid recited afts of the recited

parliament, or either of them, which (if anyj are not valued in a(fts» which

or by the faid recited verdifts and decrees therein mentioned, or Sun™ U*

one of them, (hall, from and immediately after the paffing of fr0’m the

this aft, and for ever thereafter, be, remain, and continue, veft- paffing of this

ed in fuch perfons or perfon, bodies politick or corporate, eccle- a£h remain

fiaftical or civil, and to, for, upon, under, and fubjeft to, fuch fo^erpropri-

ufes, trufts, intents, purpofes, conditions, and reftriftions, as ctor8 thereof.

the fame would have been if the faid recited afts, or either of

them, had not been made ; any thing herein, or in the faid afts,

or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife

notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That if any aftion or fuit Limitation of ihall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing aftions.

P 4	done

802	Anno vicefimo primo Georgii 111. C. 11. [i?8i.

done m purfuance of the aforefaid recited adls, or any thing to be done in purfuance of this adt, every fuch adtion and fuit mall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the caufe of fuch adlion or fuit (hall have arifen, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants in all fuch adfions and fuits may General iflue. plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of the faid adfs, or one of \them, or in purfuance of this adf: and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch adfion or fuit (hall not be commenced within the time before limited, then, and in either of fuch cafes, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if a verdidfc (hall be found for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or fuffer adifcontinuance after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if, upon any demurrer, judgement (hall be given for the defendant or defendants; in each of the cafes aforefaid the defendant or defendants (hall havetre-Treble cofts. colls, and (hall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for recovering cofts in other cafes by law.

CAP. XI.

An qR for the better fupply of mariners and feamen to fervt in his Majejiys /hips of war, and on board, merchant /hips, and other trading/hips and vt/fels.

Preamble. Tj* OR the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in Jl his Majejlfs /hips of war, and on board merchant Jbips, and other trading {hips and vc/fels; be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from From the paf- an(j after the palling of this adl, until the twenty-fifth day of March March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and no *5,1781, mer- longer, (except in refpedl to fuch merchant (hips, and other chant (hips, trading fhips or veflels, which (hall be on their voyage before &c. may be the faid twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred thm-foiir^s anc* eiShty-tW0> wb° be, an(l are hercby allowed the liber-foreign fca- an^ benefit of returning home navigated in the manner as men.	herein-after is provided), it (hall and may be lawful for any

merchant (hip, or other trading (hip or vcflel, to be navigated by foreign feamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his Majefty’s natural or naturalized fubjedts, fo as the number of fuch foreign feamen or mariners do not exceed three-fourths of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate fuch merchant (hip, or other trading (hip or veflel, and that one-fourth at lead of the mariners or feamen fo employed, be at 211 times natives, or his Majefty’s naturalized fubjedls of Grett Britain, (fudden death, and hazard and casualties of war, and the fcas, faved and excepted), one adi of parliament, made in

Digitized by C^ooQle

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo GE6R011 III. c. 12—14.	203

the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty Kirtg Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for the encouraging and entreating offlipping and navigation, or any other ftatute or law, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained (hall ex- xhj, a& not tend to take away or retrain the effeft of any fuch royal pro- to reftrain aay damation, as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, are impow- royal procla-ered to make by virtue of an aft, pafled in the thirteenth year majon to be of his late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the better Jupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in bis Majejlfs flips of war\ and on Geo. 1, board merchant flips and other trading flips> and privateers.

CAP. XII.

An aft to continue the duty of one farthing per chalder on coals, granted by an aft of the twenty-third year of the reign of King George the Second, for the more effeftual repairing and maintaining the piers and harbour of Whitby, in the county of York, continued for thirty-one year*.

C A P. XIII.

An aft for rendering effeftual ah aft, made in the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefty, for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Stow, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for railing a certain fum by way of annuities, and a lottery; and for confolidatwg certain annuities, which were made one joint flock by an aft made m the ftcond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, wi£h certain annuities consolidated by feveral afts made in the twenty-fifth and twenty-fixth years of the reign of King George the Second, and in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

Preamble. i»,ooo,oool. to be raifed by annuities, and 4.80,000]. by a lottery. Contributors to the fum of 12,000,0001. to be intitled to certain annuities; viz. sool. at 3 per cent. 501, the like, and *51. at 4I. per cent, for each tool, which {hall be charged upon the finking fund. Contributors (hall be intitled to one quarter's annuity at 4 per cent, from Jan. 5, to Apr.5, 1781; and from that time fhall be paid half-yearly. Every contributor of 10001. fhall, upon payment of 40I. more, be intitled to four lottery tickets. A recital that books have been opened at the bank, and depofits made, purfuant to a refolution of the houfe of commons. All perfons who have made depofits, purfuant to the aforefaid refolution, are required to pay the remainder ot their fubferiptions at certain times fpecified. Subfcribers to the annuities to be allowed intereft for all monies paid in advance. Subfcribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their fubferiptions, fhall receive tickets to the amount thereof. Subfcribers to the 11,000,0001.intitled to annuities of 3I. percent.; for every tool, as aforefaid; and alfo to an annuity of 4I. percent.; both payable half-yearly. Annuities to be payable and transterrable at the bank of England, &c. Cafhier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received; which fhall be affignable. Calhier to give fecurity, to the good liking of the commiffioners of the treafury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commiflioners cf the treafury lmpower-ed to apply the money paid in by the cafhier, to fuch fervices as (hall have been voted by the houfe of commons. A book to be provided in the accountant-general's office, of the bank in which contributors names /hall be entered, &c. After contributors fhall have paid their fubferiptions, they will be intitled to receive the annuities granted by this aft; tax-

free.

Digitized by t^ooQle

204

Ticket.

" The oath.

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 14. [1781.

free. Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, forfeited to the

Jmblick. As foon as contributors have completed their payments, the ums fnbfcribed {hall, be placed to their credit, in the books of the bank. Annuities charged on the finking fund. Governor, See. of the bank to appoint a chief cafhier, and accountant-general. Monies to be ifiiied at the exchequer to the chief cafhier, for payment of annuities created by this aft. Accountant-general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be deemed perfonal eftate. Books to be kept by the accountant-general, at the bank wherein ihall be entered all transfers of fums advanced on this aft. Transfers to be figned by the parties or their attornies lawfully authorized by writing under hand and leal, attefted by two or more wit-nefles, and to be accepted by underwriting the transfer. Perfons poflefled of ftock may devife the fame by will. See. Commiflioners of the treafury impowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this aft. The 3 per cent, annuities granted by this aft, (hall be added to the 3 per cent, confols. transferrable at the bank. The 4 per cent, annuities granted by this aft, (hall be added to the fame fund as the 4 per cents, granted by the lottery aft of laft year. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 480,0001. to be raifed by a lottery; the prizes whereof to be paid out of any fupplies granted this feffion. Guardians, having the difpofal of infants money, may contribute to the loan, &c. -Managers and direftors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Lottery books to be provided with three columns of tickets as follows.

LOTTERY for the Year 178?.

The hearer of this ticket will be intitled to fucb beneficial chance as /ball belong thereto, in the lottery to be drawn in purf^ance of an aB pajfed in the twenty-firjlyear of bis Majejl/s reign.

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the calhiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to return the books, with the undifpofed tickets, with an account of monies paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and faftened with thread or filk; and cut oft indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 48,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. Two of 20,0001. each, two of 10,0001. three of 5,000 L eight of a,oool. fixteen of 1000I. thirty of cool, one hundred of 100I. each, three hundred and fixty of 501. and fifteen thoufand five hundred of 20I. each, together with 5001. to each fir ft drawn ticket of the firft fix days, i,oool. to ditto the (econd fix days; 2,0001. to ditto the 15th and 17th days; 3,0001. to ditto the 18th ana 20th days; and 10001. to the laft drawn. Tickets of the laft-mentioned books to be rolled up and tied and put in the box (B). Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 15, 1781. Tickets to be drawn by an indifferent perfon, See. 16,021 prizes, 31,979, blanks; and filed. To continue drawing from day to day (Sundays excepted). Number of the fortunate tickets, and the fums to be printed. Difputes to be adjufted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, Sic.	felony without benefit of clergy. Managers to prole-

cute offenders. Offenders, (not in prifon,) dilcovering perfons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50I. reward. Provifo, not to caufe corruption of blood, lofs of dower, or difherifon of heirs. Managers to be fworn-

1A B. as a manager and difedlor of the lottery to be drawn in purfuance of an aft of parliament, made in the twenty-firji year of bis Majefiy's reign, do Jwear, That 1 willfaithfully execute the truft repofed in me \ and that I will not ufe any indireB art or means, or permit or direB any perfon to ufe any ihdirtd art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, fir nsyfelf , or any other perfon wbatfoever; and that 1 will do the utmojl of my endeavour to prevent any undue or Jenifer praBice to be done by arty perfon wbatfoever; and that 1 <willy to the bejt of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticketB right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the/aid aB*

To

Digitized by v^ooQie

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. i4.	So5

To be adminiftered by any two. managers. Ca(hier may receive the Aims fubfcribed, before receiving the lottery book, giving a note for the fame ; which (hall intitle the bearer to a ticket for every iol. fo paid. Con* tributors not making good their payments within the times limited, for* feit their depofits with refpeft to the lottery ; and the tickets for fuch fume to be delivered into the exchequer. Commifiionert of the treafury may reward the managers, &c. as they (ball think fit. Sale of chances, Sec. not to be for lefs than the whole time of drawing. No perfon to receive money for any chance or event relating to the drawing of any ticket, either as to the time, or whether fortunate or not, nor to publifii proposals for that purpofe. Penalty 5001. Office-keepers, &c. felling (hares in tickets of which they are not poffeffed, forfeit 5001. and to fulter 3 mouths im-prifonment. After April 5, 1781, no perfon to keep a lottery-office without a licence. Each licence for every office tocoft 501. and (hall be granted under the hands and feals of two managers. Licence to fet forth the name of the perfon taking out the fame and the place. See. and to continue in force for one year. PerfonsJceeping any office contrary to this aft, to forfeit 1001. Produce of the duty on licences to be applied to- . wards defraying the expences of the lottery. No perfons to fell any (hare of a ticket lefs than a fixteentb, on penalty of 501. Penalty on perfons pro-mi Ang to pay any money upon any chance relating to the drawing of the lottery, contrary to this aft, 501. No bufinefs to be tranfafted at any lottery-office between eight in the evening and eight the next morning; except on the evening of the day preceding the drawing. Two juftices may fummon offenders againft this aft, and, on proof of the offence, con-vift them in penalties, Sec. If penalties fere not immediately paid, they may be levied by diltrefs. On failure of diftrefs, offender to be committed.

Any perfon forging a licence, (hall forfeit 5001. &c. Commidioners of the treafury to eftablifh an office in London, and to appoint a perfon to conduct the bufinefs thereof; with whom all tickets, before they are divided into (hares or chances, (hall be depofited. All (hares to be damped by the officer, who (hall give a receipt for every ticket depofited with him.

All tickets depofited in the office, to remain there three days after drawing. The numbers of all tickets depofited in the office to be entered in a book, with the names of the owners, and the number of (hares into which they age divided. 2d. for each (hare to be paid to the officer on depofi-ting tickets in the office; who (hall therewith pay all expences incident to the office. Penalty on felling any (hare or chance of a ticket without a damp, 501. for each (hare fold. To be applied one third to the informer. and the remaining two thirds to the poor of the parifh where the offence is committed. Penalty on forging or altering receipts, or uttering the fame with a fraudulent intention, the fame as for forging a licence.

No perfon (hall keep any office for the fale of tickets, Sec. in Oxford or Cambridge, on penalty of 201. Offenders may be profecuted in the vice-chancellor's court. Forfeitures may be levied by didrefs, &c. proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari, until fufficient furety is given to pro-fecute the fame with effeft. Sec. This aft not to prejudice the privileges and jurifdiftions of the mayor, Sec. of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland againd Britifii afts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punifh-able, in the fame manner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom.

Penalties may be fued for in Dublin. The 480,0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted this feffion; and (hall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduftion, on March 1,

178*, Scc. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets tor certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and figned, by the managers or a majority. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution-monies, or for any receipts, &c. on penalty of 20!.

. LXIV. And whereas by an made in the fecond year of his prefent Majejlys reign> intituled, An a61 for railing by annuities, R€c*ltai 0f an in manner therein mentioned, the fum of twelve millions, aft % Geo. j. to be charged on the finking fund ; and for applying the fur- c. plus of certain duties on fpirituous liquors, and alfo the monies

arifing

Digitized by Google

2q6

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 14.	[1781.

arifing from the duties on fpirituous liquors granted by an ad of thrs feflion of parliament; the jaid fum of twelve millions was dire fled to be added to, and made one, joint flock of transferable annuities at the bank of England, with the fum of eight millions two hundred and forty thoufandpounds, in four pounds per centum annuities, granted by an afl made in the thirty-third year of the reign 33. Geo. *. of his late Majefly King George the Second; and by another afl c* **•	made in thefaid Jecondyear of his prefent\Majefly's reign, were charged

upon the finking fund, and together made one capital or joint flock of twenty millions two hundred and forty thoufand pounds, in annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum, and charged on the Jaid fund; which faidJum of twenty millions two hundred andforty thoufand pounds, hath been fince reduced to the fum of eighteen millions nine hundred eighty fix thoufand three hundred pounds, by the fum of one million two hundred fifty-three thoufand feven hundred pounds having bun fubfcribed for annuities at three pounds per centum, (with certain advantages allowed the fubfcribers ), in purfuance of an aft made in the tenth year of his preftnt Majefly s reign ; and the faid remaining unfubfcribed fum of eighteen millions nine hundred eighty-fix thoufand three hundred pounds, in purfuance of the feveral afls of parliament granting the fame, jland reduced to three pounds per centum per annum, from the fifth day of January, one thoufand ftvln hundred and eighty■ one: and as it may be for the benefit and advantage of the proprietors of the faid annuities fo reduced, to have the J'aid annuities added to Jundry other annuities^ called Reduced Annuities, carrying an inlerefi after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, payable at the bank of England, amounting to eighteen millions three hundred fifty-three thoufand feven hundred and feventy- three pounds, fixteen Jhillings, and four-pence, remaining unredeemed of nineteen millions one hundred eighty-three thoufand three hundred and twenty-three pounds, fixteen /hillings, and four-pence, which were confolidatcd and charged upon the finking fund, in purfuance of feveral afls of parliament of the twenty-fifth and twenty-fixth years of the reign of his late Majefly King George the Second, and the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly; be it The 4 per therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid fum cent, annui- °f eighteen millions nine hundred eighty-fix thoufand three ties which hundred pounds, remaining unfubfcribed of the aforefaid annu-ftand reduced ities, granted after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, froraP|anCCnt* anc*	^rom fifth day °f January, one thoufand feven

178™* (hail*' hundred and eighty-one, (land reduced to three pounds per cen-with the con- turn per annum, fhall, with the confent of the proprietors, from lent of the the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one> ke added to, and made one capital or joint flock of annui-be con folid at - ties, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, with cd with the the aforefaid capital of eighteen millions three hundred fifty-three old 3 percents, thoufand feven hundred and fevcnty-three pounds, fixteen fhil-reduced, lings, and four-pence, and continue to be charged upon, and payable out of, the faid finking fund, and transferable at the bank of England, at the fame time and in the fame manner as the faid annuities, amounting to eighteen millions three hundred

Digitized by

Google

107

1781.] Anno viceGmo primo Georgii III. c. v$.

dred fifty-three thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three pounds, fixtcen (hillings, and four-pence, have been ufually paid, payable and transferable there, until redemption by parliament, in fuch manner, and upon fuch notice, as in the faid feveral atfts of parliament afore-mentioned with refpedt to the faid annuities it dire&ed, and with refpedt to the redemption of the fame; and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfo-cver, in proportion to the money to which he, (he, or they (hall become intitled by virtue of the faid feveral a&s of parliament, (hall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid joint flock of annuities, confolidated by this a&, amounting in the whole to the fum of thirty-feven millions three hundred forty thoufand and feventy-three pounds, fixteen (hillings, and four-pence.

Proprietors not declaring their diflent before March 10, 1781, (hall be deemed to affent to fuch confolidation. Perfons fued for a&ingin execution of this aft, may plead the general iflue, and recover treble gpfts.

C A P. XV.

An a8 for the encouragement of feamen, and for the more fpeedy and effectual manning his Majejlfs navy.

WHEREAS his Majejly, by order in council, dated the twentieth day of December, one thoufand Jeven hundred and eighty, was pleafed to order that general reprizals be granted a-gainft the Jhips, goods, and fubjefls of the Jlates general of the United Provinces ; anchthat as well all his Majejlfs fleets andJhips, asalfo all other Jbips and vejfels that jhill be commijjtonated by letters of marque or general reprizals, or other wife, by his Majejlfs commif-Jionersfor executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, Shall and may lawfully feize all Jhips, veffiels, and goods, belonging to the Jlates general of the United Provinces, or their fubje5ls, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the fates general of the United Provinces, and bring the fame to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majejlfs dominions; now, for the encouragement of the officers and feamen of his Majejlfs Jhips of war, and the officers and feamen of all other Britifh Jhips and vejfels having commiffions and letters of marque, and for inducing all Britifh feamen who may be in any foreign fervice to return into this kingdom, and become ferviceable to his Majefy ; and for the more effectual fecuring and extending the frade of his Majejlfs fubjefls; be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, feamen, mariners, and foldiers, on board every (hip and veflel of war in his Majefty's pay, fhall have the foie intereft and property of and in all and every (hip, veflel, goods, and merchandizes, which they have taken fince the twentieth day of December, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty, or fhall hereafter take during the continuance of hoftilities againft the dates general of the United Provinces, after the fame fhall have been finally adjudged

Preamble. Reciting order in council 20 December, 1780, for re-prizals on the United Provinces,

Prizes made by the King's (hips, during * the hoftilities againft the dates general of the United Provinces, to be divided between the captors, *

Digitized by Google

ter ordered, by proclamation.

Prizes made by privateers to be divided between the owners and captors, according to private con-trad.

208	Anno vicefimo primo Georg II III. c. 15. [1781.

judged lawful prize to his Majefty, in any of his Majefty’s courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majefty’s plantations in in the propor- America^ or elfewhere; to be divided in fuch proportions, and tions by his after fuch manner, as his Majefty hath, by his proclamation of Majefty alrea- the twenty-feventh day of December, one thoufand feven hun-to be here afT ^fc<^ anc* c*ghty» already ordered and direded, or as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, (hall think fit to order and dired by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be iffued for thole purppfes.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That any (hip or (hips, veffel or veffels, arms, ammunition, ftores of war, goods, and merchandizes whatfoever, with all their furniture, tackle, or apparel, taken or to be taken, during the continuance of hoftilities againft the dates general of the United Provinces, by or with any private owner or owners, (hip or veffel, according to any commiflion or letter of marque granted, or to be granted, as hercin-after is fet forth, by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any perfon or perions by him or them impowered and appointed, (being firft adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majefty’s courts of admiralty as aforefaid), (hall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the owner and owners of fuch (hip or veffel, and the feveral perfons who (hall be on board the fame, and be aiding and affifting to the taking thereof, in fuch (hare and proportions as (hall be agreed on with the owner or owners of fuch fhip or veffel as (hall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of fuch owner or owners, and the perfons that (hall be thus intitled thereto by virtue of fuch agreements among themfelves; and that neither his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or any admiral, vice-admiral, governor, or other perfon commiflioned by or claiming under his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, other than the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veffel being the capt5r of fuch prize, (hip, or veffel, arms, ammunition, ftores of war, goods and merchandizes, and the perfon claiming under him or them, (hall be. intitled to any part or (hare thereof; any cuftom, ftatute, or other law, to the contrary not-withftanding.

III.	And whereas by two afts* made in the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, the one intituled, An a St

Geo. 3, c. z3, for tjic encouragement of Teamen and the more fpeedy and ef-tingPhoftUitic9 fediual manning his Majefty’s navy ; and the other intituled, An againft France ad to amend an ad, made in the laft feflion of parliament, in-and Spain, ex- tituled. An aft for the encouragement of feamen, and the more fpeedy tended to let- ang ejgre^uai manning his Majtfly'i navy 5 and for making further &c* forgene-* provifions for thofe purposes ; feveral proviftons and regulations ral reprisals were ejlablijhed for the better carrying on the Jalutary purpofes by the againft jhe faid afts intended in the profecution of bojlilities againft France and Spain \ be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That

the

Proviftons in 29 Geo. 3. c. 67, and to

United Pro« Vinces.

Digitized by C^ooQle

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo Georg II III. c. 16.	209

the feveral regulations and provifions refpefting the grant of commiffions or letters of marque, the perfons afting, and the captures made, under the authority of fuch commiffions or letters of marque, and all other daufes, provifoes, matters, and things, contained in the faid ads, (hall extend, and be condrued and deemed to extend, to the grant of commiffions or letters of marque to the perfons afting, and the captures made, under the authority of fuch commiffions or letters of maraue for general reprizals agamd the (hips, goods, and fubjefts, of the dates general of the United Provinces, and all other matters or things wbatfoever, in refpeft of the fame, during the continuance of hoftiiities againft the dates general of the United Provinces, as fully, amply, and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame regulations, provifions, daufes, provifoes, matters, and things, had been particularly repeated and re-enafted in this ad.

IV.	Provided always, and be it declared and enafted by the authority aforeiaid, That nothing in this aft contained (hall ex- Prize goods tend or be condrued to extend, to exempt any (hips, goods, l*iaW«topay-wares, or merchandize, already taken, or which (nail be taken as	^	*

prize, and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any of his Majefty's dominions, from the payment of any cudoms, or duties, or from being fubjeft to the redriftions or regulations to which the fame now are or (hall hereafter be liable by virtue of the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

CAP. XVI.

An aft for repealing the difcounts and abatements upon certain foreign goods; and for granting additional duties upon tobacco and fu~ gar imported into Great Britain.

WHEREAS, by virtue of the feventeenth rule in the Preamble# book of rates 9 which is referred to, and made part of an aft of parliament, pajfed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A fubfidy granted to the King of Recital of the tonnage and poundage, and other fums of Money payable upon yth rujern merchandize exported and imported j and by feveral fubfequent Ja*cg# afts of parliament which are now in force, certain difcounts or abatements are made and allowed to merchants out of the duties of cujloms payable upon foreign gpyds imported into this kingdom, andfor prompt payment of feveral of the faid duties upon certain goods Jo imported: and whereas the making Jucb difcounts is liable to great error in the computation of the faid duties, which may tend to the prejudice of the publick revenue, and occafton great trouble and perplexity to the merchants trading to this kingdom: to the end therefore that the duties may be colie died in a more plain and fimple manner, and the merchants may more readily know what duties they are obliged to pay, and the officers of the revenue what they ought to charge, it is expedient that the faid difcounts and abatements Jbould in future be difeon-tinnedi may it therefore pleafe your Majedy that it may be enafted * 4ld be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majedy,

by '

Digitized by Google

£10

After April 1781, all dif-counto allowed on foreign goods imported (hall ceafe, and the full duties be paid in ready money 1

except for Eaft India goods, the duties on which (hall be regularly paid as herein prescribed.

Certain other allowances to which this a6t Shall not extend.

The additional duty of 5 per cent, granted by an

A#inp vicefuno primo Georgii HL c. i [1781;

by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and common?* in this prefent parliament artembkd, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day of April* thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, all difcouftt? or abatements, which, by virtue of the hereinbefore recited rule, or by virtue and in purfuance of any aft or ads of parliament now in force, are made and allowed in the computation of any fubfidy, import, or other duty of cuftoms, payable for any foreign goods imported into this kingdom, or for the prompt payment of any fuch duties, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer made or allowed; and the full duties due and payable for fuch goods (hall be paid down in ready money, without any difcount or deduftion whatfoever, except in the cafe? herein-after particularly mentioned and provided; any law, cuftom, or itfage, to the contrary notwithrtanding.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That thi? aft (hall not extend, or be con-ftrued to extend, to difcontinue or repeal the allowances made to the united company of merchants trading to the Eaft Indus* for charges of fale, and prompt payment, by virtue of an aft, parted in the fecond and third years of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled. An aft for granting to her Majefty an additional fubfidy of tonnage and poundage for three years; and for laying afurther duty upon French wines condemned as prize; and for afurtam-ing the values of unrated goods imported from the Eaft Indies; provided the duties on unrated Eaft India goods, fold at the company’s fales, (hall be paid within three months from the termination of fuch fale refpeftivety; that is to fay, in cafe the duties on the March fale, in each and every year, (hall be paid on or before the firft day of December then next following; and the duties on the September fale, in each year, on or before the firft day of June next following fuch fales; but on failure of payment of the faid duties within the times herein limited, the faid difcounts and allowances (hall not be made for or on account of any goods fold at fuch refpeftive fales.

III.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That this aft (hall not extend, or be con-ftrued to extend, to the ufual allowances of twelve pounds per centum for leakage, on wines imported into this kingdom, by virtue of the eighth rule in the before recited book of rates; nor to any allowance for damage on goods received in the courfe of the voyage, under the feveral regulations and reftriftions fuch allowances are made by any aft or aft? of parliament now in force; nor to the ufual difcount or allowance upon bonds for the duties on tobacco, which (hall be warehoufed in purfuance of an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled. An aft for the encouraging the tobacco trade.

IV.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the additional import or duty of five pounds per centum, granted by an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to bis Ma-

Digitized by v^ooQle

17^irJ Anpo vlqqfimQprimpG^o^ail IIL 9.

jefiy additional duties upon fbe product of the fjtveral duties tinder the a#5n *9 Geo* management of the refpefliye commiffioners cf the cuflotys'pnd (xciji &*o<hpitedr inQtcat Britain, or by any Fublequertt adfc of parliament nony Up0htbegr«flb jn force, (hall be competed, collected, and paid, upon the grofc duties, duties which (hall accrue and become due and payable, after the dUcotunts or abatements herein-before mentioned (hall ceafe and be determined.

V.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- A repeal df faid, Th*tF from and after the faid .fifth day of April, one thou- fuch part of /and fev.cn hundred and eighty-one, fo much of an a<ft, made rciatefto^r in the ninth year of his late majefty king George the Firft, inti- importer*of tided. An aft for enabling his Majefty to put the cuftoms of Great tobacco giv-Britain tinder the management of one or more commijftons\ and for ing bond for better fecuring and after taming the duties on tobacco ; and to prevent

frauds in exporting tobacco, and other goods and merchandizes^ or *	,

carrying the Jame coafwife; and fo much of any other a<ft or a eft s of parliament now in force, as relates tp the importer giving bond, with one or more fccurities, for the duties on tobacco,	1

(hall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed; and in Cafe the full duties pp tobacco (ball fye paid down in rpady itioneir at thp time pi entry, the import of five pounds'#/* centum-granted by the herein-before mentioned act made in thexiine.-teenth year of bis?preftnt M<yefty’s reign, (hall not be coliedted or paid on fuch duties fo paid down; but if fuch tobacco (haft be wacehouled, andrthe impor,tqr*s(9wn fyqnd given for jhe du- t ,	.

ties thereon, purfuant .to the before-mentipnea aft ’made in thte •? ? . j twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne} pr of aqy other a& df 1	.	.	/

parliatpent, then, and fu,cb cafe, ten pounds per cehtumfiipll ’	’	’

be charged and colle&ed upon,^ grofs ^amount pf the^dutiSs 5 J ‘ for fqch tobacco, inftead of the five pounds ter centum for 0\e faid import, granted by the beft^c-^Qtibned adt mafle in the1 nineteenth year of the reign of Jiis prefent Majefty.	,	.

VI.	And it is hereby further enadfed by the authority afor^- frofe AprlfV faid. That, towards raifing the npceflary fupplies granted for 1781, th^lbfc defraying his Majefty*$ publick, expences, from and after the lowing new fifth day of April, one thoi^haTeven Hundred and ,eighty«><5ne,

over and above all other fubfidics, duties, prid ippdfitipns Majefty, on whatfoever, due and payable to his Majefty by any,adt or acts importation; of parliament now in force, there (hall beraifed, levied, colledt- viz.

-cd, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuqceflors, the fe-vera! additional rates and duties and impolitipns following, without any difeount or deduction whatfoever; thpt is tp fay, On tobacco.

For every pound weight of tobacco, imported into Great Bri- one penny tain, one penny and three farthings:	**\rec

For every hundred weight of fugar, containing,one hundred	"**	'*

.and twelve pounds weight, imported into Great Britain^ four gdTper (hillings and eight-pence; and after thofe rates for #iy greater hundred *40r lefs fliianiity of .fuch. goods re(peftiyely.	weight.

VJI. And it is hereby farther enabled by jtfie ^utboriiy/afo#- -yhe JpMfl* That the (aid.a.cl-ditional duties^berein-bef<^e,gran(edv(hair^ teie -fec^alfo fuhjpa^n^I jUWp to ap^dditiqnal fau>9ft pj dpty of five fubje«»toMw y8L. XXXItt.	Q.	'	-	pounds

The faid duties to be collected and paid* See. as the former

Anno vicclmoprimo-GBORGrt HI. c. 16.	[1781;

percent.	pounds per centum, in the fame manner, and under the fame re*

gulations, (except where any alteration is made by this ad), at cf’ijf0* tnc additional duty of five pounds per centum is granted to hit Majefty by the before- mentioned ad, made in the nineteenth year of his reign.

The new du- VI1L' Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the p^Vfor goods authority aforefaid, That the duties herein-before granted (hall w^rehou^d not be charged and paid for or on account of any prize goods, for exporta- or other goods, which (hall be fecured in warehoufes in this tion, &c. kingdom under the joint locks of his Maiefty and the proprietors of (uch goods, in purfuanceof any ad or parliament, unlefs and until .fuch goods (hall be taken out of the warehoufes wherein they are fo fecured, to be confumed or ufed in this kingdom.

IX.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-laid, That the faid feveral duties and impofitions herein-before granted, (hall be raifed, levied, colledcd, paid, and recovered, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways, means, and modules on fucb thods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, (except where lrtide,f any alteration is made by this ad), as the former ditties now

payable to his Majefty upon fuch articles refpedively are raifed, levied, colleded, paid, and recovered, as fully and cffedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral daufes, powers, di-redions, penalties, and forfeitures refpedively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enaded m the body of this prefent ads and the fame (hall be under the diredion and ma-laantranent na?c®cnt of the refpedive commilfioners of the cuftoms and ofthecommif- thtir officers fpr the time being, and (hall be paid into the bands fionert of the of the receiver-general of the cuftoms in England, and (hall be cuftoms. by him paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer in the Directions for* following manner; that is to fay. The faid additional duties imping the upon tobacco and fugar (hall be paid in, diftind and apart from all other monies which fuch receiver-general (hall receive for the life of his Maiefty, his heirs and fucceftors, for the ufos and purpofes.m this ad mentioned ; and the money arifing by or on account of the feveral difeouna and abatements by this ad repealed, (hall be paid in as part of the feveral duties from which they were deduded before the pafling of this ad; and the additional imports of five pounds per centum and ten pounds per centum refpedively upon the duties granted by this ad, together with the (aid additional import of five pounds per centum upon atiy other duties of cuftoms, granted by any ad of parliament made fincethe pafling of the before-mentioned ad ot the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, (hall be paid in together as part of the faid import granted by that ad, under tKe title and defeription of The impojl one tboujand [even hundred and fetoenty-nine; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary not-withftanding.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That, for all fugar imported into Gre&

Niinmilim°n Britain, after the faid fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hun-arZg*sim- dred and eighty-one, which (hgll have paid the duty herein-

before

and to be under the

duties into Ct* cache-qutr.

Digitized by LjOOQie

i;Jr.] Anno vi'cclimo primo Georgii III. c/17.	213

before granted, and (hall be afterwards refined in this kingdom, ported after and exported into foreign parts, after the fifth day of July, one after-7*** thoufand (even hundred and eighty-one, in the loaf, and whole, ward» refined being net, the exporter (hall be allowed a bounty or drawback in this king* of eleven (hillings and fix-pence for every hundred weight, con- doro. taining one hundred and twelve pounds weight, of fuch fugar; Loaf fugar and for every one hundred weight, containing one hundred and who*es twelve pounds weight of all refined fugars, called Bajlards^ and ground or powdered fugar, and refined loaf fugar, broke in pie- ^ c8# ces, and all fugar called Candy, which (hall be fo exported, after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, there (nail be allowed a drawback, or bounty, of five (hillings and four-pence, and fo in proportion for any greater or left quantity of fuch fugars refpedVively, over and above all other bounties or drawbacks allowed by law for the fame; and from and after the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, the whole of the additional duty paid for a fugar, if not refined in Great Britain, and the whole of the additional duty paid for tobacco, together with the feveral and refpedtive impofts of five pounds per centum, and ten pounds per centum refpeflively, paid in purfuance of this *&, (hall, in like manner, be drawn back and repaid, upon the exportation of the goods; which faid bounties and drawbacks (hall be refpedtively paid and allowed in fuch manner, and under fuch rules, regulations, reftriehons, oaths, powers, penalties, and forfeitures, in all ft-fpe&s, as the former bounties or drawbacks payable out of th* duties of cuftoms upon the exportation of the like goods was or might be legacy paid before the pafling of this a<Sh

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Monies arifing all the monies to arife by the duties granted by thisadt, the ne- ty this aft to ctflary charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted, ^Ce^chtau«r (hall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s *c#	*	9

exchequer at Wejlminjier, diftindtly and apart from all other branches of the pubKck revenue, and (ball be carried to, and made part of, the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund.

CAP. XVII.

An att for granting to his Majefy 'an additional duty upon tie pro* duct of the feveral duties under the management of the refpi&tvi cotpmijffiomrs of the excife in Great Britain.

M*Jl Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty's mod dutiful and loyal fubjpfts, the;

commons of Great Britain, in parliin^ent afiembled, to-wards railing, by the mod eafy mean*, the neceflary fupplics to to defray ypur Majefty’s publick expences, have freely and voluntarily rofolved to give and grant unto your Majedy the additional duty herein-after mentioned.; and do mod humbly be-feccb your Majedy that it may be ena&ed; and.be. it enabled by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by?nd.with tbi advice and coafctu 0f tl^e lords Spiritual and temporal, an^ cqtnmonj,

Q^a	m

2;i 4	Anno	ricefimo	primo	Georgii	III.	c.	17*	[ 1781.

in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority o£ From April 5, the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of April* one thou-fl*ilb«hChC ^an<* ^€VCn hundred and eighty-one, there (hall be charged, levi-cd«n additi-" e^t collected, and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majcfty, his onal duty of 5 heirs and fucceffors, an additional duty or charge of five pounds percent, on per centum upon the produce and amount of all the feveral in-lnC a,?ifU”tu0^ ^an<* duties, rates, impolitions, and charges, (except as hereip-tics^ow'pay- after is excepted), now payable to his Majefty,and which are char-ged an<j cohered under the management of the refpeCtive com-miflioners of excife in England and Scotland; which faid additional duty of five pounds per centum, hereby impofed, (ball and may from time to time be charged, raifed, received, levied, recovered, and fecured, by fuch ways and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and fubjeCt to fuch allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, as the feveral and retfpe&ive inland duties, rates, impofitions, and charges, on the produce and amount of which the faid additional duty and charge is hereby impofed, are or can, by any ftatute now

able to his Majeity, (except as alter excepted:)

To be levied and recovered as the former duties.

in

This a£t not to extend to beer, malt, fbpe, candles

force, be refpcCtively charged, raifed, received, levied, collected, recovered, fecured, mitigated, or drawn back, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the fe-reral powers, authorities, directions, rules, regulations, methods, penalties,.forfeitures, powers of mitigation, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again tnaCted in (be body of this prefent a&.

: IL Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this aCt contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge with the faid additional du-w cauu.c, *7 °* oharge of* five pounds per centum* the produce or amount hides* or (kins’, of the duties on beer, malt, fope, candles, hides, or (kins, brewed or brewed, made, tanned, tawed, or <1 re (fed, within Great Britain; in^rea?Bri- or t0 c^ar6e	kid	duty the produce or amount of the

tain* * feveral duties of five pounds per centum^ and fifteen pounds per eentum% refpcCtively impofed upon the. produce of the feveral nor to charge inland duties under the management of the com midi oners of the amount of excife in England and Scotland, by an aCt made in the nineteenth Vpercent	Majefty’s	reign,	(intituled.	An 48 for gran-

i5per cent, on ***8 ** ^is Mojefly additional duties upon the produce of the feveral the prod uce of duties under the management of the refpeflivecommijjioners of the excife duties, cufiomsand excife in Great Britain); and by two feveral other aCts npadejn.the twentieth year of his faid prefent Majefty’s reign, and ioGeo^^tho one intituled. An aft for granting to his Mayfly additional du-c. 35, and s%!‘tits<kpon tnalt, and upon low wines and fpirits made for home consumption, and upon foreign fpirits imported into Great Britain, and ~i$on the produce of the faid feveral duties; and for granting a duty ’tot licences to be token out by all per fins trading in* vending* or foiling ~of* coffee* tea, or chocolate * the other intituled. An of? for framing to his Majefty additional duties uponfldrcb and bofK powder HrtporteM, and uponflarch mde in Great Britain, and Upon fweets) \ any thing fhcfdxv-wOtrwntaiacd to the -contrary-not withftandiiig.

•r	-	III, And

Digitized by L,ooQ[e

/

**5

All monk# ' arifirtg by this ad to be paid fepara tel y info the exchequer, and carried fo the (inking fund.

if 8 j.J	Anno vkefimo primo GeoRGII III. c. 18.

1 III. And be it further-enacted by the authority afore faid,

That all the monies to arife by the additional duty granted by this aft, the neceflary charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted, (hall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at If^eftminfleVy diftincftly arid apart from all other brahches of the publick. revenue, and (hall be carried to, and naade part of the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund.	■	*

c a p. xvm.	:

An aflfor keeping the militia forces of this kingdom complete, during the time therein mentioned.

WHEREAS it h highly expedient for the publick	Preamble. !

that the feverqI regiments and corps of militia Jbould be made and kept as complete os foffibk during the cmrje of the enfuing camk pmgn: And whereas the time of ballasting for many regiments add corps, or parts of regiments and corps, will happen between the months ^ Match and December nixt enfuing, whereby fucb regiments and	^

corps wilU during that period*, be very much weakened and rendered	!*

unfit for fervice : And whereas the provifiom in two afls of parlies meat, one made in the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefy, intitie-led. An adt to "amend and render more effe&uaJ the laws relating ^	*•'	c'

to the ratting and training the militia within that part ofGreat Britain called England ptftd to eftablifh certain regulations ;with . * refpcdfcto officers feevingin the corps of fencible men dire&ed <	/

torbe railed irt that parr of - Great Britain called ScotlandV and	J

certain other corps therein mentioned; and the other made in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, imitated, An ad to explain, *9 Gcg* 3*c* amend, and render more eflEedlual, the feverat laws now in being relative to the militia foroes of this Jcingtkorn ; and for snaking certain provifions relative to the fencibTe men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; which wjre intended to prevent in fome degree this inconventtiki* have been found inefficient: for re- Colonels, &c. maty thereof, be it<?«>acjted,by the^ing’s^oft excellent majefty, °f wihtii, m by and with the advice .and coafeat of the lords fpjrUual and ^entsthe1" temppr^j aod conynpns, in t)iis present parliament aflembled, time of fervice and by the'authority of the fame, That, from and immediate- of any private ly after the pafling of this adf, the colonels and commandants of men will ex-the feveral regiments and corps of militia, in which regiments April V^anJ or corps the time of fervice of any private militia men will ex- Dec. i, are to pirc between the fir ft day of April and the firft day of Dumber enquire of t-next enfuing, (hall, and they are hereby refpeefively required very fuch map forthwith to apply, in the manner directed by the faid aeft of the {©continue^ eighteenth year of his prefent Majefty", to, every fuch private bis fervice for man, and to enquire if he is willing to continue his fervice for a further term 2 further term of three years, and for what fum or price he (hall of three years, be ft) willing to continue It, if required. - ^

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That c . cj every fuch colonel and commandant of every fuch regiment and tcTrenirn lifts corps of militia, (hall, and he is hereby required, forthwith to of fuch men

0.3

Digitized by v^,ooQle

z 16	Anno	viccfimo	primo	Georgn III. c. 19.	[1781*

who are w»1- return a lid as well of fuch private militia men as are willing t6 lieg to conti- continue fo to ferve, as of all others whofe times of fervice will expire between thefirftday of April* and the firft day of Dtambtr% tbe general next enfuing, to the cleric of the general meeting of the county or meeting* |. . riding to which fuch regiment or corps lhall refpedlively belong, which clerks *n manner as is directed by the laid recited adts, or either of deputy lieut! *hem $ and all clerks of general meetings, clerks of fubdivi*. &c. are forth- fion meetings, deputy lieutenants, jufticesof the peace, and all "Uhtop- other perfons concerned, are hereby refpedlively authorifed and for proper* 0t re(lu‘rcd» upon the receipt of fuch lifts, forthwith to proceed to men to terve ballot for proper men to ferve it) the militia, in the place of thofe inltead of whofe times will expire as aforefaid, and for that purpofe to exe-thofc whofe cutc ajj tfoe p0wers and directions given by the faid recited adts, pi^e'a»*forc*	other	adt	or	adb of parliamentrefpedting the trfilitiaforbid.	ecs of this kingdom, as if all the claufes, provifions, powers,

matters, and things, contained in any of the laid adts relating to the premifes, were repeated and reenadted in the body of this prefent adt.

Clerks of fub-1 JIL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Thatf divifion meet- jyhen and as often as any militia men (hall be ballotted for and li%Sof the fworn ***» in the manner herein before diredted, the clerks of the „ name*, &c. of febdivifion meetings refpedtively (hall forthwith give notice there-niilitia men of, and tranfmit a lift of the names and places of abode of fuch fworii fh to the jnilitia men to the colonel or commandant of the regiment or ofThe corpTto ^arPs militia to which they (hall belong j and every colonehor which they kroihxnandant of fuch regiment or corps of militia is and are belong, &c. liere^y authorized from time to time to difeharge of thofe men >hofe times will fooneft expire, a number equal to thofe who ’ gre ballotted for and fworn in, and in readinefs to join his regiment or corps, fo asto keep his regiment or corps as complete as may be during the^period before mentioned-

t j * • •	*	*	*	.	*	^.

•	......	’	,c a p. xix.

, Jn aft to- permit the importation of flax and flax feed into this

dom or Ireland, in any or veffltl belonging ■ flatiinamity with bis Majefly,	with	f

~‘dtiHng'fhrprtfent bofliiitits.-■

Pmmtye.	EAtS	fy an aft. made in the tvaeifth

- V V par. of the reign: of King .Clwrk* the Sttondt Recital of the	tifuled* Ana#! for .tlieeoeouraging apdotafeafingof Shipping

iiavi^atiin aft hod navigation, it it qmngfl other	That no fort of

xi Car.». flarflalliudmportrdpio.Erigikn'd, feel»t^,-W»le», or town ofBtf-wicK Hpon Tweed	,JntorJtfA «r/biPK vejet or	whaefoevtr.,

... iut in Jucb as do tntfy^nfrtf'ilhout jfrau4i.helong.to tbe ptopli thpetfy J Pr.fvme of tbem-, «t fa: Unto:ownend -proprietors tbtreef and whereof the mafler and three foterthl efitba. meeinen et leaf art t £ngKfaix**pton/pfl*rt:foreign flip I er.epflekat'.are efthe built ef %M mmtty orpfawf	whiah:the faid the gt

tr.xwtifa&wpfefe&itel}-,	fort	ttifor

-si	:	o	goodt

T ~t

Digitized by

Google

1781.J Anno vioefimo primo Qporgii III. c.iif

goods eon only be, tr mft ufually	are,	firfl flip tranfportation,

and whereof tie majier, and three fourths of the mariners at leaf, tf the faid country or plate, under the penalty and forfeiture of Jhip and goods: and whereas it is expedient, during the prefent

to permit the importation of fax and flax feed	atid	~ • •	'

Ireland, in foreign neutral flips or vejfels, although	or'

Ttjfels art not tf the built of the eountry or place of which ft/eh flax or flax feed is the growth, production, or manufacture, or of tie fort where fuch flax or flax feed can only be, or ufually flipped for tranfportation; be it therefore enaCted by the King’s 1 moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons,* in this prefent _	.

parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, TlUr,Lsidur-from and after the twentieth day of Apone thpufand feven i„£ the pre- * hundred and eighty-one, and during the prefent hoftilities, it fern hoftilities, (hall and may be lawful for any perfon.or perfortsto import.®** into this kingdom of Great Britain, mJr el any fort offlax or jJjJpgJJJJ into flax feed, in any (hip or veffel belonging to any kingdom or ftate Great Britain in amity with his Majefty, bis heirs or fucceflbrs, navigated by or Ireland in foreign feamen, from any port or place whatfoever, upon the yeffels belong-fame terms and conditions, and fubjeCt to the fame rule?, jregu-lations. and reftriCtjons, in all refpeds, as fuch flax and flax feed „jth hisMa-would, by any law in force, have been fubjeCt and liable to if jefty, See, the fame had been imported in foreign (hips or veftels of the built of the country or place,of which.fuch flax or flax feed was the growth, production, or manufacture; any thing in the before-recited atft, or any other aCt or aCts of parliament, to the contrary notwithftaridmg.

C A P. XX.	‘	.' ?

An alt for declaring certain provifions af an aCt, made in the thirteenth year of his,prefent	Majefty,relating to the turnpike roads	in

that part of Great Britain tailed England, to extend to all alls made, and to be made, for repairing roads Jubfequent to the of the faid alt.

WHEREAS doubts have arifen whether the provifions con- Preamble.

Sained in an alt of parliament made in the thirteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, (intituled. An a<ft to explain, Recital of the •mewl, atid reduce into one a<ft of parliament, the general laws general turn-now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Rkeaft *3 Great Britain called England, and for other purpofes), were meant lJto‘ ** an4-intended to extend to fuch alts of parliament as flail be made for repairing particular turnpike roads jubfequent to the pafflng of the faid recited all: for obviating fuch doubts for the future, be it declared and enaCled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all the provifions, directions, mat- The recited Ijers, and things, contained in the faid Recited aCt of the thir- *®j ttcath year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, which have not h»vebe«nre.

• ' -	0.4	been	pealed, fcc.

Digitized by CjOOqLc

parting thereof* te*

vii	fiino vlcefiri16 p^thbiSickdit Iff. t.4t;

extended to (cm varied, altered, or rfpe^teef, by ifrty fattfetjuenf rifts <f pdH ^a<^cnt» (except fo muefi thereof as an adcfitioritof teftif C? n e ncet e years to afts for re pair mg partrcuhYTorfipike roads)* tterl And arc meant and intended, and (hall be deemed, confiruttf* apd taken, to extend to a!f aits of parliament which hive beef* made fined the time of the paflin£ of the fafdYedted aft,rind whrtrtt lhaB hereafter be made, for* amending and repairing any parti* QUfar tyrnpike roads within that part of Great Britain caltei Engloitf. ,

CAP. XXI.

An aft for defraying the. charge of the pay and clothing of the militia m that pirt of Grea' Britain tilled England, fdY One year, begriming* th* twenty.fifth day cf March* me tboolkad fevth hoodnd aid*igHy+

one.	!

fceambfe. Where the militia is Ar fh^l be raTfed, the receiver-general.of the county n to Jflue four months pay* ini advance, according to the Mb?-Blffhmetrt of pay here let down; with half a yeir’s falary to the regimbi taLaod battalion clerksand the allowances to tfockrks of the gewnri apd febdivifion meetings andpayYor elothiogof the militia. Where4»y has not been iflued, no pay to be iflued till tfyc lord lieutenant, or deputies, (hill have certified to the treafurv arid recrivers-gerieral the itirof-merit of th fee fifth rdf the riven and officers. The money n to be^paad by thecjfeceiter.gttiiril to ehb tfledC' of the regimen t*cr battalion, (except the allowance* to the clerks of the oweftngt) Upon producing the war cant of few appointment: and for independant companies, to toe refptftive captains^ dr to (heir order: according to the trtabliffim'fnt laid do*n in the rriilitia rift of a Geo. 3. c. 3$; r A fectmd payment is uHri to be made-within tbrei thchths after the firft: and a third Within three months, alter the feeond; Receipts of the perfons to whom the money thfdi be fo paid, to discharge the receivers-general. The regimental and battalion c»erks are to pay in advance one month’s pay totbe adjutant: and two months pay to each captain for the ferjeants and diuminers* and for the ferjeant major and drUra-major two months pgy to be paid to the commanding officer of the Company to which they belong: captains to diliribute the pay accordingly * hrtd account for the famd yeanv to the clerk, or receiver general if an irrde-pendant company, according to the form in the hfti arid phy back fHe far-

Jdus monies in bts hands. On drfcharge of te^eantror drummers ks unfit or fervice, no pay to be ifiued till then are appointed : opr any payment made toiuch as are difeharged by the commanding officer. Tnfcclerkkare like wife to pay, out of the f^ms allowed for contingent expences,<i d* per man for hofpital charges : and the Iuins*nee;efCiry for the repair dfjbydh, and carriage thereof. Rtfidbe to be applied forth* benefit of tfeCrfei. went or battalion, as the field officers hud captillts flHUI dir (ft. ^eu8l of the laid fums to be made op yearly. Money allowed for cytiiagna ex pence* of independant companies to be applied and accounted forbj tfo captains. Clerk to retain mohey in his harids for his own (alary, vvheo the lord Hen tenant or deputies (hall have 6x*d the days of exertife, fhef are to certify the famh to the receiver generkl, rpecifyihg the ntibbfe'et men, and days they flnll be abfent from borne. Reoetver-gejKrai*0 i^fef thereupon pay for officers and men to the regimental clerk* &'c. yftfre there mall be independant companits only, the rcceiver-general is \o inue fcay to the captains, Sec. according tb thte rate Here fet dowti, viz. ttrfscft oaptmn ^s. 6d. pferdey». each lieutenant 3*. 6d. per day* eritth erifigh -gk. _ per day, and each privue nxxn 1 s. per day* with the addition of Ml per dpy for each corporal. Clerks to pay ovey the money tp die lefpeftjoc captaifis. Captains to make up their account according to the form in the afti to be flgned by'them, arid CouhteiTigned by the ComiHhlrtcfiVl^'oflic^ril* rind dftivferedt withthe balance* tb fcHie elerk, or receive rifcAnerJik- AWi emits allowed fulficient vouchers*- During the time the troops are cm*

bodied*

Digitized by L,ooQle

f&f.) Anr^ vksefimo prime Georoii Ilf. <c*a*—24.

toiiei# <MdrW)M«ijV b*0 ottkifti fervid and recchr* pay ik the king's

oshkmtoea, 9*1 pay ahd aWowaoce ta«n the receivers-general isto cone. JUcaters-general to pay the aUowances to cUrkt of the general meetings, and to the clerks of tne lubdivHion meetings, Upon producing orders from tbe liedfeoant or deputy-lieutenarttsr which order to be aMifcharge to reedrefs gentrif. Regimental arid battalion dark to give feourity for pBfiag and icooootiegfor the monies Received by thorn t the bonds to be lodged with tbe receivers-general, and put in fuit by them on not)perform-rtunce of the conditions j and they are intitled thereupon to full tofts and charges; and 5). per cent, of the money recovered; ttmeddoe to be at* codmed for to tbe tfoditbr. The regimental and tecad«o» clerks, ensd tayniOs of in dependant companies, are to deliver in accounts of their n-copbaad di&Uffcmcnts. All penalties, cotta, &c. to be recovered in the courts at ttfejtminfter. No fee payable for arty warrant or fum of money ifTued in purfuance of this a6t. Officer* on half-pay ferving in the militia, tmf receive the" febfi (fence money payable to captains, lieutenants, dr tofigas, they taltingtfeefolkmixig oath before • rjuttice, Ihfofth, r



I A. do fwear. That I had not, between the

I	any place 6r employment of profit, dvil or milftary^tnider has

MjjefyJbdider Wty aMokvance of Half.pay aa a reduced*7' '	*

i* '	1 act regiment of	far allowance ft* >

in r	late	troop	of	hof	ft	guards,	or	;;	^ : <

regiment of horfe reduced], fave and except my fubfiftence aTa'"captain, lieutenant, or enfign, [as tbe cafe	ferving	in	tbe	xiiratia.of Che4

ttmrity pf	*	*'	M'

- ■ * '. . • ••«'-.. \ .. - ! ! . -Tbetahingthif qftfch fulicient to intitle them to receive their half-pay* Re-cejftr-geiicral,oipon receiving a warrant, frpm the epppuanding officer, be/tjjjing the receipt of the Clothing, ana an order for payment, is to pay tbtrfttoe accordingly. If any regiment, &e. (half ceafev i*i {4SUk is to be pdtitottye Mptttftt hot* fuch time toMarch *$, ifrfa.,* ...



-*>■:- C A P'. XXIL

AnftfMbr iatproriftf the navig

t r.~ :z:i "a

An aftfor improving the navigation of the river, called Bp^rn Tan, from tbe town.of Bournits Junction with t^e fiver Glen at a place called Tongue £nd,in the county 61 Lincoln. 1	"	,	“

*	••	•	\	^	.	V.*	.k%‘i	.

C A P. XJCHI;	•-....

An 9ft for irptkniiting t^thmiflioiters for puttitifer 5KeKeCfttfbtt'ahadtof Sbb9rffi<m;d^HiaitKift,iiritttbd^ An*adbfor grantii^g.prwuttd hrtMft-jefty by *1*0^ tft*, tb be raiffdrin Great Britain, tor theiervice-of tbe yeif one tboiyandfcven hundred and eighty *one.	'	‘

:':c c-A ti, /. . ,,

J».	d>e prtfeni (\uUei.jtfonJ*p(r%

JwffhwSsy made in(prat Bruaia,. and.for -gnanting

•fafath WW.tbrtif'* , l , ;	••

-.Ad',

,?*'V Hi y,

: .

TTTHEREA^iy^ Mhie iff	tintbyear 1>f ihi rttgh ^Preamble.

Vy her late mqjejly Soften Anne,yir laying duties upon fope.and Recital of two pofer^madejh Great Britain, hni for other purpifes therein rhen-ii&t, madcm fiMtd% lerlditi duties were laid on &fl paper made /Vr Gi^af BVitairi, ** Anna, aturiing to the ftveral and particular rates and Vaiitzs therein entr-ih&atei, and other duties were impofed after tbe rati tf twelve pounds former* one hundred pounds of the true and real value of an other pdfer fo made ds dforifaid^ and not Particularly chafaiain the hid 'i > aet \ and by ini differ aft, made in the twelfth year fif her fald hte a&4 HAJittx, mjejlfs ftign, a further me and duty was hid an rbifait papers $

all

Google

leap	Anno	tficefimo	pritfto	Georgii	III.	c.24.	[1781.

aUmbieh faid feveral rates and duties merest he charged, lamed tad paid, in manner as by the /aid a£ts are particularly dirtStd and «• prefed, and which /aid alts art by fubfequent	continued and made

perpetual: and whereas it hath been found, by experience, that the Jeveral and refptQive rates and duties fo charged upon paper, by tbt /aid ails particularly enumerated, are not proportionate to the true value offuch papers;	and that the value of the other papers rateable by

the faid ails, and not therein particularly charged, to, or affirmed by the makers thereof, and according to which the duties thereon are charged and payable, have been very unequal, feme perfnu greatly undervaluing the fame, whereby great frauds arid abufes have been committed, to the detriment	revenue, and injury of the fair

trader:.now, for the remedying of the faid abufes, and to pre-vent like frauds, and to the intent that all paper-makers may be on an equal footing; we, your Majefty’s faithful commons, in parliament, a (Tern bled, do befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s raott excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and From May *1, by the authority, of the fame, That, from and after the twenty-1781, the <lu- day 0f May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, rniilboanfs^* l^e ^ever*I rates and duties upon paper, millboards, pafteboards, See. granted and fealeboards, given and granted by the faid ads, made in the by the recited tenth and twelfth years of t.he reign of her fajd fate majefty Queen aftt, repealed.	iAnne,uin&which have been ftnee continued and made perpetual,

(Exception.} (except fo much of the faid -duties as are impofed by the faid ads upon paper, to be printed, painted, or ftained in Great Britain, to ferve for hangings, and other ufes), (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any thing in the before mentioned ads to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

•	II. And to the intent that no failure or deficiency may accrue or happen, in the refpeitivcfunds to which the duties upon paper by this

1 ait determined were appropriated and	by the	de:erminatien

of the faid duties^be it further cnaded by the authority afore (aid, New duties	'That in lien thereof there (hall be raifed, levied, colleded, and

granted in-	paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and (iicceftbrs.

Head thereof for an<j UpQn ajj pap^rS} pafteboards, millboards, and (bale-pafteboards,*' hoards, which, from and after the faid twenty-firft day of May, &c. made in one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, (hall be made in Great Britain: Great Britain, the feveral and refpedive rates and duties hcrein-videlicer, after particularly mentioned and deferibed, and clafled in the feyeral tables annexed to this atft j that is to fay, -

‘fmperiaj >»1t- for every ream of paper made in Great	for	writing,

log paper, jp. called Imperial,of the yajue of two pounds, eleven (hillings, per per ream:	rcam> and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenuons of

twenty-two inches by thirty inches and a quarter, nine (hillings : . •

Suoer Royal For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, ditto, 6s? jfU «Hcd Super Royal, of the v?|pe of one pound, eighteen (hillings, per ream:	per ream, and upwards, and nqt exceeding the dunenGons of

*	  1	pine-

X781.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii lit. 0.24.

nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-Teven inches and an half, fix (hillings and nine-pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Royal, of the value of one pound, nine (hillings, ptr ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, five (hillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Medium, of the value of one pound, two (hillings, and fixpence, per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding rhe dimenfions of leventeen inches and an hailf by twenty-two inches and an half, four (hillings:

For every: ream of paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Demy, of the value of fixteen (hillings per rtam, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen inches and an half by twenty inches, two (hillings and nine^pence:

. For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called efhid Poft, of the value of thirteen (hillingt/w? ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen inches and a quarter byriineteen inches and an half, two (hidings and three-pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Thin Poft, of the value of ten (hiHings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen inches and p quarter by nineteen inches arid anbatf, one (hilling and nine-

121

Royal writing paper, 5*. psr ream:

Medium ditto, 4.S. per ream:

Demy ditto, ss. 9<i. per reams

Thick Poft ditto, »i. j d, per reams

Thin Poft ditto, is. sd* per ream t

pence:	•:	•	■ ■ ,	’	'T

- For every ream of-paper made hr Great Britain for writing. Small Poft called Small Poft, of the value of feven (hillings and fixpence per ditto, is. jd. ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of thir- P*1*reams teen inches and art half by fixteeirinches and an half, one (hilling and threepence:

- For every ream of paper made its Great Britain for writing, Fools Cap called Fools Cap, of the valueof nine (hillings per ream, and ditto,is*. 6ft; upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of thirteen inches Perretms and an half by fixteen inches and three quarters, one (hilling

and fixpence : .

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Pott ditto,.!u c*Ucd Pott, ofrthe value of fix (hillings per ream, and upwards, per ream: and not exceeding the dimenfions of twelve inches and an half by fifteen iricbes stfid an half, rine (hilling:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Double Arias, or copperplate printing, called' Double Atlas, of the value of for writing, or fifteen pounds firstam, and upwards, and not exceeding the coPP!r*Plate dimenfions of fifty-five inches by thirty-one inches and an half, Jos” per ream 1 one pound ten (hillings:	^

For every ream pfpaper made in Great Britain for writing, Demy, for or popper-plate printing, ctMtADemy, of the value of twelve ditta> (hilling* reem^.-owl upwards* *nd not exceeding the dimen- *** rcams Cons of fiftecn'inches and an half by twenty inches, one (hilling

nine-pence^ *	* ;r * ■

for every geMh<jf p*f>*r	Grtai	Britain	for	writing,	Copy, fa 1

mpopptr-fetf prying, etllpd	Gofiyo of the value of ditto, i i per'

w	*•	fereo"*®5

4*	r	I* V

Digitized by v^ooQle

' 22$	Anno	vicefimo	prime	Georg11 III, c. 24. [1781.

£»vcn (hillings. and fixpenoe ream, and upwards, and not

exceeding the dimenfions of fixteen inches by twenty inches and a quarter, one (hilling:

VmU Cap, for For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, writing, oc	or copper-pi ate printing, called Feels Cap, of the value of fit

printing! *o*d. idlings perream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen-per ream's fions of thirteen inches and an half by fixteen inches and three .quarters, ten-pence:	,

Littris Fools For every ream of paper made in Great Britain tor writing, Cap, for ditto, ©r copper-plate printing, tailed Littris Foals Gap, of .the value of ream?*1- fix ^*^'ngs Per ream» and upwards, and not exceeditig the di-menfions of thirteen inchesand an half hy k)venteen inches and •i '	-aiihal/,.ton-pence:

•Pott, for dftto,	For, every ream of paper made ih Great Britain hr writing,

8d. per ream: or copper-plate printing, called Pott, of the valiie of-four IhiU •	..	lings ptr ntarn,. and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions

• ! s•	qf twelveincherandian half by fifteen inches: and ih half, eight-

......... pence:	r	:::	"	...	•	.	l.;(.

Grand Eagle, For etBry ream of paper mxdfcin Qrmt Britain hr writing, for ditto, u £. or copper-plate printing, called Grand Eagle or	Elephant,

per ream:	of. the value of .f&ir poemds per,ream^ and upwards, and not

exceeding the dimenfioiMhf: twenty-fix inches and. three quar-

•	. ters by .forty inches, eleven, (hillings: <•"	>

Colombier.for For every ream of paper. *1 ado: in.Gnatt Britain for writing, ditto, 7 s, per or copper-plate printing, called	of	the	value	of two

reanl‘..r pound*and tdn fltilhn^.'/Bir reaun, and upwardr, andxtot ex-t ,	.	■■■	• feeding thft dhnenfiohslbf-jtwehtyatthreemdbe^ and an half by

' thirty-four inches aod an Hxhy(even (hiilingic Atlas,for dit- For every,team of papenmaaderin	for	writing,

to, (worth j l.) or copper-plate printing, called Atlas, of 'tfae ;value of three ,0-}- i‘er	pound*’per neam, atrd"upwardej antl oot exceeding the dimen-

rf??v 1 •*	fiptjs, of-twenty-fisc, inch cb: and aaquarter. byt dhitt^fbor inches,

•	'* 1 ten AilHngaci'	°	b	.	«>	.

Atlas, for dit-. For. every ream *f paper moderin	for	writing,

^ °r copper-plate printing, called Atlas, of the value ofctwopounds wawi d‘-P*r^r ^riws'dnd upwards/.hnd teot'exceeding thodimenfioni of . tv»c«ty-iGxf inches and a quarter by thirty * four inbheS, fix ft»d-Jings andfixpetoer- :•» -<•	tni!-	?

Small Atlas, For every ream of papdr made in Grvoh^irsdivfor writing, ior.dttto,.£S,: or Copper-pitec printing, called^Wifl!/ /fr/jJ^ofuhe yvlot of one ^er|Fam :	pound and.tdi dullihgs. pw^ream, andMpwurdsy--and pot ex-

1 • v, 1 eeeding1 thfr<diwwrtfitms bf te»ertry-hve inthet hy' chfrty-ona

* ' ... ' ibches^fbWiflsilfiiigs : • ’ \ r y: . o-r. vi.i "

tmperial.Vor For every ream of paper made in Oiar ftrrtWJttfor Writing,1 dittcy.4s. 9d. . or coppetv_pIale printing,' calledimperial, bf rttst'vtluC.of one perrea^:	pound and-eeb fhtllings /urvdinly2nd upwandtq arld ticJrexcved-

ing the dHnmfibnxof twemy«twteinches bf^Wvty-iftches and a quatteil, ■fioui; fltiUings and aihepence t •- v.;.>ni n-v -Super Royal, For every ream of paper made in Great Briraik for writing* for ditto, ?s. or cbpperwpdate prihtingy balled Super'BtjatycIf'lht value of’dne .r^“' pound^tml fit* (hillings /rxpttifa, and upwards,'and not3***

1.	ceeding

Digitized by

Google

1781.) Anno Yfc»finQO:pnmo<J*o*GH III. c.24.	323

trading the dinfenfions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-feven inches and an half, three (hillings and fixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for .writing,‘Long Rays!, or copper- plate printing, called Bong Royal, of the value of one pound per ream* *od upwards, and qot exceeding the dimen- pn^ing, jt. lions of tweuty-feven inches and an half by eighteen inches, per reams * three (hillings:

♦ For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for.writing, Royal, for or copper-plate printing, called Roy<d> of the value of eighteen ditto, as. 6d. (hillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen- per ream:

(ions of nineteen, inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, two (hillings and fixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing. Demy, for Qr copper-plate printing, called Demy, of the value of thirteen ditto, i s. 9d. (hillingsper ream, and upwards, and not exceeding tbeditnen-t per reams dons of leveateen incites by twenty-two inches, one (hilling and nine-pence:

For every ream of paper made in Grea$ Britain for writing, abort D^my, or copper-plate printing, called Short Demy or Crowns> of the for ditto, i >. value of nine (hillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceed- sd-per-eeami ing the dimenfioas of fourteen inches by twenty inches and a quarter, or of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one (hilling end three-pence.

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Large Fau, for or copper-plate printing, called Large Fan, of the value of four- ditto, *s. per teen (hillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the rcanl: dimenfions of twenty-three inches and an half by twenty inches and an half, two (hillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Small Fan, for pr copper-plate printing, called Small Fan, of the value of eleven dino, a a. 6d. (hillings par ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimeo- P$r reami fionsof twenty-two inches and a quarter by thirteen inches and a quarter, one (hilling and fixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Elephant, far or copper-plate printing, called Elephant, of the value of fifteen ditto, »*. *d, (hillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen- P*r ; (ions of twenty-three inches by twenty-eight inches, two (hillings and three-pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for bank or Paper for bankers bills or notes, allowing two bilk or notes in each (heel, £ank notes* two (hillings ^ and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs number *8# per of bills or notes, in each.flieet:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, printing Dou -allied Double Demy, of the value of one pouod^aikd .eighteen bie Demy, 5s. Jhillings per bundle, and upwards, and npt exceeding the dimen- 6 d- per bun-fions of twenty-fix inches by thirty-eight ioohfcs and ah half, dIe> dive (hillings and fix-pence:

For every bundle of paper made.in Great Britain forprintipg, Printing Roy-called Royal* of the valueof one;pound and four (hillings per ft i*. 6d. pfr bundle,and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions ofnine- bundle; teen inches and an half hy twenty-four inches and a.quactcr, *r

of

Digitized by

Google

224

Anno vicefimo prifnb GeoRGH III/ C. 24. [ 178 r.

of twenty inches by twenty-fix inches, three fttillings and fix-pence ;

Printing Roy- For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing9 ** ^ndP*** ca^e<* ^oyat Inferior, of the Value of fourteen (hillings per bun-u ei die, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of nineteen inches and an half by twenty-four inches and a quarter, two (hillings:

Printing Me- For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, Vi	Medium,	of the value of one pound per bundle, and/up-

per bundles warc|s> an(j not exceeding the dimenfions of eighteen inches by twenty-three inches, two (hillings and nine-pence:

Printing Demy For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing. Single, *s. 6d. called Demy Single, of the value of feventeen (hillings per bun-per bundle:	anj	UpWards,	and	not exceeding the dimenfions of feventeen

inches and an half by twenty-two inches, or of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-one inches and a quarter, two (hillings and fixpence:

PrintingDemy For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing. Inferior, is. called Demy Inferior, of the value of ten (hillingsper bundle, and 6d. per bun- upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions ot feventeen inches d c*	and an half by twenty-two inches, one (hilling and fixpence:

Printing D«k For evcry bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, ble Crown, called Double Crown, of the value of feventeen (hillings per bun-ss. 4d. per die, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty bundle:	inches	by thirty inches, two (hillings and four-pence:

Double Crown For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing. Inferior, is. called Double Crown Inferior, of the value of twelve (hillings pet od. per bun- bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty inches by thirty inches, one (hilling and nine-pence: Printing Sin* For every bundle of paper made in Grtat Britain for printing, gleCrown, *s. called Single Crown, of the value of thirteen (hillings per bundle, per bundle:	and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen inches

by twenty inches, two (hillings:

Single Crown For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing. Inferior, is. called Single Crown Inferior, of the value of eight (hillings per jd. per bun- bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen d,c*	inches	by	twenty	inches,	one	(hilling	and three-pence:

prmrinoTVmv For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, Tiflbe, 1 s. 3d. called Demy TiJJite, of the value of eight (hillings per bundle, and per bundle:	upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of feventeen inches

and an half by twenty-two inches, one (hilling and three-pence: Crown Tiflue, For every bundle of paper made* io,Great Britain for printing, iod. per bun- called Crown Tijfue, of the value of five (hillings per bundle, and dh:	upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of^fifteen"inches by

twenty inches, ten-pence:	‘	:'	>	’

PrintingDou- For every bundleof paper made m CVref BritaiH for printing, ble Pot£ 1 s. called Double Pott, of the value of nine (hillings psr bundle, and 6 d. per bun- upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of leventecn inch* by twenty-five inches and an half; one (hilling and fixpence r Cartridge, is/ For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Cart* 9d. per ream! ridge, not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-one inches by twenty-fix inches, one (hilling and nine-pence:

For

«5

1781.] Anao vicefimo primo Grorgii III. c. 24.

For every ream of paper made in jGreat Britain, called Square Square Cart-Cartridge, not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-four inches

ream:

and an half by twenty-five inches and an half, two (hillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Small Small Cart-Cartridge, not exceeding the dimenfions of nineteen inches and a i*. 6d* quarter by twenty-four inches, one (hilling and fixpence:	rcam	s

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Elephant	ff

Cernttm, not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-three inches by ja.^Tream: twenty-eight inches, one (hilling and thred-pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Sugar Blue, Shty not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-one inches and an *«• per ream: half by thirty-three inches, two (hillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Ditto, (mailer Blue Smaller Size, not exceeding the dimenfions of eighteen perVeam- # inches and three quarters by twenty-feyen inches, one (hilling p am' and fixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Ditto, Demy Blue Demy Size9 not exceeding the dimenfions of feventeen fizc» ,s* 3<h inches and an half by twenty-two inches, one (hilling and three- Pcrrcams pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Ditto, Crown Blue Crown Size, not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen inches fize*,f* 3d. by twenty inches, one (hilling and three-pence:	***rcam s

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Purple Purple Royal, Reyal, not exceeding the dimenfions of nineteen and an half by per ream: twenty-four inches and a quarter, one (hilling:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Blue BlueElephant, Elephant, not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-three inches 1 s- P*r by twenty-eight inches, one (hilling and fixpence:	ream *

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Blue Royal, Reytdy not exceeding the dimenfions of nineteen inches and an P«r bun-half by twenty-four inches and a quarter, two (hillings:	d,c:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain, called Blue BjueDeray Demy and BlcJJomy not exceeding , the dimenfions of feventeen buul inches by twenty-two inches, one (hilling and three-pence:	die:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Blue Crown Cram Single, not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen inches by SinS,e* 9<*. twenty inches, nine-pence:	P*r bundle:

For every ream of whited brown paper made in Great Bri- Roy*! Hand tem, called Royal Hand Thick, not exceeding the dimenfions of Thick> twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and a quarter, ten-pcr rcam:

pence:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Bri- Royal Hand, lm% called Royal Handy not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty- * ,\Pcr buo-> four inches By nineteen inches and a quarter, one (hilling:	d e:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Bri- LumberHand, torn, called Lumber Handy not exceeding the dimenfions of twen- **\Pcr bun-ty-tbree inches by eighteen inches, one (hilling:	,	te5

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Sr/- Double Two tear, called Double Two Poundy not exceeding tfie dimenfions.of Fotond, 9d* twenty-four inches by fixtteninches, nine-pence;	t peruun e$

0	for

2 J <5

Single Two Pound, 4.d. per bundles

Middle Hand Double, i a. 6d. per bundle:

Anno vicefimoi pciaur Ghorgii I1L	{178^

For evciy bundle of whited brown paper, tna^e in Great Bri. /ij/e, called Tui# Band, not exceeding- the dimeofions of fixteen inches by eleven inches, four-pence:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Gnat Britain, called Middle Hand Double, not exceeding the dimenfioas of thirty-three inches by twenty-one indies, one (hilling and fix-pence:

Middle Hand, For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Bri*

9 d. per bun- tain, called Middle Handy not exceeding the d'unenfipns of tweo-ty-two inches by fixteen inches, nine-pence:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Brir tain, called Small Hand Double, not exceeding the dim^pfions of thirty-two inches by twenty inches, one (hilling:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Green &rfr tain, called Small Hand, not exceeding the dimwfions of pine-teen inches and three quarters by fixteen inches, fixpence:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Half Pound, not exceeding the d^ mentions of twelve inches by ten inches,.and of nine inches by feven inches and an half, four-pence:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain* £$ed Imperial Cap, not exceeding the dimentions of twenty-nw inches by twenty-two inches, one ffailliog:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, t&rtled 9d. per ream: f{<2V0H fopnot exceeding the dimenfiofts of twenty-iWtf inches by twenty inches, nine-pence •

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Bag Cap, not exceeding the dimentions of tweaty-three inches and an half by nineteen inches, eight-pence:

For every ream of brown paper made in Gruat Britain, called ' Kentifh Cap, not exceeding the dimentions pf twenty-one inches by eighteen inches, fixpence:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, called 6d. per ream:	not exceeding the dimentions of twenty inches by

fixteen inches, fixpence:

Small Cap, 4d. For eVery ream of brown paper made in Great Britain* called Small Cap, not exceeding the dimentions of twenty inches by fifteen inches, four-pence:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Double Four Pouftds, not exceeding the dimentions of thirty-three inches by twenty inches, one (hilling:

For every bundle of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Single Two Pounds, not exceeding tire dimentions offixteen inches hy eleven inches, fixpence:

CoupletPound For every bundle of br&wn paper made in Great Britain, called Pouiu^^ d Goupks Pound and Half Pound, not exceedingriie*di»enfian$ of Der bundle * twelve inches by ten inched, atulof a ine inchat doyfifeven iaehes ?nd an half, four-pence:

Pifteboard, ‘ for every hundred weight paAeboard, millbo*td,^fcetIe-MiHboard,4c. board, and glared paper, made in Great Britain^ for clothiers hundred^ hotprefitra, four (hil!iog^fiftd;dix[ipncc: and after ttofe weight.	‘	rates

die:

Small Hand Double, is. per bundles

Small Hand, 6d. per bundle:

COuples Pound and Half Pound, 4d. per buudle:

Imperial Cap, is* per ream:

Havon Cap,

JSagCap, Sd. per ream:

Kentifh Cap, $*d. per ream:

Four Pounds,

per ream:

Double Four Pounds, 1 s. per ream s

Single Two Hounds, 6d. per bundle *

Digitized by boodle

1Anno vitefimo primO GEOKQitfllfr. C-'a^c	iij

rates for any greater or lefs quantity pf fuch papers, pafteboardt* millboards, and fcaleboards, r.efpeftively;

Which faid feveral rates and duties upon the faid fevers! Tprts Duties to he of paper, and other the commodities lafl-naentianed, to be ipadepa'd by the in Grift Britain, (hall be truly paid by the makers thereof- re^ maker* j fpeftively, according to the dicnepGons, denominations, and values, in the feveral tables annexed, and herein-before feveraliy deferibed and exprefled. .	•	.

Ill* And for tht better after taining* charging, collectings ra\Jing% levying) and ft curings the faid rates and duties by this aft impofed* be ,, ^ it further eoadted by the authority afor*faid.That the rate9 and dcr the m»- * duties by this act made payable upon paper, paftebpards, mill- nagementof boards, and fcaleboards, made in England, Wales$ or the towmof thecoremifli-Btrwiei upon 7uvr</,.fhall be under the receipt and management of the commiflioners and officers of his Majefty’s revenue of ex- s^und cife in England for the time being $ and the rates and duties by refpeftively* this aft made payable upon paper, pafteboards, millboards, and fcakboards, made in Scotland, (hall be under the receipt and management of thq commiflioners and officers of his Majefty’s revenue of excife in Scotland for the time being; and all monies arifing by and in refpeft of the faid rates and duties, the necef-fary charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted/

(hall be paid and applied to the fame ufes and purpofes, and. in like manner, and under fuch regulations, as the money ariling by the .duties hereby repealed were by the feveral afts appropriated unto and direfted to be paid and applied.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid*That The new da* ' the (aid feveral and refpeftive rates and duties herein* before f1” t0 ** granted on paper, paftetioard, millboard, and fealeboard, to be dVmnaMuty made in Great Britain^ (hall be moreover fubjeft and liable tQ 0f xo per cent* an additional duty or ipipoft of ten pounds per centum on the on the pro-produce and amount thereof ; and that fuch additional duty ox ducc thereof* impoft of ten pounds pir centym ihall be raifed, levied, collefted,

and paid,, in the fame manner, and under the fame rules, regulations, powers and authorities, ways and means, penalties aru| forfeitures, as the additional duty or charge of five pounds pet\

(entum granted to his Majefty by an aft, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to his . Majefty additional duties upon the produce of the fe~ verdl duties under tht management of tht refpeftive commiffioners of the cvftoms and excife in Great Britain, are direfted to be col* lefted and paid.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,That What (hall be a ream of paper chargeable by this aft (hall be underftood to deemed a buo-con&ft of twenty quires, and each quire of twenty-four (beets, ^ PaP*r* * lave and except the ream of double demy for newspapers, men- aod* tinned in table three, which (hall be underftood to confift ofq

twenty quires, and each quire to contain twenty-five (hects; and that a bundle of paper chargeable by this aft (hall be underftood to confift of forty quires, and each quire to confift of Vot. XXXIII.	R	twenty-

228

All paper to be made up in reama and bundles, a* greeable to the directions

Anno vlcefimo primo Georgii III. c. 24. [1781.

twenty-four (heets, except as before excepted; and that all forts of paper of the refpe&ive dimenftons and value of the paper chargeable by this adt, under the refpedtive denominations aforefaid, with the relpedtive rates and duties hereby granted, (hall be charged and chargeable with the fame refpe&ive rates and duties, although the fame denominations (by which they are now ufually known) fhould be altered, or by whatsoever other name or names, the fame, or any of them, now are, or hereafter (hall or may be called or known.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all paper whatfoever made in Great Britain (hall, when perfectly made and fit for ufe, be made up, by the reipe&ive makers thereof, in reams, and in no other form or quantity, except only in fuch cafes where the paper or papers fo made are herein-before directed to be made in bundles, and are rated ao-

malty 50" c^ingty; and if any fuch maker of paper fhall, at any tune, and forfeiture make up for fale any paper by him made in any other quantity of the paper, than in reams or bundles aforefaid, every fuch maker (hall, for each offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds, and aifo all the paper fo made up contrary to the directions of this adt.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if at any time hereafter It (hall happen that any new fa* brick, or fort or kind of paper, other than fuch as are already known, and other than fuch as are enumerated and described in

or kind of pa- ta^cs herein-before mentioned, (hall be made in Gnat per. ^ Britain, fuch paper or papers (hall be charged and chargeable with, and (hall pay the feveral and refpedtive duties which arc by this adt charged upon, and payable for, the forts of papers which are neared above in fixe and goodnefs to fuch new fabrick, fort, or kind of paper, and the makers thereof (hall pay the fame accordingly; and if any fuch maker or makers of foch new fa-brick, fort, or kind of paper, (hall ncgledt or refute to pay the duties fo charged and chargeable on the fame refpedtively, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch papers (hall be charged andchargeable with the duty after the rate of eighteen pounds per centum for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of the fame, to be eftimated, upon the oath or affirmation of the maker or makers thereof, in manner herein-after diredlcd; and the maker thereof (hall pay the fame accordingly.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the values of fuch paper made in Gnat Britain as is to pay duty ad valorem, as aforefaid, (hall, in all cafes, be taken to be fo much as fuch paper (hall be Worth to be fold, (fo foon as the fame is perfectly made), from time to time,

How the duties fhall be paid for any new fabrick

How the value of fuch paper fhall be fettled which

adv^kreat	without refpedt to the duty to be charged thereupon)

**	’	and	the	collector	of	excife	for	the	time	being	(hall	receive	the

faid duties payable ad valorem, for fuch paper accordingly, upon the oath of the maker or makers of fuch paper, according to the beftof their knowledge and belief, unlefs fuch maker be a known quaker; and the folemn affirmation of fuch maker to the fame

cflfeS,

Digitized by LjOOQle

1781.] Anno viceCmo primo Gsorgii III. c.24.	229

eflfodk, in cafe he or (be be a known quaker, (hall and may be taken inftead of fuch oath; which oaths and affirmations to ascertain the value of fuch paper fo to be charged, and all other oaths by this adt directed, fhati and may be adminifttred by the proper collector or fupervifor of the diftridt or divifion where fuch paper is made, without any fee or charge for the fame.

IX. And for the more effectual preventing frauds that may be Excite officers pradifed in the valuation of any unrated papers, or of any new may examine fabrick, or fort, or kind of papers which (hall be charged and any Parccl ot chargeable with a rate or duty ad valorem in manner herein-be- *!?v,n£ fora directed and preferibed, and to the end that all makers of +my. * ** paper may be on an equal foot in trade; be it ena&ccf by the 9 aothority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the officer or officers of excife, under whole furvey any fuch maker of paper (hall then be, to open, view, and examine every parcel of paper fo paying duty ad valorem, as aforefeid, and compare the fame with the value and price thereof fo fworn to or affirmed ; and and fo if, upon fuch view or examination, it fhall appear that the paper beundtrvaiued is not valued, by fuch oath or affimation, at the true value and by the maker, price thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this m*y convey it adt9 then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for office the faid officer or officers of excife to take and detain all fuch &Ca * paper, and to caufe the fame to be carried and conveyed unto the office of excife next to the place where fuch paper (hall be made, for the ufe and benefit of the crown ; and the collector of excife for that cohesion (ball, out of any money in his hands, pay to fuch maker of paper, upon demand, the value of fuch paper fo fworn to or affirmed, togjether with an addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, over and above the value thereof fo fworn or affirmed, taking a receipt for the fame from foch maker in full fatisfa&ton for the (aid paper as if the fame had been regularly fold; and it (hall and may be lawful to and Such P*P*r to for the commiffionera of excife for the time being, whether the ** value of the paper fworn to or affirmed, together with the ten pounds per centum thereon, be demanded or not, and whether the receipts herein directed to be taken be given or not, to caufe , the faid paper to be fairly and publickly fold, as foon as may be, for the beft advantage; and out of the produce thereof, the Directions for money herein-before dire&ed to be paid or advanced for fuch difpofiogof paper (hall be paid to fuch collector, to be by him replaced to the produce ftich fund from whence he borrowed the fame, provided the thcrc°f* fame fhall have been by him To paid or advanced ; but if it has not, then the fame (hall remain in the hands of the faid collector until the maker of fuch paper (hall demand the fame, and (hall give a receipt as is herein-before direded to be taken for the fame; and after deducing from the overplus, if any, the charges arifing by the keeping and felling of fuch paper, the faid commifiioners of excife (hall and may order the feveral and re-Jjpe&ive officers of excife concerned in the examination and pur-chafe of fuch paper to be paid, as an encouragement for the faithful difeharge of their duty thefein, one moiety of the reft 2	maindcr

*3°	Anno	vicefimo primo Georgii III. c.24. 117th;

mainder of fuch overplus, (if any), and the other moiety thereof (hall be paid into his Majefty’s exchequer, towards the finking fund.

Paper-makers	^nd	^	11	^urt^^r	*na<fted	by the authority aforefaid, That

to give written an<^ cyery perfon and perfons who (hall at any time make nonces to the any paper In Great Britain, (hall give or caufe to be given rio-oropcr officers tice in writing at the office for the duties on paper next to the P^ce where fuch paper (hall be made, of their refpe&ivc names hodc, if ore*- anc* placcs of abode, and of every workhoufe, ftorehoufe, room* and other place, by him, her, or them refpedtively made ufe iit or for the making, drying, or keeping of fuch paper, or of materials proper to be made into paper, and alfo of al! the mills, vatts, preffes, utenfils, and veflels, ufed in the making the fame, before they do prefume to make any paper; and if any fuch perfon or perfons who (hall make any paper (hall negle<5t to give or leave fuch notice as aforefaid, he, (he, or they lhal), for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XI And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Paper makers That, from and after the faid twenty-firft day of May* one to makcregu- thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, all and every perfon lar entries, on anj perfons who (hall make any paper in Great Britain, (hall,

hoults, See.

on penalty of

5ol.

oath, every fix weeks, of all paper, Sec. made by them]

on penalty of 301.

once in every fix weeks, make a true entry in writing, at the next office of excife, of all the paper, pafteboards, millboards, and fealeboards, by him, her, or them, feverally made fit for ufe within fuch fix weeks refpedtively ; which entries (hall contain the juft kinds and true denominations, and real quantities thereof, and the value of all fuch paper as is dharged ad valorem, on pain to forfeit, for every negledf of fuch entry, the fum of fifty pounds; which entries (hall be made upon oath by the makers of fuch paper, or by their chief workman or fervant employed in making the fame, or upon affirmation, as aforefaid, to be refpeftively taken and adminiftered as this act preferibes in cafes where the value of unrated paper is to be afeertained as aforefaid: provided, that no maker of paper (hall be obliged to go further than the market town next to the place where fuch paper or fuch boards (hall be made, for the making of fuch entries, oaths, or affirmations, as aforefaid.

XII. And be it further enadfed, That all and every other perfon and perfons, who (hall make any paper in Great Britain, (hall from time to time, within fix weeks after he, (he, or they, (hall make, or ought to have made, fuch entry as aforefaid, pay and clear off all the faid duties for all fuch paper, pafteboards, millboards, and fealeboards, as (hall by or for them refpedVively be made, fo as to be St for ufe or fale, upon pain of forfeiting, for every fuch offence, double the fum of the faid duty.

XILL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, nlt^the'hou- That a^ an(* cver.v the officers of dxcife (hall at all times, by day fe*, yards, or by night, and if in the night, then in the prefence of a con-imiu, See*of ftable, or other lawful officer of the peace, be permitted, upon his or their requeft, ro ertter into the houfc, mill, yard, dying-Itoufe, work-houfts, or othA* place, belonging to or ufed by any

maker

Doties to be

paid within fix tyeeks after entry.

paper rankers, and take

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno y^eO^ prinri^rG^oRGii HI. c. 14*	231

maker or makers, of paper, pafteboards, millboards, or fcale* a* account of

boards, in Great Britain, and by weighing, tale, or otherwise, as

to fuch officer or officers (frail feem moft proper and convenient, 0 papcr' c*

to take an account of the kinds and quantities of the paper,

pafteboards, millbqards, and fcaleboards, which fhall have been

made by fuch maker or makers from time to time ; and fhall

thereof make a report or return, in writing, to the refpedtive and make a

commiffioners of excife, or to fuch perfon as they fhall refpec- report thereof

lively appoint to receive the fame, leaving a true copv of fuch fjon^0^1 *

report, under his hand, with or for the faid makers or paper, if *

(uch copy fhall be demanded, in writing ; and fuch report or return, of the officer or officers fhall be a charge upon fuch maker or makers of paper refpedlively j and if the faid officer fhall refufe to give or leave a true copy of his report, in writing, at {he time pf taking fuch account, being demanded as aforelaid, every fuch officer fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fpin of forty fhillings to fuch refpedlive maker.

XIV.	Provided always, That every officer, who fhall beem- officerstobe powered to make fuch charge as aforelaid, (hall, in the firft place, fworn.

be fvvorn for the due and faithful execution of his office 5 and the oath on that behalf fhall and may. be adminiftered by all or any of the commiffioners of excife, or by any juftice of the peace Paper-makers ytho lhall give to fuch officers a certificate thereof: and all and ^jkce#cpn^,ft every foqfr makers of paper, pafleboards, millboards, or fcale-	and

boards, refpeftively, are hereby required to keep fufficient and affift officers juft fades and weights, at the place or places, where he or (he weighing do make the fame, and permit and affift the officer to make ufe thcir ltoclu thereof, for the purpofes aforefaid j and if any fuch maker or Penalty on makers of paper, pafteboard, millboard, or fealeboard, fhall, in ufingfalfe tfre. Weighing of his, her, or their ftock or flocks, make ufe of, weigfat*> qjc cqufe or procure, or fuffer to be ufed, any falfe, unjufl, or inefficient icales or weights, then, and in every fuch cafe, the party offending fhall forfeit and lofe.the fum of one hundred pounds ; ?nd if any fuch maker (hall negleJl to keep fuch feales and weights, ox (frail not permit and affift the officer in ufing fuch fcal^s aud. weights, he, (he, or they, fo offending, fhaji forfeit ap*f Jofe the fum of twenty pounds.

XV.	And, for the better preventing of frauds, it is hereby, enabled. That all and every the officers of the faid duties fhall count o^ma-* alfo be permitted to take an account of the quantities of rags, terialtfor Cordage, and other materials, for making thp faid paper, which making paper* (frail be in the cuftody.or poffeffion of any fuch maker.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That no maker of paper, pafteboards, millboards, or fcale- noixo remove boards, charged with the duties by this a eft impofed, fhall re- their paper, move* carry, or fend away, or fuffer to be removed, carried^ or vntilthe fent away, any paper, pafteboards, millboards, or fcaleboards, accounr by him, her, or them* m*de, until fuch time as the proper of- thereof, &c. ficer fhall have taken an account thereof, and of every particular rpam, and bundle of fuch paper, fo to be removed, carried, or fent away j nor (hall remove any paper in apy lefs quantities than in reams, or bundles, nor until every fuch ream and bundle of

R 3	paper

Digitized by

Google

2 ^

on penalty of 501, and for-ttiiure of the paper.

Paper may be removed tiom the mill where made to any other mill, to be fized, &c. with a proper certificate.

If any paper, &clhallbe loft or damaged in tranfporting the fame to a different part of the kingdom, after the duty is paid, a proportional allowance (hall be made to the proprietor, as fettled by the quarter lcfii-ons.

Amid vicefimo primo Georg 11 III. C. 14.	£1781;

paper duly marked, as herein-after i* dire&ed, to denote the charging of the duty payable for the fame, upon pain of for* fcitingthe fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence; and every fuch ream or bundle of paper, together with the package containing the fame, and all fuch pafteboard, millboard, and fcaleboard, that fhall be found removing contrary tt^tho directions of this aA, or without being fo Ramped or marked^ to denote the charging of the faid duties, fhall be forfeited, am! (half and may be feized by the officer or officers of excife, who (hall fo find cr difcover the fame; and the horfes, or other cattle, carriages, boats, barges, or other veffels, ufed in the removing and carrying away any fuch goods, before the fame (hail be marked and Ramped as aforefaid, fhall alfo be forfeited, and (halt and may be feized by any fuch officer.

XVII.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to hinder any maker of paper from fending fuch paper from the mill where made to any other mill, to be fized, or finifhed fit for ufe, provided leave for that purpofe be firft obtained in writing from the commiffioners of excife for the time being, and that notice thereof (hall have been given to the officer of excife twenty-four hours at the leafi, in order that fuch officer may attend and take an account thereof 5 and provided fuch paper be removed with a proper certificate from an office of excife, expreffing the quality and quantity; and when fuch paper (hall have been fo removed to rhe mill or place where the fame is to be fized, or made fit for ufe, the fame fhall be under the like directions as to marking and Ramping, and all other matters and things, as if fuch paper had been finifhed and fized at the mill where made; and fuch paper-maker (hall, for the breach of any of the directions aforefaid, be fubjed to the like penalty as he would have .been fubjeCt to if the (aid paper had not been removed.

XVIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the (aid twenty-firft day of May> one thou-fanii (even hundred and eigbty-one, and after the duries by this ad impofed on paper, millboards, pafieboards, and fcaleboards, is paid by the maker, if any quantity of paper, millboards, pafte-boards, or fcaleboards, (hall unfortunately happen to be damaged by the cafling away or finking of the barge or veflel in which the laid paper, millboards, pafieboards, or fcaleboards, (hall be tranfported frotri one part of this kingdom to another within the fame, that the jufiices of the peace of the county, riding, or divifion, where fuch accident (hall happen, (hall at the next general quarter feffions to be held for fuch county, riding, or divifion, upon proof of fuch damage, and of payment of the duties as aforefaid, determine and fettle the quantity of the damage done to fuch paper, millboards, pafieboards, or fcaleboards, by the calling away or finking of the barge or veflel in which the fame (hall be tranfported as aforefaid, and an allowance to be made in refpedt thereof, and to give a certificate under their bands and Teals of the fum allowed, which allowance (hall bear

the

Digitized by

Google

1781.] Anno videfirao primo Georoii III. c. 24,	233

the feme proportion to the whole duties as the faid damage (hall appear to bear to due v*lue of fhe faid paper, millboards, pafte-boards, or fcaleboards, before the fame was fo damaged > upon producing of which certificate to the officer appointed tocolloft the (aid duties, he (hall be obliged to repay or allow to the faid proprietor or proprietors, out of the duties paid for the fatd paper, millboards, paftefatiards, or (cateboards, fo much money as the him certified fay the faid juftices (haH amount unto, or, in default thereof; that the proprietor or proprietors of the (aid paper, millboards, pafteboards, or fcaleboards, (hall and may deduct the allowance fo certified out of the next or any other fubfequent monies becoming due from fcich proprietor or proprietors by virtue of this prefent a6L

XIX.	Provided always, and k is hereby enafled by thc authority aforefaid, - That where any fuch lofs or damage (hall Notice to be happen as aforefatd, the perfon or pcrfbns who (hall fuftain the f^e&or pre-fame (hall, three days *at Lead before the next quarter fefiions, vj0o» to the* give or leave notice in writing thereof with the collector of .ex- application to cife of the diftri& oT coUodion where fuch loft or damage (hall the quarter happen, andofhisaod their intention of applying, at the next few01** general quarter feffions of the peace, for an allowance in refpeft

of fisch damage or lofs.

XX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That, from and after the (aid twenty-firft day of Mayy one Paper-makers thoufand (even hundred and eighty-One, every fuch maker of to givc notice paper, whole wockheufe or workhoufea is or are fituate in any ^^tohave1* city or market town, (hall, at lead twenty-four hours before be ^eir paper, intends to remove any paper, pafteboard, millboard, or. (calc- Sec. charged board, give, or caufe to be given, to the officer of excife under with the duty, whole furwey fuch maker of paper (hall then be, a notice in writing of tfad particular hour or time of thc day when he or (he intends to have his or her paper, pafteboard, millboard, or fcalc-board, charged, with the duty; and every, other maker of paper, whofo worfchoufe or workhoufea it not xx are not fituate in any city or market town, (hall, at leaft forty-eight hours before he or (he intends to move any paper, give, or caufe.to be given, a like notice ia writing; and in cafe any fuch maker of paper (hall not, at the hour and time mentioned in fuch notice, or within doe hour after; produce to the officer all the paper, pafteboard, millboard, and fealeboard,. then to be changed with the duty, then every fuch notice (hall be, and is hereby declared to be, null and void, and every fuch; maker.of paper (hall be obliged to give a fteih and like notice before he or (he (hall fo remove any fitch goods.

XXL And it isliereby further enacted by the authority afore- Officers to str (aid. That the officer for the duties on paper (hall, from time to agweaUe time, attend agreeable to the notice to be given asaforefaid; and 0 notw* * when and fo foon as foch officer (hall bp at fuch wotkboufe, or when the Within one hout after, every fuch maker of papteh, Or his of her are fcrvant or fervants, (hall, and they are hereby required to pfd- the?rftock in-4u?e aqd bring to fueh. officer all the pkper, pafteboard; mill* tended to be *

R 4	boards charged;

?3*

Penalty on paper-makers who lhall fraudulently mark any ream or bundle of pa-, per brought to the officer to be charged*

Officer to (lamp fuch as are juftly marked.

Penalty on obftrocting officer in examining bundles* &c, •

Paper maker*

to keep fuch paper, #-*1

Anne vlccfimo primo Georgii 111: c. *4. £ 17?t.

board, and fealeboard, then intended to be charged; which pa-•per (hall be brought indofed and tied up with ftrong thread or Axing, in feveral coarfe covers or wrappers, containing one ream nr 'bundle of paper each, and not more or lefs; and on each fuch cover or wrapper there (hall already be marked or printed* by the maker of fiich paper, or by his or her fervent, i» large legible characters, and in words at length, thetruedenomitsation ot the paper therein inclofed, and in which table the lame is rat* ed, if fuch paper be an enumerated paper ; and if fuch;paper* fo inclofed, be not an enumerated paper then the true-value of fuch paper (hall be markedor printed in manner as aforefaid on the cover orwrapper inclofing the fame.

XXII. And, to prevent frauds which may bepradtifed by makers of paper, in not putting the true denominations or values refpedtively on fuch covers or wrappers, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the officer for the duties on paper, at all times, when any Teams or bundles of paper, tied up in wrappers or covers and marked as aforefaid, (hall be brought to him to be charged, to untie and open every or any of the faid reams or bundles, and ;to take from, and out of any of the quires* ip every fuch ream or bundle, by way of fample, one or more (heet or (heets of paper, not exceeding one (heet out of each quire, paying (if demanded) for each (heet, to.taken away* the fom of one penny ; and if fuch officer (hall iffifeover in any fuch ream or bundle any paper or papers of a different denomination, or of different value, than was mark* ed by the maker, or his fervant, on the f cover.or wrapper in which.fiich paper was refpe&ively inclofed, then and in fuch cafe every fuch ream and bundle refpeifkiveJy (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be Teheed by fuch offeree; and the maker of fuch paper fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit aqd Jofb the fum of fifty pounds. .	.0	:	.

XXIil. And be it further enabled, That when and fo foonas the officer attending to charge (uch paper (hail befatisfied,that each ream and bundle of paper fo broughttobe charged ^properly tied and inclofed, and that the paper therein.is.really of the denomination or value marked on the coyeror wrapper, he fhall. forth with (lamp or mark each and every fuch ream and bundle, by affixing thereon fuch mark, (lamp, impreffion, or device, as the refpe&ive conunifltoners of excife (hall diredt or appoint for that purpofe.

XXIV.’ And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons.fhall obftrudl or hinder any fuch officer opening or examining any fuch ream-or bundle of paper, or in taking fuch famples as aforefaid, or in executing any of the powers or authorities by this adl given and granted, he, (he, or they (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

XX Vw And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every ipaker of paper as aforefaid (hall, from time to time, keep all ttie paptr, part e board, millboard, and fcalcboard, by

, •	-	hi	ip,

Digitized by Google

1781.) Anrio rtccfimo pwiQ Gkorgh 111.-0*24.	135

him, her, or them refpedively madev and which (hall not have hat not been been charged and (parked 3s afprpfaid by the officer for the du-ties on paper, feparate and apart froqi all other paper and other from all** commodities aforefaid which hatjfi bfeo charged and. marked by other (tock the (aid officer, for the (pace of. forty-eight hours after making which has the fame fit for ufe, unlefs fuch, paper and other the; goods lad- * tnbchArg!?# mentioned (hall have been fooner charged and walked by the faer/ ^

(aid officer, on pain of forfeiting tfieTum of twenty pojindsfor , each offence., :	.	; t >

XXVI.	And berit furtherenaded by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on

That if any fuch: maker of paper ffiajl fraudulently hide or con- fraudulently ceal,or caufe to be hid or concealed apy paper, pafteboard, mill- coiurealmr ; board, or fcaleboard, chargpabieby this ad, or any materials for	2j?~'r

nuking the fame,,to the intent to deprive his Majeftv of his any materia!* juft duties by this ad granted, the party fo;offending (nallj.fpr for making ' every fuch offence, forfeit and lofethe Aim of fifty pounds ; the fame, and all paperr paft^hoard, millboard* and fealeboard, whether

periled or imperfe&» ?nd all materials and uteniils for making ihelame, which dull be found, fo concealed, or which (hall be found and difeovered in aqy privateyvorkboufe, warehouse, dryr ingrpom, or other place, for making, keeping, or dryiqg thp lame, for which nq entry.ffiall-be made, or notice given,; as by the (tatutes in Xpch c*fe made is required*.fh$)l be forfeited, an4 (hailed may be feiz^d by any^ qfficek^dr Officers.of, excife. ;

XXVII.	And be h further enstded by the authority afqrefaid, The whole

That all the paper, pafteboard, mjJlboard,and fealeboard, and all ftock in trade the materials and, utenfils for the making thereof, in the jcuftody ofpapw^mak-of m makeror. ma^css thereof, pr pf «ny perfon or p,rf«>s to ^£a|, tfiepfeof, ortn truft for them^pr qpyof them, (hall b4qj liable amj duties on am) fuj>jed to, and arehereby madech ratable with, ail the debts paper, pafte-204! duties for p?per, p^ftehoard, miUhbsn df and fealeboard made,	,

in^rrear and^jqgby fuch ma&ei; 0^makers for any fuchgoqds ®adcbyt“e,n^ forjoade by him, pgr, or them, or in his, her, or thejr work-

houfe, warchpyfe, qrptfier place; apd ,(hall alfcT be . fubjeA to all penalties and(Qf|citi)res incurred by fuch maker or makers of paper, pr other perionfo uGng fuch wQrkhoufe or other place, for any offence ag^inft this ad relating to the faid duties, on paper, pafteboard, millboard, and fealeboard j and it (hall and may be .lawful in all fuch cafes to.k*y ,;tfebts and penalties* ape} fuch proceedings .as may lawfully be dqne in relation tojpaper,	];r

ia^tfie; debtors or offenders were true lawful Owners-or the (amef .	#	1

XX,VIIJ. And be it further criaded by the authority afore- Com million-fcid, That the commrifioncrs for managing; the duties on p*per ers to provide made in Gnat Britain (hall, on or,before the twenty-firft day of ftamps for May, one thousand (even hundred and eighty-one, provide pro- camping fuch per ftamps, marks,fitppre(Iions, or devices, for marking or (lamp- j^J, °bc ing of all paper tp.be made in Gnat.Britain, and by this ad duty is paid; direded to be (lamped or marked, to denote the duties charged thereon; and (ball caufe fuch (lamps, marks, impfeffions or devices, to be diftributed to the refpedivc officers for ;he pur-a	pofes

Digitized by Google

and alfo different ft amp* for tamping aU lock-in hand made before the commencement of this

a&, r

All paper, at the end of two months from the commencement of this ad, that (halt be removed from one place to another without a proper ftamp, (hall be forfeited.

Penalty on counterfeiting any ftamp made in

Anno ricefim© prinio GEORGli Ilf. C. 24.	£ 17J r,

poles before mentioned, which officers are hereby enjoined ami required, in doing the fame, to do no hurt or damage to the pa* per inclofed in any ream or bundle to be fo marked or (tamped; which marks, impreffions, or devices, or anyof them, fhall and may, from time to time, be varied or altered as the faid refpeft* ive commi(fioners (hall judge to be moft proper for the pw* pofes aforefaid.

XXIX.	And, for the mote effectual fecuring the duties by this aft granted, and to the end that the paper made in Grtci Britain before the commencement of this aft may net he improperly feized, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the refpeftive commiffioners of excife (hall, on or before the twenty-firft day of May, one thoufartd feven hundred and eighty-one, provide proper marks or (lanips for marking *H (lock of paper in the hands of any maker or makers of paper, or in the hands of any other perfon of perfon* for their ufe, and (hall at aH times, within two months from the commencement of this aft, at the requeft and defire of any fuch maker or makers of paper, order and direft the proper officer for the dta-ties on paper to (lamp or tnark each and every ream and bundle of paper which (hall have befen made in Great Britain at my titne before the commencement of this aft, and then remaining in the cuftody or poffeffion of fuch maker or makers, or of any other perfon or perfonsfor (heir ufe, with fuch mark, ftamp, impreffion, or device, as to fuch commiffiohers (hall appear mod proper for that purpofe; fuch Mark, impreffion, ftamp or device, differing from the mark, (bmp, impreffion, dr device, hereby dirCfted to be provided for damping and marking paper made after the faid twenty-fitft day of May onethoufand feveq hundred and eighty-one; proof being firft made, tipOn oath, that all fuch paper was really and few pit made in Great Britain before the commencement of this aft, and that the duties lave been duly charged thereon; and all paper (b marked and (tamped, in purfuance of fuch orders and dirtftions, fhsll and maybe removed, fold, and difpofed of, in like matinef as if the fame had been made fince the commencement of this aft, and aH the direftions thereof fully complied with, any thing in this aft tq the contrary notwithflanding.

XXX.	And it is hereby fort her enafted by the authority afordaid, That, from and after the end of the fajd two months, ail paper in reams or bundles,' that (hall be found removing from one place to another within this kingdom, without foot refpeftive marks, ftamps, impreffion, or device, as afordaid, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife who Stall fo difeover or find the fame.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afordaid, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall at any time counterfeit, or caufe to be counterfeited or forged, any fuch ftamp, mark, Impreffion, or device, which (hall be provided and made ufe of in purfuance of this aft; of (hall utter, vend, or feH, any paper with fuch counterfeit, ftamp, mark, impreffion, or device

''	thereon,

Digitized by Google

1781.] Anno Vicefimo primo Geougii HI. c. 44.'

•hereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited; or (hall, upon f“»nce®f|jhi* any ream or bundle of paper which has not been duly entered k“,n8 with the proper officer, and for which the duties have been du- m£Jced witha ly charged, fix or place any cover or wrapper, having thereon counterfeit the impreffion of any ftich ftamp, mark, imprelfion, or device j ttai“P>4iC* or (hall, wrap or cover any ream or bundle of fuch paper in any cover or wrapper that had been ufed before; then' every fuch , perfon fo offending therein (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit .. .. and lofe the fum of live hundred pounds, dnd (hall alfo be com-	•..:	„ - •

mitted to the next county gaol, there to rem'ain for twelve months	’ "

without bail or ffiainpnze.

XXXII.	Arid be it further enaCted by the authority afore-

faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or board) &c. tor perfons who (hall have actually .paid his Majefty’s duties by this which t*«e da-ad payable upon paper, pafteboard, millboard, or fcuteboard, ne* have been made in Great Britain; and to and for any other perfon and pawed)on perfons who (hall buy, or be lawfully intirted unto, any fuch pa- gim^toeurity per or goods lad mentioned, fo made in Great Britain, from the that it (bail perfon or perfons who a&ualty paid the duties for, the fame, to **® rc**n“* export fuch paper, paftcboard, millboard, or fcaleboard, to any * ‘ puts beyond the Teas by way of nVerchandiiti giving'urfficient fecurity before the (hipping thereof, that the particular quantity fo intended to be exported, and every part thereof, (ball be (hipped and exported, and not be relanded or brought again into any part of Great Britain; which fecuritV the collector at the port of exportation (hall take in his Majefty’s name, and to his

tife.	-

XXXIII. Provided always, That if, after the (hipping of1	' any fuch paper, or other commodities laft-mentioned, and (lib p^er^Sc be

^or tendering fuch fecurity as aforefaidi in Order to obtain islanded in rawback herein-after mentioned, the fame, or aqypart Great Britain, thereof, (hall berelandcd in any part of Great Britain, 4>acthen h.lhidl be far-and in every fuCh cafe, over aha above the penalty of thehond, ft,ted* which fliati be recovered and levied to his Majefty’s uft, all the hid paper and commodities Which (hall bp foyrel?Aded, or	.

the value thereof, (hall be forfeited.

XXXIV.	And it is hereby ertaCted, That the perfon who Drawback to (hall fo export any fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, or fcale- beafiowedon board, as aforefaid, (hall or may make proof upon path or by tfoanation refpeCtively, as aforelaid, that the duties thereof have MfteboanC * btttf paid, (which oath or affirmation the collector who received sc. on the «-thie uid duties is hereby impowered and required to adminifier) j portwVnwk-snd thereupon the collector or commiffioner df the faid port SI of exportation (hall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, paid, exprefling the true qualities and kind of the commodities fo exposed i and the exportation thereof being certified jay the Marcher upon the faid debenture, the collector of cyclic appointed to receive the duties upon paper^fo the county or place where the lame was exported, upon producing the (aid debenture fo certified to him, (hall forthwith pay, to the perfon fo exporting the foae, op hie agent, the whole of the duties which had been paid

C#

Digitized by

3y Google

^38	Anno	vjccfirno	primoGEORGlt	HL	G.24. f 1781-

^ for the faid paper fo exported as aforefaid ;,apd if fuch colleftor Yhal) not have mpney, iq his.hands to pay fuch debenture, then the refpeftive comapiffioners for,the duties on paper are hereby required to pay, or caufe tp be. paid, the faid debenture, out of / , v any monies arifihg from thedupes impofed by tips a ft on paper made m* Great Britain.

XXXV.	And, the more effectuallyto prevent, the relanding Exporter to fuch .paper, be it further epafted by the authority aforefaid, theVw/of- That, from and after the t^pfy-firft day of May^ one thoufand ficerof the feyen hundred and eighty-ooe*.all and every perfon that (ball cuftoms when export any paper for which a drawback is to be allowed by this and where he aft* fh^H, before he qr they (hip any fuch papery give notice in the*^s^‘ writing tp the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, to be ^exported* appointed by the refpeftiVe eommiffioners of the cuftoms for .. that purpofe, when and wherjfbe will put up the faid goods in ' order to be exported; anefthe laid commifliioners of the cuftoms Dirc&ion* for ^ hereby im'powered and direfted to caufe fuch officers to take bdo^afficera. cafe t0tee that tlie ftamp, mark, impreflion, or device, put on . K . eac^ ream or bundle of paper, according to the direftions of ^ this aft* J>e taken off from every ream pr bundle fo intended to be" exp^rted^ aria the faid qfficet (hall take an account of the quanthrcf anjd ^mds of the gopd$ fo intendpd^tpbe exported, fcnd.mSlceq^urp thereof to the officer that (hall be appointed by the faid cbiWfiffionerV to receive the fame* without fee or reward for fo doing.	,

XXXVL Arid be it further enafted by the. apthprity afore-

ing (baIJ,/pr every fuch offence reflectively, Forfeit and lofe the fum oT fifty bpundi.

..	* ^XXVII. 'And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-

AU the powers faid, Tljat all *nd every, the powers, direftions, rules* penalties, granted by forfeiture?, ftiiUfe$*iriatters. and things, which In arid by an aft, for^evvlnx made in the* twelfth year oi the reign of ifcirig Charles the Sc-coJlo6bpg,4w. cond, (intituled* An a£l fir ’ taking away the, eoiir^ of wards and the duties of tiveriis, and tenures }n crfpite arid by knights fervice% and purveyance excife on beer, end for fettling a revenue upon bfofyldjejiy in lieu thereof), or by be * ra&ifaHn *^y other law^riaw in force relating to his MajeftyV revenue pf

otherpenahies orprovifions arelpade and prefcHbed by this aft), (half be pfaftjfed,' Ufed? ahd’butVm execution, in and for the managing, Yaiflng, levying, cpfle$irig, mitigating, recovering apd paying the faid duties upori papef,ahd othtir the commodities laft fflenfidhed, hereby''grafted, is fully arid effectually as if all and every the faid powers,‘rules, direftions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, tnatters, ind things, werp particularly repeated fo this prefem aft; .	XXXVIII.	And

Digitized by v^ooQie

1781.] :/$nho Vieefimo pfiche OsoRtni IfR C.44.	fj9

XXXVIII.	And be!it farther enafted by the authority a fore-

feid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in relation to the Penalties and

faid duties by this aft impofed upon paper, and upon pafteboard,:

millboard, and fcaleboard, fhall bofuerf for, levied, recoveted, or Covered and

mitigated, by fuch ways, means and methods, as any penalty or applied.

forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws

ofexcife, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in

any of his Majeft/s Courts of record at WeJlminJitK or in the

court of felfion, court of judiciary* or court of exchequer, of

Scotland refpeftivcty, as aforefaid* arid that one moiety of every

fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (the faid penalty on'thef officer »

for not giving or leaving a copy of his charge as aforefaid, only

excepted) (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs-and focceflbrs, and

the other moiety to him or theitt that (halt dtfeover, inform, or

fuefor the fame. j .	)	,; ;	*	*	r** . _ '

XXXIX.	Provided always, and it is hereby eifoftefd, That CommifRoners

fuch perfons as in purfuancoof this aft fhall be comihiffioners under this aft for the faid duties on the fever?! forts of -paper, andothetthe England, commodities lafl mentioned, to be toad* in England^ Wales', 2nd ^e°^wera the town of Berwict'vpon Tweed, (hall h&tetheftracjurifiiiftiort, as the com-power, and authority, and -may adjudge;? determine, mitigate, miffioners of and order, in all cafes and matters relating to the* fame duties excifeupon arifing within the limits aforefaid, as the commiffioner9 of ex-	°*"cr

eifeupon beer and other liquora may or can lawfully exercife, q adjudge, determine,'mitigate, or order, in the like ©afosor-mat-

ters in relation to the fold duties of excife, by any lave4>r statute now in force.

XL. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, for the encouragement of learning, fo much A drawback money as (hall from time to time be paid for the: duties granted to be allowed by this aft for any quantities of paper which (hall be ufod in the printing any books in the Latin, Greet, oriental, or northern cambridgefor languages, within the two Univerfitiea of Oxford and Cambridge, all books they or either of them, by permiffion of .the vicechancellors of the (hall print In fame refpeftively, (hall and may be drawn back and repaid in Latin, Greek,, manner following; (that is to fay), The chief manager of the &c* prefe in each of the faid univerfuies, (hall and may from time to time make proof by oath, in writing, before the vicechancellor, who is hereby impowered to adminiftcr the fame, expreffing therein the kinds and quantities of the paper fo ufed, anefhow much the duties thereof, payable*hy this aft, doth-amount to; which faid oath in writing being certified by the vicechancellor, and produced to the lord treafurer, or commiffioners of the trea- t fury for the time being, the faid lord treafurer^ or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, ihall forthwith from* time to time iflue his or their orders or warrants to the refpeftive commiffioners who.by this aft are to manage the duties upon paper,* to caufe payments be madcof fuch money as thedu-tics payable by this aft for the paper fo ufed in the printing of	J

the laid books in the faid univerfuies as aforefaid (hall amount % to, the fame payment to be made, without fee or charge what-

foever.

Digitized by Google

*49	Anno	tkxfitrto prim© Georgii III. C. 14.	[178T.

fotver, and without delay, to fuch perfon or perfons at the faid refpedive vicechancellors (hall authorize and appoint to receive the (ante, out of any of the duties upon paper anting by this ad j any thing in this aid contained to the , contrary notwitb-' (landing.

XLl. Provided always*, and be it ena&ed by the authority Drawback to aforefaid, That, for the encouragement of learning* (o much as be allowed the (hall from time to tinscbe paid for the duties granted,by this ad Scotlandfor ^or any <lu*nt‘t'** of paper which (hall be uied in the printing all frwfrt they any books in the Latin, Goriental, or northern languages, ihsil print in within the univerfities of Stetland, or any of them, by perroijfion Latin, Greek, of the principal of the fame refpedively, (hall and may be drawn ***	bank and repaid in manner following $ (that ,is to fay). The

chief manager of the profs in the faid univerfities (hall and may from time to time make proof by oath, in writing, before tbe principal, who is hereby impowered to admihiftcr the fame, ex-preffing therein the kinds and quantities of the paper fo ufed, and how much the duty thereof payable by this ad doth amount to t which oath in writing being certified by the faid principal and produced, the lord treafiirer of Greet Britain, or the lords commiffioncrs of tbe treafury for the time being, (hall forthwith, from time to time, ifliie his or tbeir orders or warrants, to the refpe&ivc commiffioners who by this ad are to manage the duties upon paper, to caufe payment to be made of fo much monies as the duties upon the paper fo ufed in the printing of the (aid hooka in the fiud univerfities of Stetland (hall amount to j the lame payments to be made, without any fee or charge what-foever, and without delay, fofach perfon or perfons as tbe faid refpedive principals (hall authorize and appoint to receive the fame, out of any of the duties upon paper arifing by this ad in Stetland; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

Mteboard XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That "hidiha?Midi pe^^oa^ made in Great Britain of paper which (hall have paid die duty, not the duties charged and chargeable by this ad, (hall not be to be charged charged with any further or other duties, by virtue of this ad, again. upon the pafting or annexing together the (heets of fuch paper, and its receiving thereby the denomination of palteboard or pafied paper.

Perfons fued XLIII. And it i* hereby etiaded. That if any perfon or per.

f°°s	**	molefted, or profecuted, for any thing done

may plead’the ty yhtue or in purfuance of this ad, fuch perfon and perfons general ilTue, (hall and may plead the general iffue, and (hall give this ad and the fpeeial matter in evidence; and if afterwards a verdid (hall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff (hall dil-continue his adion, or be nonfoited, or judgment (hall be given* againft him upon demurrer or otherwiie, then fuch defendant and recover or defendants (halt have treble coda to him.er them awarded treble colts. sgainft fuch plaintiff'.

TABLES

Digitized by

Google

TABLES mentioned and referred to in this Aft.

FIRST TABLE.		YaliW/<rRt*fn,			Not exceeding		Duty	
			and		tne		fir	
DENOMINATION.	-	- upwards.			pimenfions of		Ream. \	
WUTIKO.		c		4.	Inches Inches		/-	<L
Imperial — —	—	1 .	11	0	it by 304		9	0
Super Royal ~ —	—	1	18		>9f	*7 i	6	9
Royal — —	—	1	9	0	*7f	24,	5'	0
Medium — —	——	1	2	.6		2*1	4	0
Demy —	—	0	16	.0		20	2	9
Thick Poft — ; —	—	0	>3	0	«Sf	>9t	2	3
Thin Poft — —	—	0	10	0.	‘if	*?l	1	9
Small Poft. — —	—	0	7	6	*3?	16!	I	3
Pools Cap —	—	0	?	0	*3?	>6*	1	6
Pott — —		0	6	0	its	*5*	1	0
SECOND TABLE.							1 - :	
Writing or Copper-plats								
Printing,								
Doable Atlas — —	—	*5	0'	0	55	3'i	30	0
Deaf — —	—	0	ta	e ■		20	1	9
Copy, or Baftard —	—	0	7	6	16	2°i	1	0
FooUCap — —	—	0	6	0	i3i	i6|	0	10
Littris Fools Cap —	—	0	6	0	13 i	*7i	0	10
Pott : -* • —		6	4.	0.	12|	151	0	8
Grad Eagle, or Double Elephant		4	•  P	0	26i	40	11	0
Lolombicr — —		2	(O	0	*3t	34t	7	0
Atlas — —	—	3	0	0	z6i	34	10	0
Atlas — —	—	2	0	0	26^	34	6	6
Small Atlas — —	—	1	10	0	i;	3«	5	0
Imperial — —		1	10	0	22	3o4	4	9
Soper. Royal — —	—	1	5	0	i9i	*7»	3	6
Long Royal — —		1	0	0	27i	it	3	0
Royal — —•	—	0	18	0	i9i	*4	2	6
Demy — —	—	0	ij	0	17	22	1	9
Short Demy, or Crowns —	j	0	9	0	514  < or	toil	1	3
	L	_ _			I lS	20 S		
Large Fan —  Small Fan — —		0  0	H 11	0  0	*3i  aa«	2Qi  13i	2  1	0  6
Elephant •— —	—	0	«S	0	*3	*28	2	3
Paper for Bank or Bankers Bills								
ear Notes, allowing Two Bills or Notes in each Sheet, and fo in								
Proportion for any greater	or		v					
leu Number of Buis or Notes								
in each Sheet, —							2	0



Digitized by (^.ooQle

THIRD TABLE.  DENOMINATION.  •' '1 j	- ^ Value ter Bundle, and upwards.			f •  Not exceeding Dimenfions of		Duty  F  Bundle.	
Printing.	c	J. .	d.	Inches Inches		/.	i
Double Demy — — —	T	iB	0	26	t>y 3*r	s	6
Royal — —	1	1 4	— 0	C*9i		3	6
I  Royal inferior — — —	O	n	0	Jao	26 3 *4?	1	0
Medium — —- —	1	' 0	—0	>8.	*3-	t	9
Demy Single — —|	O	*7	- -0	f7:	—22 1  or ,c	t	6
Demy inferior •— —	O	VO	0	*7*	-82	1	
Double Crown — — —	O	17	-0	20-	30	2	.«
Double Crown inferior — —	O	12	0	20	30	1	si
Single Crown — — —	O	*3	0	‘S	20	2	a
Single Crown inferior — —	O	8	0	>5	20	t	J
Demy TilTue — — —	0	8	O:	: >7i	• 22	1	}
Crown Tiflue — —	O	5	O	>s	20	0	19
Double Pott — — —	0	9	O	*7		1	6
FOURTH TABLE.			--		-	D*«I	
Ordinary and Coloured. Cartridge — — —			--	21	26	Re  I	ft  IN*.  «
Cartridge Square — —	’ -			*4i	2Si	2	&  6  I
Cartridge — — Elephant common — —	—*		—	*3,	*4  2*"	1  1	
Sugar Blue — —	—		—	2li	33	2	c
Sugar Blue, fmaller Size —	—		' —	- 18J	*7	1	1
Sugar Blue, Demy Size —	—		—	*7*	n	1	
Sugar Blue, Crown Size —>			—	>5	20	1	
Purple Royal — —	—		*—	»9i	*4*	1	9
Blue Elephant — —				33	28	1	
Blue Royal — —						2	*
Blue Demy and Bloflom —	—		• p—	17	22	i	
Blue Crown Single — •			:	*S  T ,	20	0	



Digitized by Google

FIFTH TABLE.  DENOMINATION.	Not exceeding the  Dimensions of	Duty  Ream.	
, Whited Browns, and Browks.			
	Inches Inches		4.
Royal Hand Thick — ~ —	24 by 19^	0 10  sirBundle.	
Royal Hand — — — —	24 igi	1	0
Lumber Hand — — — ' — —	23 l8	1	0
Double Two Pound — — —	, 24 l6	.0	9
Single Two Pound — — —• —	l6 II	0	4
^Middle Hand Double •— —	33 21	1	6
Middle Hand — — — —	22 16	0	9
Small Hand Double — — — —	32 20	1	0
Small Hand — — — —	»9i *6 f 12 IO 7	0	6
Couples Pound and Half Pound — —	3 and t  C 9 713	0  per R	4  earn.
Imperial Cap — — — ; ‘ —	29 22	1	0
Ha von Cap — — — —	24 20	0	9
a»g Cap — — — —	23t >9	0	8
Kentifh Cap — — — —	21 18	0	6
Four Pounds — — — —. —	20 16	0	6
Small Cap — — — —	20 15 33 ao	0	* 4
. ^Double Four Pounds — — —		1	0
- Single Two Pounds ■ — —* — —	16 - . it  f 12 10 7	SjrBundle.	
		0 I	6
Couples Pound and Half Pound — —	3 and t	0	14.
Paiteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and Glazed	I 9 7*3	per Hund. Weight.	
Paper for Clothiers and Hot-prefTers — —  .		+ 1	1 6

Vot. XXXIIt.	S	CAP.

Digitized by

Z44	Am®	vicefiraoprhno Georgii III. c.25,26. [17S1.

CAP. XXV.

An a£t to indemnify fuch perfont as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments j and Co indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, Who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time lor thole purpofes $ and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiflions have been omitted to be itamped according to law* or* Jiaving been damped, have been tailor roiflaid j and for allowing them time to provide admiflions duly damped ; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits oi the execution of indentures of clerks to attormes and folicltort.

Preamble. Perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves agreeable to A& 1 Geo. 1, Aft 13 Car. z. Ad 15 Car. a, Ad 30 Car. a, Ad 8 Geo. 1, Ad-9 Geo. a» Ad x8 Geo. 1* and a£t.6_Geo. 3,. before the parting of this ad; and who fhall, on or before Dec. 15, 178s, qualify themfelves, fhiU be ipdemnified againft forfeitures. Not to indemnify any perfon lor any penalty incurred by negleding'to qualify himfelf. Not to exempt juftices adihg without legal qualification. Perfons producing appointment* and admiflions before Dec. S5, 17*1, (hall be confirmed, and qualified to ad as clerk, officer, or member of corporations, See. may enjoy all offices into which they have been ele&ed; and rtiall be-indemnified Irons all pdiaities and damages incurred by reafon of omiffions. v_hlot to expend toreftore "perfons to atw office avoided by judgement. Perfons who (hall camfe affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas term, 1781* aoe indemnified and discharged from penalties. Perfons profecutcd, and hereby meant to be la-demnified, may plead the general mue.

CAP. XXVI.

,	An aft to permit goods, theproduft or manufacture of certain placet

within the Levant or Mediterranean feas, to be imported into Great Britain, or Ireland m Britifh or foreign vejjek from any place whatfoever; and for laying a duty on cotton and cotton wool -imported into this kingdom in foreign /hips orvtfels, during lie prefent hojlilities.

Preamble. TTT HEREAS bywi aft ofparliment made in the twelfth year Recital of the VV of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An a<4 navigation aft for the encouraging andlncreafing of (hipping and navigation, is Car. a. all goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture* of Africa, Afia, or America, or any part thereof are to be imported and brought into the kingdom of England, Ireland, or Wales, the ijlanis of Guernfey and Jerfey, or town of Bar wick upon Tweed* » Englifh-built Ihipping, or other Jhipping belonging to fome of the aforefatd places, whereof the mafler, and three fourths of the mariners at leaf, are Englifh, and are not to be Jbippedand brought fromaOt other place or places, country or countries, but only from thofe of tap faid growth, production, or manufacture, or from thofe ports when the Jaid goods and commodities can only, or are, or ufually have been firf Jbipped for tranfportation, and from none other places or countries, under the penalty and forfeiture of the fhip and goods, excepting in fome particular cafes provided by the faid aCl: and whereas, by the find in part recited aft, it is alfo enacted. That no goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Mufcovy, or of .. .	a	any

Digitized by

Google

tyB1#] Anno viceflmo prime Georgii III. c. 26.	245

fifty f the countries, dominion;, or territories, to the great duke or

emperor of Mbfcovy or Ruflia belonging; as dlfo that no fitts of	/	’

jmf s, timber, or boards \ no'foreign fap,piteh,iar, rofm,bemp, or

fiax, raiJins/fgSy prunes, ol 'rbe oils; no fort of corn or gttiin*fugaV't

pot-ajhes, wines, vinegar, or/pints caned Aqiia Vitae, or Brandy

Wine, flail be imported into England, Ireland, Wdlesi of tMn

Berwick upon Tweed, inanf /hip dr flips, Vejfil or vtfehibul ih	'1

facb as do truly, and without fraud, belong to the people thertbf, dr

feme <rf them, as the true owners and proprietors thereof, and whereof	#	<	>•'

the ntafler, and three fourths of the mariners at' leafl, dr* Edgltfh ;

and that no currants, or commodities of the. growth, product, or met* ,

nufafture, of any of the countries, ijlands, domtnbns, or territories^	.

to the Ottoman or Turkirti empire belonging, flail be imported into

any of the fore-mentioned places in any flip or vejfclbtit Which dr of

JLnpjfti-bjtilt, and navigated as cfoYe/aid, and in no Otherr esieepiokt)

facb foreign flips and vejfelsas are of the built of that country Ot place

of which the fatd goods are the growth, product tort, or manufacture

refpeftively, or of fuch port where the /aid goods’can only be, *or mojl

ujually are firfl flipped for tranfportatibn, ahd Whereof the dndferi

and three fourths of the mariners at leaf, are of the /aid country tir	‘	•

place, under the penalty and forfeiture of flip and goods e and where*

as fever/A of the articles in the jdid aft, and heiyw^before particularly	.	r

enumerated, being the growth Or production Of fibte bf the plates or •	.....

ibutftfies Within the Levant or Mediterraneanfins, cannot be now imported direftlyfrom thence jVBritifh vejfils without great hazard of	•

capture by the enemies, and much expence'of infirame to the merchants trading tokthis kingdom \ and 'it has been found ncccffary, during 4he r- :	•

pnfehl bo/Iilities with France, Spain, and ihe fates general of the United Provinces,^ temporary laws which are now in forte, to fit* fpetid, in fome degree, theflrift regulations prtferibed by thefaid recited aft ; and'it'isfurther expedient, for the encouragement of trade arid the increafe ofthe publick revenue, to permit, for a limited time, ten* dtr certain ‘refriftiotis, various articles of the growth, productions or maniffafture,, of Turkey or Egypt, and other goods and commodities V>bich are enumerated in the before recited aft, which are of the growths ptoduft, or manufacture, of places or countries within the Streighrs or Levant Jeas, to be imported into this kingdomV or thg kingdom of Ireland, in foreign vefjels, although fuch goods are not flipped and brought dir eftly from the place or country of their growth, production, or. manufacture, or from the ports or places from whence fuch goods are, or ufually have been, firf flapped for tranfportation : may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and bfe it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and cothmons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of June, After June t, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty ope, it (hall and may be 17**1 lawful for any perfon or perfons admitted into, and made free ^ of, the company of merchants of England trading into the Levant comp?mrmay feas, commonly called or known by the name of The Turkey injportinto Company, to import into Great Britain or Inland any goods or Gicat Britain

§ 2	com-	gc	tolacd	an

Digitized by v^ooQle



Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 2	[1781*

jefty.

What duties (hall be paid for goods fo imported.

goods ufually commodities which have heretofore ufually been imported from imported from 7#^ or Egypt) or from any place within the dominions of the eitherTn Bri- grand feignior within the Levant Teas, in any (hip or veflel built tiOi (hips, or or belonging to. Great Britain or Ireland, navigated accord-fliips belong- ing to law; or ip any (hip or veffel belonging to any kingdom or jug to any ftate jn amity with his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, navigated with his^a? f°rc*6n feamen, from anv port or place whatfoever, upon payment of the fame duties, it imported into Great Britain, as the like goods would be fubiedt and liable to if imported in Briti/b (hips dire&ly from the place of their growth, production, or manufacture; but if fuch goods (hall be imported in any foreign-built (hip or veflel, then, and in fuch cafe, the goods fo imported (hall be fubject to the aliens duties, if fuch goods would have been fubjedt and liable thereto if this act had not been made; any thing in the faid recited ad, or any other act or ads of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IL Provided always, and ft is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no entry (hall be fuffeted to pafs at the cuftom-boufe for any fuch goods of the growth, produdion, or manufadure of Turkey or Egypt, or of any of the dominions of the grand feignior, as before the firft day oijune* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, might be imported only from fuch ports or places in the Streigbti or Levant feas as are' within ^ ^ ^ the dominions of the grand feignior, and which, by the autho-ing free rity of this ad, are permitted to be imported in manner afore-; Turkey faid, until the perfon importing or entering the fame /hall produce to the coliedor, or other proper officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, at the port of importation, a certificate, under the hand of the coliedor of the duties for the faid Turkey company, certifying fuch perfon is free of the (aid company, and that he has paid the duties impofed on fuch goods by the faid company, and has conformed in all refpeds to the rules and regulations of the faid company relative thereto.

III.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-one, any goods or commodities of the growth, produd, or manufadure of any place or country within the Streigbti or Levant feas, which have been heretofore ufually imported from any port or place in Europe, within the (heights of Gibraltar, except fuch goods or commodities as • 1*=- might heretofore be imported only from fuch ports or places as ionging to any *re within the dominions of the grand feignior, (hall and may, it ate in amity during the continuance of this ad,, be imported and brought, with his Ma- by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, into Great Britain or Ireland from any port or place whatfoever, not being within the dominions of the grand feignior, in any (hip or veflel, bGilt in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to law, or in any (hip or veflel belonging to any kingdom or ftate w , • amity with his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, navigated with rbalM^c paid foreign mariners; upon payment of the fame duties, if imported for fi.cfi * into Xjreal Britain, as the like goods would be fubjc£t ahd liable v d«.	to

No entry to pafs for any goods the growth of Turkey, See. until the importer (hall produce a certificate of his bein, of the company, Seel

After June i, 1781, goods ufually imported from the Mediterra . nean, may be imported in Biiti(h (hips, or (hips be



Digitized by v^ooQle

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 26.	247

to if imported direCtly from the place of their growth, produ&i-on, or manufacture, excepting drugs of the growth of, or which have heretofore been ufualty imported from, Turkey or Egypt, pr any of the dominions of the grand feignior within the Levant feas, which, if imported by any perfon or perfons not free of the Turkey company, (hall be liable to the like duties as they would have been liable to, if not imported direCtly from the place of their growth and production, if this aCt had not been made; pnd if any fuch goods (haH be imported in any foreign-built (hip or veflel, then and in fuch cafe the goods fo imported (hall be fubjeCt to the aliens duties, if fuch goods would have been fub-jeCfc and liable thereto by law if this aCt had not been made; any thing in the faid recited aCt, or any other aCt or aCts, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore- All cotton and faid. That for and upon all cotton and cotton wool, whifch (hall fotton"°°* be imported into this kingdom in any foreign fliip or veflel,

iKpfA	unfA	kie	C__:____9

down in ready money, without any difeount or deduction what-foever; apd (hall be alfo fubjeCt and liable to an additional im-poft or duty of five pounds per centum, in the fame manner as ^ditSona?16 the additional duty of five pounds per centum is granted to his Juty o"* ^ Majefty by an aCt made in the nineteenth year of hi* prefent cent, agreea-Majefty's reign, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty adit- ble to cap. 45, tional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties under the manage- of the *oth ment of the refpeftive commijjioners of the fujiom and excife in Great Britain.	jefty.

V.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore- w drawback faid. That no part of the faid duties herein-before granted (hall tobeaHowed be repaid or drawn back upon the re-exportation of the faid on the re-excotton or cotton wool; and tbe faid duties (hall be railed, levied, portation of collected, recovered, and paid, ip fuch manner and form, and c.°“on °F . by fuch ways and means, and under the like penalties and for- co on feitures, as the duty of cuftoms, commonly called The Old Sub-

ftdy% is raifed, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and is fubjeCt or liable to by any aCt or a£ts of parliament nqw 4in force, (except where any alteration is made by this aCt), as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, and provifions in fuch aCts had beep repeated Duties to be and enaCted in the body of this prefent act; and the (aid duties paid into the herein-before granted (nail from time to time be paid into the «chcquer, receipt of his Majefty's exchequer, diftinCUy and apart frpm all &c-other branches of the publick revenue, and (hall be (b kept apart How to be in the faid receipt of exchequer as a fund for the encouragement aPPlicd* of the growth of cotton in his Majefty’s Leeward iflands, and for encouraging the importation thereof into Great Britain, in fuch way and manner as parliament (hall hereafter direCt.

VI.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore- Continuance /aid, That this aCt (hall continue and remain in full force during of this aa.

S 3	  the

24$	,	Anno	vicefimo	pfimo	Georoii	III.	c.	27..	[i7?r.:

*he prcfcrtt hoflilities with France, Spain, and the dates general of the United Provinces,or either of them.

CAP. XXVII.

A* aft to permit, during the prefent hoflilities, the importation of goods, the produce of the plantations of the crown ^Portugal, into Great Britain or Ireland, in Portuguefe vejfels\ and the importation of certain other goods, therein enumerated, in any neutral Jbips and veffels.

Preamble. XT/' II ER E AS feveralarticles cannot, by reafon of the prefent VV hoflilities, be imported in Britifh Jhipping, navigated accord-ing to the laws now in force, without great hazard and expehce to tty importers thereof : and whereas yt will tend to the general accom-violation and advantage of the trade and manufactures of this kingdom if fome temporary relief be given in the premifes; for remedy whereof,; may it pleafe your MajdTy that it maybe enadled; ami be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and.confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembJed, and by the FromMay ifj authority of the fame, That, from and after the twentyrflrrf day 1781. Porrn- of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, and durJ. ^T^hcTrn-	continuance	°f this adt, it lhall and may be lawful for

ponecTinto any Pcrf°n or perfons to import any goods or commodities, of Grc^t Britain the growth, production, or manufacture of any ifland, colony, or or Tttland in plantation, belonging to, or under the dominion of, the crown

into Great Britain or Ireland, in any Ihip or velfel vc c s#	belonging	to any of the fubjedts of the crown of Portugal, from

any pprt or place in Portugal, or the weftern iflands, commonly called The Azores or Madeira 1 funds; any law, cuilom, or ufage, ,	to the contrary notwit hftanding.

II.	And it is hereby further enadled bv the authority aforefaief,

ini °^8	^rom aru* a^ler twenty-firft day of May, one thou-

pTnetHnTny fend (even hundred and cighty-one, and during the continuance neutialvefle.s, of this adt, it lhall and may be lawful for any perfon or* peffons to import into Great Britain or Ireland all forts of wool and barilla, and jefuits bark, and linen yarn, from any country of place whatsoever, in any (hip or veflel belonging to any kingdom or flate in amity with his Majefty, his heirs and fucccflors, navigated by foreign feamen ; any law, cuftom, of ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.	#

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacled by the •Goods rm- authority aforefaid, That fuch goods as are, in purfuance of this ported in fo- adl, imported into Great Britain, in any foreign (hip or veflel, r^ign veflcls ^ajj fabjcdl and liable to the aliens and all other duties, in dutie*!° ,CDI ^amc manner a$ they would be liable to by law if fuch (hips

were of the built of the country of which the goods are the growth, produdtion, or manufadture.

Continuance IV. And it is hereby further enadled by the authority afore-ot this aft. ftid. That this adt lhall have continuance during the prefent

hoflilities

Digitized by LjOOQle

I

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo Gborgii III. c. 28.	249

hostilities with Frame, Spain, and the United Provinces, or eithefr of them, and no longer.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for allowing further time for the exportation of, or payment of the duties upon bugles, when wareboufed upon importation into this kingdom; and for obviating a doubt with refpeft to charging the duties on rum imported from Scotland into the Tile of Man.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign Preamble..

of his prefent Majefly, (intituled An a61 for more effeftu-ally fupplying the export trade of this kingdom to Africa, with	eo*

fiich coarle printed callicoes, and other goods of the pfodudt or manufa&ure of the Eajl Indies, dr other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and ufed in Great Britain j for encouraging the importation of bugles into, this kingdom j for the better fupply of the export trade thereof; and for difcontinuing the bounty payable in Great Britain, and all bounties and allowances in Ireland, upon the exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour, from thenee to the ljle of Man \) it is among ft other things, enafted and provided. That if fucb bugles as jball be imported into this kingdom, and lodged and fecured its fuch warehottfe belonging to bis Majefly, bis heirs and fuccejfors, as in and by the /aid rutted oft is preferibed,Jhall not be either exported, or the full duties paid for the fame, within five years from the importation thereof, but Jball then continue and be flill remaining in the faid warehoufes, in fuch cafe it jball and may be lawful for the tommiffion-ers of the cujloms for the time being, or any three or more of them,	^

to caufe the faid bugles, fo remaining, to be publickly fold in manner and for the purpofes therein preferibed: And by an Other aft, made in the fixteentb year of the reign of bis prefent Majefly, the term granted by the faid firjl recited aft was enlarged to ten years: And whereas it has been ujual to export fuch bugles from this kingdom to Africa in exchange for negroes, to be carried from thence to the Bri-tifh colonies in America, which trade being much interrupted by the dijlurbances and rebellion in feveral of tbofe colonies, great quantities of fuch bugles do now remain wareboufed at feveral ports in this kingdom, and cannot be difpefed of without great lofs to the proprietors thereof; and it is therefore expedient to enlarge the time limited by the faid recited afts for the exportation of fuch bugles, or paying the duty for the fame : may it therefore plcale your Majefly that it may be ena&ed ; and be it cnadted by the King’s mod excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-meat aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That for years further fuch of the faid bugles as have been imported into this king- extended for dom before the palling of this a6t, and lodged and fecured in 10 years, In any warehoufe belonging to his Majefly, as in and by the faid ^1^”^ firft recited a6t is preferibed, and flill remain unfold, the faid ported before term of ten years lhall be extended and enlarged for the further the patting of term of ten years, from the importation thereof, any thing in this

S4	the	&*!!*

*	Google

250	Anno viccfimo primo Georgii III. c 29. [1781.

the faid a£ts, or any other law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary in anywile notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by an aft made in the Jwentieth year of the reign •o Geo. s, c. 0f bisprefent Maiejly^ (intituled, An ad for granting to his Mata, lepited. jcfty feveral additional duties upon certain goods imported into the IJle of Man; and for better regulating the trade, and fccur-ing the revenues of the faid ifland); it is, amongjl other things, enafted, That, from and after the fijtb day of July, one thoujandjc* vcn hundred and eighty, the comnuffioners of his Majefty's cuflams in Great Britain refpeftively, or any three of them, Jhall and rtusy grant licence to any of his Majefty's fubjefts to export,from any port ^England .into theport of Douglas in the Ifle of Man, thirty tbaujoni gallons of rum, the produce of the Britilh plantations; and from any port of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, ten thoufwd gallons of fuch rum, in one year, in fuch manner, and under the jam t	regulations in all rejpefts, as if the faid lafl-mentioned quantity hoi

been originally limited and prefcribed in and by an aft made in the jo» venth year of his prefent Maje fly's reign, (intituled, An ad for encouraging and regulating the trade and manufactures of the Ifk of Man, and for the more eafy fupply of the inhabitants there vith a certain quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and floor, authorifed by an a<5t made in this feflion to be tranfported to the faid ifland), injlead of the quantity therein mentioned: And whereas doubts have anfen upon the conjlruftion of the faid efts, whether rum imported into the Ifle of Man,from Scotland, is chargeable with dm fame duties as rum imported from England into the faid ifland: Now, to obviate thofe doubts, be it ena&ed and declared by the Rum imported authority aforefaid, That all rum which hath been, or (hall be MlanlfromCOf imported into the Ifle of Man from that part of Great Britain ScotlandTto ca^c^ Scotland, under the regulations and limitations by the (aid pay the fame ads direded and preferibed, (hall be fubjed to, and pay the like duties as rum and equal duties as are now payable to his Majefly, by virtue of unported from thc aforefaid ads, for and upon rum imported into the faid 1ft * ™ * of Man from that part of Great Britain called England.

CAP. XXIX.

An ad to continue feveral laws relating to the opening and eftablHhing certain free ports in the ifland of Jamaica $ to the allowing the tree in* portation ot fago powder and vermicelli from his Majefty's colonies in North America; to the free importation of certain raw hides and Hum trom Ireland, and the Britifli plantations in America j to the allowing the exportation of provi&ons, goods, wares, and merchandise, to certain places in North America, which are or may be under the proccc* tion of his Majefty’s arms, and from fuch places to Gfeat Britain and other parts of his Majefty's dominions ; to the clandeftine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the cuftomsi to tfct preventing the clandeftine running of goods, and the danger of infcfti-on thereby; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in hit Mayeftyl

glantaiions in America s to the preventing the committing of fruit* y bankrupts; and to revive ana continue feveral laws relating to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his Majefty's fugar colonies in America ; to the impowrering his Majefty to prohibit the exportation, and reftrain the carrying coaftwife of copper m bars, or copper in (beets s to the allowing a drawback cr the duties on rum (hipped as ftores to be confumcd on board mcrchaat

(hips

Digitized by

Google

1781.	] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c.30.'

(hips on their voyages; and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of firitiih corn and grain in neutral (hips.

Preamble. So much of an aft 6 Geo. j, c. 49, for opening certain porta in the ifland* of Jamaica and Dominica, Sec as relates to the opening certain free ports in Jamaica, further continued until Nov. 1, 1787, &c. So much of an aft 7 Geo. 3,0. 30, as relates to the tree importation of (ago powder and vermicelli from North America, further continued until Dec. i, 1796. So much of an aft o Geo. 3,c. 39, as relates to the free importation of raw bides from Ireland and America, further continued until June 1, 1786. 10 Geo. 3, c. 46, for allowing the exportation of provifians. Sec. from Great Britain to certain ports. Scc. in North America under his Majefty’s protedion and from thence to any part of his Majefty’s dominions, further continued until June 1, 178s. Several clau/es in an^aft 5 Geo. 1. c. 11, againft dandefhne running of uncuftomed goods. See. viz* (e&iont 1, 3, 4, 5, 6,7, 8, and so, further continued until Sep. so, 178$, See. Aft 8 Geo. 1, c. 18, to prevent the clandeftine running of goods, and the danger of infeflion thereby. Scc. further continued until Sep. 29, 17S8: Aft 5 Geo. s, c. 24. for encouraging the growth of coffee in A-merica, (except fuch part as relates to the importation and exportation of foreign coffee into apd from the BritiOi colonies in America, further continued June 14,1788, Scc. Aft 5 Geo. s, c. 30 to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts, further continued until Sep. 09, 1785, See, So much of 16 Geo. 3, c. 37, as relates to the exportation of wheat, See. to the fugar colonies, ifland of St. Helena and other fettlements in the Eaft Indies, Newfoundland, See, revived, and further continued until May 1,

1782.	to Geo. 3. c. 59, to prohibit the exportation of copper in barrs or lheets, and alio to rtltrairi the carrying tne fame coaftwife, revived and further continutd until May 1, 1782. So much of 19 Geo. 3, c. ss, at relates to allowing a drawback of the duties on rum Ihipped .as (lores. Sec. revived, and further continued until April 1, 1783. and so Geo. 3, c. 31, allowing a bounty cn exportation of BritiOi corn in fliips of foreigners in amity, Scc. and further continued until March 25,1782.

Ad aft for continuing, and making more effeftual, feveral afts of parliament pa fled for deanfing and making navigable the channel from the Hythe at Colchefter to Wivenhoe, in the county of Effex 1 and for repairing and cleaning the (ireets of the town of Colcheiler; and alfo for lighting the ftreets and lanes, and for pi eventing annoyances in the ftid town.

Preamble. Recital of an aft 9 and 10 Gal. 3. c. 19. ■ Afts 5 Geo. t, c. 31. 13 Geo. s, c. 30. 23 Geo. s, c. 19. Further provifions neceffary. The recited afts further continued for 40 years. Commiffioners names. Qualification of commiffioners; lands or tenements of the clear yearly value ot 301. or 6001. perfonal. Penalty on afting not being qualified, 30I. Corporation of Colchefter to continue commiffioners, notwithftanding they (hall be difabled to a& in their corporate capacity. _ Meetings of com-miffioners to confift of nine; two whereof to beaflingjufticesfor the eaft-ern divifion of Effex; on three days notice. ^ Commiffioners to repair the hardways acrofs the channel. New commiffioners to be chofen by the majority of the furviving or remaining commiffioners in the room of fuch at (hall die, remove, or refufe to a£t. Commiffioners to rtpair the banks and walls on each fide the river. Provifo, commiffioners not anfrerable for accidental damages to lands. Damages done to the banks and w^lls by proprietors of lands, to be repaired by them. Compenfation to be made for damage that may be done to Eaft Mill. Penalty on periods damaging the lock, or the walls, banks, and (luices. Claufes in former a& remaining farmers of quays from being commiffioners, repealed. Ip the town of Colchefter water to be conveyed from the roofs of houfes by pipes, Scc. at the expence Of occupiers. . In cafe owners, &c. of houfes neglecl to remove incroachments, commiffioners to do it, and levy the ex-

S£I

c a p: xxx.

pence

Digitized by

4$t	Anno	yidicCrao prime Geokgii Iin c. 3:1. f 178*.

peVice on- filch owner?, be, To prevent driving carriages and cattle on the foot-ways. Lamps to he fet up. A&fTment to be made for lighting the town; on occupiers of houfes, &c. of the yearly value of 4I. and upwards (except the tour out parifhes of Beerchurch, Greenftead, London, and St. Michael mile end) not to exceed 6d. in the pound. Kate to be levied by dill refs, in cafe of refufal to pay. Rate for houfes from whence perlons rateable have removed ;’is to be paid by him and the next comer in proportion to the time each occupied. The landlord to be afltfcd for houfes let out in lodgings which may he paid by any tenant and dcdu&ed out of rent. Penalty on wilfully breaking the lamps, or exrmguifhing the lights. Firft offence *©s. each lamp broken; fecond offence double; third offence 41. befides fathfaftion fur damages: or to be committed for one month. A moiety of forfeiture to the informer. Perfons accidentally damaging lamps, Sic. to make lati?ta&ion for the fame. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diftreft and (ale of goods; and applied for the purpofes of the aft as dlrefted by five commlfironers. Any inhabitant may he a fcitnefs though rated. Perlons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions, dn giving 14 days notice* In cafe the corporation of Col-chefter (hall bediftbled to aft as faltlces, the powers veiled in them toaeft in the jofticevfbr the county. *0001, old fourh fea annuities (landing m the names of Michael Hills, Thomas Wilfhire and Jofeph Keeling, three bf the commiflioners in trutt for the purpofes of the faid fevcral afts may he fold and transferred by the two former. • Provifo, that Mr. Keeling's demands thereon he paid out of the duties. Exp*nces of this aft to be paid out of rhe fund m commiffioners hands. Actions to be brought t* fix months afetr they accrue. ’ General iflue. Double cods. Public* aft,

CAP. XXXI.

Jn ad for the better management and collection of the duties upon • male fervants, granted by an ad made in the Jeventeentb year of the reign of his prefent Majefly,

Recital of 17 Geo 3, c. 39.

Preamble. TT THERE AS by an aft, made in the feventeenth year of the VV reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled\ Art a (ft for granting to his Majefty a duty upon all fervants retained or employed in the feveral capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing feve-ral rates and duties upon glafs, impofed by an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon glafs in lieu thereof, and for the better collefting the duties upon glafs ; and for repealing the fevcral rates and duties charged, by an aft made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, upon all perlons and bodies politick and corporate, having certain quantities of filver plate, certain duties were impofed upon every mole fervent retained or employed in the capacities in the faid ad particularly enumerated and mentioned: and whereas one ether ad of parliament was made in the eighteenth year of the reign Aft 18 Geo. 3, of his prefent Majefty, for the more effeftual levying of the duty c*	upon	fervants,	in	that	part of Great Britain called Scotland: and

whereas one other ad of parliament was made in the nineteenth year i^Geo.3. c.59. 0ftbe retgn 0j ]/ls fodprefent Majefly, for amending fo much of the faid aft made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as impofes a duty upon all fervants retained or employed in the feveral capacities therein mentioned: and whereas the feveral powers, rules, methods, and regulations, in the faid ads preferibed and directed) far afurtaimng% payingr fecuritig% and colliding

Digitized by booQle

r78r.j Afmd vl&fimdf#ifr&GB0ll6n III. C. jr.‘	itgj

Ming the faid duties, arid for pretexting evafion and frauds therein,

hive been foiM inefficient and ineffectual to fecure the payment

thereof, and the faid duties have been withheld, and the revenue

thereby defrauded: for remedy whereof, and for the better fecvrirtg

the die payment' of the faid duties, be it enabled by the King’d

moft excellent rrrajefty, by and with the advice and content of

the lords /pmtual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

parliament aflbmbled, and by the authority of the feme, That,' From May *i0

from and after the twenty-firft day of May, one thoufand fever!	*eKU.

hundred and eighty-one, the feVeral powers, rules,, methods, lanons,***!;

and regulations, manner, and time of payment, by thofakirs, of the faid

or any of Cbefii, given and prefcrlbed for afcertaiftittg, tecuring,

paying, a rid CoTIedftngthe faid duties, and all penalties ^and for*

tenures in refpedt thereof, fhall cfcafe and determine, and be no

kmger ufed, except in all cates relating to the recovery of any except for

arrears which' may at that tim^ remain unpaid of the faid

dutes, or*fo arty penalty or forfeiture which (hall hare been in- 9

curred uport, or at any time before the feid twenty-firft day of

May, one thoufand ieven hundred and eighty-one; anything

herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And, fbr* the better preventing the like frauds and eva/ions, After May and for thr more effectual fecuring the payment of the faid duties', \7*1'

Jbe it furtherinx&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, from and tobeuoder ' after the feid twenty-firft day of May, one thoufand feven hun- the manage-dred and eighty-one, fuch of the faid duties as are impofed up- meat of the on fervants in that part of Great Britain called England, the c?ra™Ii^”eri dommion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, fhall England wi be under the receipt and management of the commifltoners and Scotland re-officers of his Majefty’s revenue of excite in England for the fpeftively. time being; and that fuch of the faid duties as are impofed on fervants in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the receipt and management of the commiflioners and officers of excite in Scotland for the time being, who are hereby refpedhvely irtipowered to appoint proper officers for colJe&ing and receiving the fame; and all monies arifing from the faid duties (the neceflary charges of railing and accounting for the feme excepted) fhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at JVeflmirtfler, and fhall be applied to the ufes and purpofes by the feid firft recited a<ft directed.

III.	And he it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That eve- Every matter

ry matter or miftrefe who, on the faid twenty-firft day of May, °rum^r^a one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, (hall retain or em-	(j^ii

ploy any male fervant in the capacity of Maitre d*Hotel, houfe- employ any fteward, mafter of the horfe, groom of the chamber, valet de male fervant # chambre, butler, under-butler, clerk of the kitchen, confetfion- ,n *ny.^Pac*‘ er, cook, houfe-porter, footman, running-footman, coachman, mo-atecTfban*

Sroom* poftilion, ftabJe-boy, and the relpedhve helpers in the within40 da/s ables of fuch coachman, groom, or poftilion, or in the eapa- after, deliver city of a gardener, (not being a day labourer,) park-keeper, %Cj?ri£f *lft. game-keeper, hantfman, or whipper-in, refpe&ively chargeable anta at by the feid awhether foci* fervahts (h*U then be retained or next excite dF-

craployed fice.

Digitized by

Google

Anno vlcefimo primo Georg11 III. c. 31. , [1781.

'	employed	in one or more of the faid capacities, or in any other

bufinefs jointly with one or more of the faid capacities ot a fer-vanr, (hall within forty days after the faid twenty-firft day of Mav,onc thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one,deliver,or caofe to be delivered, at the office of excife next to the place where any fuch mafter or miftrefs refpeftively (ball then be refident, a correct lift, figned by him or her, (or by his or her known fteward or agent)5 in which lift (hall be inferted and fpecified the true number of male fervants by him-or her at that time retained or employed, the chriftian and furname of each fuch fervant, the office,or capacity in or for which each fervant is retained or emend (hall then ployed ; and every fuch mafter or miftrefs (hall refpeftively, at dutici the time of delivering in fuch lift, pay down the duties by the * m* laid aft impofed for every male fervant fo retained and employed.

IV.	And whereat it. may happen that the commijjioners appointed by the Jaid before recited aft, made in the jevenieentb year of bit prefent Majeftys reign, for carrying the faid aft into execution, may, fince the twenty-fifth day of March now lafi poll, have nominated af-fejfors for collecting the duties upon fervants for the year one thou-Jand feven hundred and eighty, and fuch ajfejfors may have given or left the notices or warning to the feveral mafters and mijlrtjfes, as by the faid aft directed, and fome of thofe majlers and miflrejjes may .	.	have delivered in lifts of their feveral fervants, in purfuance of fuch

brSftflwl”1 nottCii» °°w» t0 obv*alc confufion in colleftjng of the faid and lift* deli- duties on fervants by the faid aft impofed, it is hereby further vered in, fince enafted and declared. That all fuch notices fo given or left by March *5, any fuch aflfeflors, and all fuch lifts as may have been delivered »7Si,to be by any mafter or miftrefs in confequence of fuch notices fince the twenty-fifth day of March now laft paft, (hall be null and void; any thing in the faid before recited aft or afts, or in either pf them, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding. Every mafter, V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That &c. who, after every mafter or miftrefs refpeftively, who, after the faid twenty-ftwdfhe'xi'n to* ^	one	thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one,

retain any (hall begin to retain or employ any fuch male fervant as afore* fuch fervant, faid, in any of the faid capacities, (hall, within twenty days af-foall. within ter he or (he refpeftively (hall begin to retain or employ any ver a at " fuch male fervant or male fervants, deliver, or caufe to be deliv-tbe next excife ered, at the office of excife next to the place where he or (he office,&c. (hall then be refident, a like lift, figned as aforefaid; in which lift (hall be inferted and fpecified the true number of male fervants by him or her at that time retained or employed, the chriltian and furname of each fuch fervant, the office and capacity in or for which each fuch fervant is retained or employed; and every fuch mafter or miftrefs refpeftively (hall, at the time of delivering in the faid lifts, pay down the duties by the faid and if be in- aft impofed for every fervant fo retained or employed 5 and if creafe the at any time within twelve calendar months after fuch mafter or ?uch*fcrvanti mi^rc^s ftiall have or ought to have delivered in fuch lifts as a-he (hail within fore (aid, be or (he (hail increafe the number of his or her male a0 days, deli- fervants, in any of the capacities before mentioned, then, and

in

'	t	I	r	^

Ahnb viccfimo prlmo Grorgii IfL c. 31*	*5$

in every fuch cafe, every fuch mafteror miftrefs refpe&ively (hall, ve^ U 9 freih within twenty day^ afterhe or (he (hall have madg^th inefeafe, ^ deliver, or caufe to be delivered^ at the office of excife next to the place where he or (he (hall at that time refide,/a Tike correct lift, fiened as aforefaid, and (hall fpecify therein the true number of male fervants fo increafed, the chriftian and furname of each fuch fervant, the office and capacity in or for which fuch fervant is retained or employed; and fuch mafter or miftrefs re-

»fhaIJ, at the fame time, pay down the duties payable fervant fo increafed beyond the number fpecified in their former lifts.

VI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, The lifts to be That each and every mafter and miftrefs who (hall have deliv- renewed, and ered, or who is obliged to deliver in fuch lift or lifts as aforefaid, the duty paid, is and are hereby required, at or within, twenty days after the aanuai jr# expiration of twelve calendar months, refpe&ively hfter'the times of delivering, or being obliged to deliver fuch lifts, to deliver a fre(h lift in manner aforefaid, and pay down the duties accord- ,	/

ing to the true number of male fervants by hirft.or her refpedfc- . • .«» ively at that time retained or employed iti arty of the capacities before mentioned, and for which the faid duty is by. the (aid firft	1

recited a£l impofed, and in the fame manner to renew fuch lift, v and make fuch payment, from year to year, as 'long as he or t (he (hall refpedUvely retain or employ any fudi fervant or fervants.	,	'

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Howthoferaa-That in all cafes where any mafter or miftrefs (hall have divers fters, &c. areT. houfes or places of refidence, and (hall retain or employ in each toproceedwho fuch houfe or place of refidence any fervant or fervanfs charge- havc able with the duty by the faid a<ft impofed; and in all cafes Sena!. ***" where any mafteror miftrefs (hall retain or employ, any fuch fervant or fervants chargeable as aforefaid, at any place not being the houfe or place of refidence of any fuch matter or mif-treft, every fuch mafter or miftrefs refpedtively (hall, and they are hereby required, within the fpace of one month after the delivery of fuch lifts refpedtively, and payment of the faid duties, as herein-before required, to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, at the office of excife next to each and every fuch place, and to each* and every luch houfe or place of refidence, a duplicate or dupli- , cates of every fuch lift or lifts fo delivered by fuch matters, ot* roiftrefles, fuch duplicates to be figned as aforefaid, and mentioning at the foot of every fuch duplicate, the place where fuch original lift or lifts (hall have been delivered, and the duties paid as aforefaid, upon pain that every fuch mafter or miftrefs neglecting to deliver fuch duplicates, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

VIIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Matter*, Sec. That from and after the faid twenty-firft day of May, one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty-one, if any mafter or miftrefs ijfts1?and°to (hall at any time retain or employ any Maitre d Hotel, houfe- *entw them fteward, mafter of the horfe, groom of the chamber, valet de and make

thambrt, paymentsan-

Google

2&6	Apno	vicefimo	prima	Georgii	III. cf 31. {1781.

, imally^fljall ; cbambre% butler, under-by tier, cjdrk of the kitchen, gonfeClioner, cookt hdyTe-pQrter, fodtmati^1 fanning footrtfan? coachman, groom, poftilion, (table-boy, ot helper ip the (tables of any coachman, grgom, or poftiftoil, or any gardener, (not being a day labourer jj, par1c^keeper, game-keeper, htmtfman, or whip-

ter-in, on whocp refpeCtivelV me duty of twenty-one Shillings is y the fai<J recited aCt impofei}, and (hall deceit fo make out, fign, and deliver, or capfe to‘t>e delivered, eorreCt lifts of the true number of maleTervanU by him or her refpeCtiyely retained or employed, in manner and form, and withrn the titheshert-in-before refpeCtively directed and exprefled, and,fo make fuch payments as aforefaid, or having delivered fuch and made tuch payments, (hall not renew fuch lifts and payments yearly,

: in manner and form a^s aforefaid he or (he (hall refpeCtively for-. feit and lofe, fpr eact) bffepcC, the fqm of twenty pounds.'

IX. And it further enacted bV the authority aforefaid. If any matter That if, upon* due examination, it mall appear that any fuch fliall negledt to mafter or miftrefs (hall haye, riegleCted to deliver in fuch lifts JftJSo- 38 arc hercby directed and required; or having delivered, or *nit any taxa-" caufed to be.delivered, any fuch lifts, (hall have omitted to in,, ble fervant in fert therein any fervant or ferya,ntsi chargeable, with the duty by bis lift, the of- the fa id act impofed, any officer bf excife for rhe ftlftriCt or place ^r^hi ^here fuch matter or miftrefs fc neglecting to delivtr in theilr donlSe formal! tefpeCUve lifts (hall then refute, or where the fervant or fervants fuch fervants fo omitted to be inferted in any fuch lift (hall then be retained pmitted. or employed, (hall and may, and they are required to charge •*	1	fuch re(pe6live matter or miftrefs for and in refpeCt of every fer-

vant by him or her retained or employed, and fo neglected or omitted to be inferted in fuch lifts, as aforefaid ; and fuch charge (hall not be impeached or fet aide by reafon of any miftake or variance in the chriftian or furname of any fuch fervant, or m klie defeription of his or their employment, but fuch charge fhall be effectual to all intents and purpofes, provided the perfon or perfoas charged be really a fervant or fervants, in rclpeCt of whom the matter or miftrefs ought to be Charged within the meaning of the faid aCt; and the charge fo to be made (hall be 'the double duty for every fuch fervant fo neglected or fo omitted, as aforefaid; which faid charge (hall be paid by every matter or, miftrefs. fo offehding, over and above any penalty that may be recovered of fuch matter or miftrefs for not delivering cotreCl lifts in manner and form as by this aCt is required and directed.

In what cafes * X. And it is hereby further enaCted and declared by the au-maftertare thority aforefaid. That in every cafe where the duties required not liable to by the faid a£t to be paid for anv male fervant, (hall be actually For dehver?ne Pa^» anc* c<>rre& a°d true lifts mall have been delivered in, as uretroncou* before directed, before any information laid for the negkCt of lifts, Icc. delivering in fuch lift, and. making fuch payment, although not ftriCtly within the time for that purpofe mentioned, no matter or miftrefs, having delivered in fuch lifts, and made due pay-' dent, (hall be proiecuted for not having delivered in their lifts,

or

Digitized

d by Google

1781.] Anno viceGmo primo Georgii JU, <c# 31.

or made their payments within the times xefpoaiv^ Jijnhed by

this ad,

XI.	And it is hereby farther .enabled and provided by the

authority aforefaid, That if any jnafter or miftrefij having delivered in correct lifts, and having duly paid the duties for each male fervant liable thereunto, according to the true, intent and meaning of this prefent a<3, (hall die before the end, of the year for which fuch payment was made; in every futh$afe, it ftiall and may be lawful for the executor or adi^jniftraipr^of fpqh cfer-ceafed perfon to retain and employ all or any qf, the faid ferv-ants, for or in refpe& of whom iuch duty was paid^ and Jifts delivered* as aforefaid, during the refidueof tlie ye^rJ(fof,which fuch payments (hall have been made,in like maqocf ,as fuch defeated perfon. might have done, if living.	,

XII.	And ,Jbe it further ;ena£fed by the authority afofqfeid. That the rates and duties by the feida&impo^

as aUo all forfeitures and offences made and comqmjted ^gainft this a<ft, or any claufe or article therein contained, (hall be heard, adjudged, and determined, by fuch perfon and peffaqs, apd in fuch manner and, form, as hereafter in and by thfe *<5t is^-re&cd and appointed; that is to fay, all pro(ecutioos for • thquer-covery of the duties by the faid ad irppofed, and alfeforridl foih femwesund offences made and committed withjn the inyqaredi-ate Emits of the chief office of excife in London, (hall t# heatfl, adjudged, and determined, by the commifllon^rs^oSj^^pife, qr the major part of them, or by the commiflioners for appeals, qr the major part of them, in cafe of appeal, and not otherways; and all profequtions for the recovery of the duties bythe (aid ad impofed, and alfo for all forfeitures and pffeppqf flVKfe and committed within all or any of Jthe counties, flares, aud ftew-artries, cities, towns, or places, within the kingdqtn qf Great Britain, ihall be heard and determined by any twp,ardM&oi£of the juftices of the peace refiding near to the place *he*e fuch forfeitures (hall be made, oroffence committed: » .and if the party finds himfelf aggrieved by the judgement given tty *wo or more juftices, he fhall and may appeal to the juftice* jof the peace at the next quarter feflions, who are hereby aqthorjfed and impowered to hear and determine the fame, whofe judgement therein (hall be final; which faid commillioners for appeals and regulating this duty, and the faid commiffioners of excite, and all juftices of the peace aforefaid receptively, are hereby authorited and ftrxStly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information, upon oath, exhibited and brought, of any forfeiture made or offence committed contrary to this a&, to fum-mon the party accufed, and upon his appearance orcontempt to proceed to the examination of the matter of faPt, and upon d c proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confeffion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnef-fes, (which oath they, or any two or more of them, have hereby power to adminifter), to give judgement or fentence thereupon, and to award and ifluc out warrants, under their hands,

for

•57

Executors,

See. may re-

remainder ttwiyeaisfoGJi feitMUMfar;?. whom the du* ty.bw.bMn ,

pa,Y tym „ deceMqa«.«.r..

•- :3.

Profecutions. under this a&, within the li-roit#qfi*h#4X-cife office, |o> be determined by the com* midi oners of excife, See.

and, in other parts wfUbtr' kingdom,) bp* the juftices.

Thfptfffy j*-cufed to be fummoned.

Wit«je!lerto1 be examined on oath, . t

Digitized by Google

On failure of diftrds, offender to he Committed.

Proceedings not to be removed bjr certiorari.

Limitation of altions.

Twenty one days notice to be given before profecuti-on in any court of re* cofd.

Commillion-ers and j unices may mitigate penalties.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be em< ployed.

Perfons (bed in execution

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c.3i. [*781*

for the levying of fuch forfeitures and penalties as are by this aft impofed for any fuch offence committed, upon the goods and chattels of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made of the faid goods and chattels, if they (hall not be redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any be); and for want of fufficient diftrefs, to imprifon the party offending for one month, unlefs fatisfadion fhall be before made.

XUI. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, That no certiorari be brought or allowed* to remove any of the proceedings of the faid commiffioners of excife, or juftices of the peace refpdtively, relating to the fame offences, or any forfeitures or penalties for the fame; but that' the determination of the faid commiffioners of excife, and of the faid juftices of the peace refpeltively, (hall, in manner and form aforefaid, be final to all intents and purpofes 5 any thing liefem contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no bill, plaint, or information, (hall be brought or fued forth in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminjier, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for any offence againft this ftatute, within the fpace of fix months from the time fuch offence (hall be committed.

XV.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. That no profecution (hall be commenced in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminjier, or court of exchequer in Scotland^ againft any perfon or perfons for, or on account of, any penalty or penalties incurred, or fuppofed to be incurred, under or by virtue of this ad, unlefs a notice in writing (hall have been firft delivered to fuch perfon or perfons, or left at his, her, or their ufual place or places of abode, twenty-one days at leaft before fuch profecution (hall be commenced ; and that fuch notice (hall exprefs the caufe for which, and the time when, fuch profecution is intended to be commenced$ and that an affidavit of fuch notice (hall be filed in fuch court before the commencement of fuch profecution.

XVI.	Provided neverthelefs. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners and juftices, where they (hall fee caufe, to mitigate or leflcn any penalties and forfeitures, in fuch manner as they fhall think fit, the reafonable cofts and charges of the officers in the profecution of the offender being always allowed, over and above fuch mitigation, and fo as fuch mitigation do not reduce the penalty to lefs than one fourth parr thereof, over and above the faid cofts and charges; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all forfeitures and penalties mentioned in this alt (all ne-

. ceflary charges for the recovery thereof being firft dedu&ed) (hall be employed, one moiety thereof to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the difeoverer or informer of the fame.

XVIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, |

That

Digitized by

Google

1781.] Anrio vicefimo primo GetoRGTi III. C. 32.	259

That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time be fued, fholefted, Ms or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done in purfuance of, or by colour of this ad, or of any matter or thing therein ge ra V contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general ifliie, and give this aft and the fpecial matter irt evidence in his or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfulted, or difeontinue his, her, or and recover their a<5Hon or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft ^eble colls, him, her* or them, upon demurrer or otherfrife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXII.

An aft to encourage the manufactory of verdegreafe in Great Britain* 4 ,.., A and for laying a duty on foreign veriegteafe imported*	:	f

WHEREAS there is lately fet up in this kingdom'4 fnanu- preambl^/ factory of veriegreafe, which has been heretofore imported from France, and for which large fums of money have been \conjfant-IJr paid to foreigners; therefore, to the intent that all due encouragement may he given to fo ufeful a manufafture, we, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it maybe enabled; and be it ena<3ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, After June 14* from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand fie- ^ jd.^er^ ven hundred and eighty-one, there (hall be, throughout his pound to be Majefty’s kingdom of Great Britain, dominion of Walesyuti& paid on im-town of Berwick upon Tweedy raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, P°rtat,<>n of onto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs ahd fucceffors, for degreaf”:Van<i and upon every pound weight of common verdegreafe, import- 1 s*per pound cd or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain from foreign for cryftalized countries, the fum of three-pence; and for and upon every verdegreafe. pound weight of cryftallized verdegreafe, fo as aforefaid imported, the fum of onfe (hilling} which laid imports or duties (hall be paid down in ready money, without any dilcount or allowance, on importation; and (hall be alfo fubjed and liable to The frid du-an additional import or duty of five pounds per tentum, in the ties tobelia* fame manher, and under the faihe regulations, as the additional ^n^an addi" duty of five pounds per centum is granted to his Majefty by an asgreea-a<5f, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefen bleto j* Geo. Majefty, intituled. An at1 for granting to his Majejly additional du- 3* c* ties upon the produce of the federal duties under the management of the refpeftive eommijfioncrs of the cuftoms and excife in Great Britain.

* II. And it i9 hereby further enafled by the authority aforefaid, No ^rtwbacXc That no part of the faid duties herein-before granted (hall be to be allowed repaid or drawn back upon the exportation of the faid verde- on export*** .Vox.. XXXIII.	T	greafe3

26o	Anno	vicefimo primo Gborgii 111. C-33- l»7* f<

Duties to bt	gfeafe; stnd that the faid feveral duties herein-before granted

the min* er^	railed* levied, recovered, and paid* in (uch manner and

prefcribetTby 'form, and by fuch ways, means, and methods, and under fucb former laws7 penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned and exprefled in tht reiatmgto the feveral adts now in force relating to his Majefty’s cuftoms; and to bT^d^nto ^amc ^ un<*cr f^c management and direction of the thee^equen rcfpe6iv« commiflioners of the cuftoms, and their officers for * the time being, and (hall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the cuftoms in England, and (hall be by him paid (the neceflary charges of railing collecting, and anfwering the fame, only excepted) into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, dif-tindt and apart firom all other monies which fuch receiver-general (hall receive for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, (	for	the ufes and purpofes in this afi mentioned.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, A book to be That there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the audit-provided by or of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which thea^torfor a|| the monies arifing from the faid duties, and paid into the re-Sd dunes fe- CCIP*» as aforefaid, mall be entered feparate and apart from all parately. other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, upon any account whatsoever; and the faid money fo paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer as aforefaid, (hail be there referved for the difpofition of parliament*

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for building a bridge over the river Thames, at the town of Healey upon Thames, in the county of Oxford, and making commodious ayenues thereto ; for widening fome part of the high ftreet and the market place; for lighting and watching, for reguladng the footways in, and for removing nuifances, obftructions, and annoyances front the faid town.

Preamble. That the wooden bridge now at Henley belongs to the corporation s who receive money out ot divers houfes, Sec. for fupporting the laid bridge; part of which income bath been expended in fupporting the fame. That they raifed other money by mortgage of other eftates and bonds, &c. and there now remain 6001. due to the corporation. That it would be an advantage to the town to remove the middle row and old market houfe, and light the town and eftabtifli a watch, See. The coi-poration and commiflioners iropowered to build a bridge acrofs the Thames near the prefent bridge. The bridge (hall be built fo as not to prejudice the navigation of the river Thames. The fpan of the centre arch to be 40 feet, and height 16 feet, and fpring 10 feet above the bed of the river. The bridge to be 17 feet wide, and no houfes. Sec. thereon, except toll houfes. Commiflioners meetings for bridge bufinefs. On fail* ore of a fuflicient number of commiflioners, the cleik may aiiourn. Quorum of the commiflioners to be twelve at Ieaft. When commiflioners die, &c. new ones to be appointed by the furviving or remaining comtmf-floners. No member of the corporation, or other commiflioner, to aft where interefted. Commiflioners may appoint a clerk, treafurer, coll eft. or, furveyor, and other officers, and their fucceflors; who are to give /ecu-rity. Officers to account upon oath, and pay the balance. Upon non payment of balance, commiflioners may bring aftion?, or joftices may inquire into the default. Balance may be levied by diftrefs, Sec. Allowances to officers, to be -made by commiflioners out of .the tolls. Accounts of the bridge to be kept feparate from any other bufinefs. Victuallers not to hold places of profit. Commiflioners maypurchafe lands, Sec. particularly thofe in the fcbedule referred to. Incapacitated perfoni enabled to

treat

Digitized by Google

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGII III. C.33.

trear. On refufal to treat, &c. damage and recompence to be fettled br ft jury. Witneffes to be fammoned, and examined upon oath. Verdlit of the jury* Sec. to be final. Commiffioners may iflue their warrant to the fhrriJf to impannel a jury. Commiffioners may impofe a fine on the (heriff, Sec. making default m the pretoifes, not exceeding 10I. nor lefs than ios. Commiffioners, on payment of fums a fluffed, to take pofieffion of land$, Sec. Commiffioners to take down the prefent bridge. Power to take in part of the chutch-yard. to widen the aventie to the bridge, and to pOtr-chafe otlnr ground in lieu thereof. For taking down certain alms hou-fits upon providing others. Surveyors may get materials for building and repairing the bridge, from wafte grounds grads : or from private grounds, making fatisfa&ion for damages: but not out of the Thames, (except drift fand) without confent of the commiffioners of navigation. Bridge vetted in the corporation. Pet Tons damaging the new bridge deemed guilty of felony. Owners of barges, &c. made anfwerable for their men. A ferry or temporary bridge to be provided when the bridge is not pafla-We. Ferry not to continue longer than is neceflary. No ferry to be hereafter ufed within one mile and an half of the bridge. Bridge to be called Henley bridge: and part of the parifh of Henley; and not a county bridge* Offenders* may be proceeded againft before two juftices of Henley, as if offence were committed in the town. Gates to be erelted, and tolls taken. For every horfe. Sec. drawing, jd. for the like not drawing, id. For cattle per fcore, tod. For calves, fheep, lambs or fwine per icore, «d. Tolls veiled in the commiffioners. Toll man may deny pafTage over bridge to perfons refufing to pay and may dtftrain cattle, &c. or other goods, and fell the fame in four days. Gate to be fet on the prefent bridge, and tolls taken. Tolls to be paid but once a day. Half toll for carnages with corn on market days. Commiffioners may vary the tolls. For exempting the owner of Marfh Mills from payment of toll for carrying corn or grain from Henley to the faid mills, to be ground, or for meal or flour to Henley, upon condition of paying 4I. per ann. till a turnpike-road, made from Wargrave to Henley, and a gate fet up between the faid mills and bridge, and then faid payment to ceafe, and toll to be taken. Tolls to be free from taxes, Stc. Commiffioners may leafe the tolls. Exemptions from tolls. Carriages with materials for highway or bridge, or dung for land. Hay, or corn in the ftraw to be laid up within two miles of the bridge; going to or returning from election s for Ox ford fbire or Berk (hire : Poft horfe or cart with mail: Soldiers on inarch and their

rriages s Vagrants moved by pafTes, or cattle going to pafture in the parities of Henley and Remenham. Penalty on illegal claims, 40s. Penalty on evading tolls 40s. Commiffioners may borrow money upon the credit of the tolls; and the tolls afligned as a fecurity : according to the form of •ffigninent fet forth. Copies of affignments to be entered. No money to be borrowed after the firtt meeting without publick notice. Affignments may be transferred according to the form of transfer fet forth. Afiign-snents to be notified to the treafurer, and entered in a book to be keptTor that purpoie. Creditors to be deemed equal in dtg^e without preference for priority. Perfons defirous of having their money to give fix months notice to the treafurer or clerk. Power of raifing money by granting annuities: not exceeding soool. nor above 10 per cent, charged on the tolls. Annuities to be publickly fold. Annuities to be filled up as oftfn as any die, until mortgages paid off. Books to be provided, and the names of annuitants entered. Annuities to be for the lives of the contributors, or fuch perfons as they (ball nominate. Annuities to be tax free. Annuities may be aifigned. Tolls, and other monies to be applied, firft to pay cofts of a6t, then 600I. and intereft to the corporation, and all other debts incurred on account of the old bridge and building, Sic. the new one,and making roads and other matters directed by the act and no other. Certain furplus money to be applied for the ufe of the new bridge. In* tereft to be paid twice a year. Proceedings to be entered in books. Duration of the tolls, till all the purpofes directed by the aft be completed and then the tolls to ceafe, and the corporation to fupport the bridge at at preterit. Firit mceting'of the corporation for the other purpofes of this a&, in the guildhall of Henley. Future meetings, firit friday in every month.

T a	To

Digitized by (^.ooQle

«6*	.Anno	vlcefimo primsGeorgn III, C;34.

To pay their own expences. All the powers by this aft vefted in the corporation , to be exercifed by the major part aflfcmbled at any publick meeting, where there (hall be fourteen members prefent. Pavements, See. vefted in the corporation. Corporation may order foot-paths to be paved. Corporation to ereft lamps, and appoint Watchmen. For punifhing per-fons wilfully breaking lamps, &c. Two juftices for theto*n may grant warrants, See. firft offence 10*. fecond 15s. third xos. and fatisfaftion for damages. On nonpayment of forfeiture, Sec. offender to be committed. Per?ons accidentally breaking lamps, Sec. to make good the damage, power to make contrafts, Sec. Power to make rates. Rates vefted in the corporation. On nonpayment of rates, power to diftrain. Rates due on houies to be paid by perfons removing from, and by thofe who occupy the premifes, in due proportion. Landlords to be airefled for houfes let to two or more tenants, to be paid by any occupier, and dedufted out of rent. Lofles to be made good by reafTeffment. Perfons paying this not liable to pay any other rate. Corporation may borrow money, not exceeding ioooI. and afllgn the rates as a fecurity. Claufe to prevent nui-fances in the ftreets. Water (hall be conveyed down from roofs or tops of houfes $ as direfted by the corporation. To be done at the expence of the proprietors. No perfon to alter the pavement. Power to take down ligns, Sec. The old market houfe and the middle row, may be pulled down ; the charges to be paid by the corporation. Bull dogs and ma-ftiffs to be muzzled when at large. Penalty for interrupting workmen | firft offence 10s. fecond offence 40s. third or other jl. Writings to be without ftamps. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered, on proof, before two juftices of the town; by diitrefs and Tale of goods, and paid to the treafurer. Offender may be committed for 3 months and not lefs than 14 days. Limitation of a&ions in fix months. General iflue. Treble cofts. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Satisfaftion for fpeci-al damage. Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form, or remove-able by certiorari. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefilons, giving S days notice. Rights of the corporation preferved. Publick aft.

C A P. XXXIV.

An a£l fot further continuing and amending the feveral afts pajfei for preventing the frauds and abufes committed in the admeajurer ment of coals within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and that part of the duchy of Lancafter adjoining thereto, and the feveral parifes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Bon, and fuch part of the parijb of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlefex.

Preamble. Tt THERE A S the laws for preventing frauds and abufes com-V V mit ted in the admeafurement of coals within the city and liberty 0/Weftminfter, and that part of the duchy of Lancafter adjoining thereto, and the feveral parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Bon, and fuch part of the parijb of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlefex, have been found ufeful and beneficial, and are near expiring, may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent Former afts parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That further conti- an act, pafled in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late ma-nued until jefty King George the Second, intituled. An aflmore cffcQualdy to June 24,1795* prevent the frauds and abufes committed in the admeafurement of c*	coals within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and that part of

Digitized by

1781,3 Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGII III. c. 34.	3163

the dttcfy of Lancnftcr adjoining thereto, and the feveral par ifkcs of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary !e Bon, and fuch part of the parijb of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middle-fex 5 which ad was continued by feveral fubfequent ads, pafled in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his (aid late Majefty, was continued by two ads, pafled in the thirty-firft and thirty-fecond years or the fame reign, and was amended by the laft of fuch ads, and, fubjed to fuch amendments, further continued, by an ad pafled in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, (hall be, and . the fame are hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth day of June, which will be in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, and from thencp, to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; except fuch parts of the faid ad of the nineteenth year of his late majefty King George the Second, as were altered by the faid fubfequent ad of the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his faid Majefty.

II. And whereas by the before-mentioned oft, paffed in the twenty- Preamble f tbirdyear of the rei^n of bis late Majejly, a penalty of ten pounds rccit»ng that was impofed upon the principal coal meters, on neglefling to Jlation labouring coal meters at the feveral wharfs within the limits aeferib- pofed on coal td in the before mentioned aft, paffed in the nineteenth year of the meter* by a4 reign of his faid late Majejly, and alfo a penally offorty/hillings on the 13 9*0, the labouring coal meter or coal meters neglefting to attend and per- c*1 * form their duty at the time, and in fuch manner as by that aft is di-rifted \ and whichJaid penalties were fever ally impofed whil/l all the mis /old within fu<;b limits were impelled to be meafured by fuch coal meters: And whereas, by the before mentioned ftatute, paffed in the thirty fecond year of the reign of his faid late Majejly, it was dialled, that none of the proyifions made by the faid aft of the nineteenth year of the reign; of bis faid ^te Majefty, or by that aft, relating to the payment of any fum or fums of Money for or on Account $f the admeasurement, or infpeftion of the admeafurement, of coals, or to the punifhment of any dealer in coals, or carter, on account of fend-ing, carrying, or loading coals from any wharf or place within the limits therein mentioned, Jhculd take place and be in force, except in fuch cafes only when the buyer of fuch coals fhould have fignifted, by notice in writing to one of the principal coal meters, or one oj the labouring coal meters, his or her defire to have the attendance of a coal meter to infpeft the admeafurement of his or her coals, and where a ml meter fhould, purjuant to fuch notice, attend, and aftually infpeft the admeafurement of the whole quantity of fuch coals: and whereas doubts have arifen whether the before-mentioned penalties are not fill in force, notwithflanding the claufe herein loft before recited $ and it htng unreafonable to fubjtft the faid principal coal meters, and their labouring coal meters, to the faid penalties, when by the faid claufe the admeafurement of coals is left to the option of the pur chafer thereof and CQfiftqutnth the principal ccal meters are not fecure of any .	.	f	T3	fixed

Digitized by Google

2 6*

The faid penalties not to take place unlefs proper notice in writing be left at the coal meters office, &c.

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. C-3S- [178*.

fixed or certain income to defray the expence of ftationing fucb meters as aforcfa\d\ be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid* That none of the faid penalties infli&ed by the faid recited a&, pafled in the twenty-third year of the reign of his faid late Ma-jefty, (hall hereafter in any manner take place, unlefs notice in writing (hall be left at the coal meters office, fix hours at the lead before any parcel of coals is required by the buyer to be admeafured; and which notice (hall be ftgned by the feller of fuch coals, and (hall fpecify the wharf where the attendance of the coal meter is required, and the hour of fuch attendance; and unlefs the faid principal coal metess (hall negledt or refufe to Ration a labouring coal meter agreeably to fuch notice, or fuch labouring coal meter, fo to be Rationed, (hall negled* or refufe to attend and do his duty accordingly; any thing in the ' faid aft contained to the contrary thereuf notwithftanding.

C A P. XXXV.

An aft for building a bridge over the river Adur, at or near old Short* Kara, in the county of Suficx.

Preamble. A bridge wanted to be built near the ferry over the river Adur, at or near old Shoreham Suflexj the eti 1 of Surry owner of eftate tuere, whereof the faid ferry is part, is willing fuch bridge fhould be built. Truftees names. When truftees die. See. new ones to be cbofen by the remaining truftees. Qualification of trultees | 401, per ann. or beir to toL per ann. or worth 8001, perfonal. Penalty on acting not being qualified, 401. Truflecs may all as iuftices, unlefs perfonally intereded. Dirtying the meetings of the trultees. Adjournments by three truftees. Truf-tees may appoint clerk s,coUe&ors,and other officers,and allow them faiaries. Officers to account, and pay the balance. Penalty on officers negk&ing to account for 14 days may be committed to goal. Officers to give feca-rity. Truftees, or any five impowered to build the bridge, Sec. Power to take in a piece of watte land for the feite of the tollhoufe, garden, 5cc. or a parcel of indofed land, on making coippenfation. If the parties dif-agree about the compen&tion, the fame to.be afeertained by a jury. Jurors may be challenged. Verdict of the jury, 5cc. to be final. The money adjudged by the jury, to be paid to the owner of the land. The bridge and other things veiled in the truftees. Penalty on periods care-lefsfy damaging the bridge, &c. 5I. and not lefs than 5 s. or the truftees may bring an a&ion for damages. Penalty on perfons wilfully de&roying the bridge, &c. felony, or as in cafe of petit larceny. T|>e bridge to be extra parochial, and not to be deemed a county bridge. Truftees impowered to take the following tolls; Every coach, See. with four wheels a s. and every horfe drawing the fame, 6 d. Every chaife, See. with two wheels Id. and every horfe drawing the fame, fid. Every waggon, 5cc. 1 s. and every horfe or beaft drawing the fame, 3d. Every cart, 5cp. yd. and every horfe drawing the fame, 3d. Every horfe, Sec. not drawing, 3d. Every fcore of oxen* cows, or neat cattle, is. 8d. Every fcore ot calves, Iwgi* (heep, 5rc. tod. And every foot pafienger, one halfpenny. Carnagesnad cattle may pafs and return in the fame day for one toll. Foot pofleagess to pay every time of palling. Tolls veiled in the truftees. ColleQor may prevent the pafiage until payment of the tolls. Penalty on evading the tolls, Sec. 10 s. by diftrefs. Truftees may let the tolls. The money already fubfpribed being 50001. (hall be applied towards the purposes of the all. Contributors of tool. or upwards, to appoint their nominees, for wbofe lives they are to receive a dividend of the clear profits by June 14, 17X1. or to be confidered as his own nominee. Names of contributors and nominees to be regiftered. Contributory upon payment of their money, to receive a receipt, and an order for payment or. their dividends.

Digitized by <^.ooQle

1781.3	Anno vicedmo primo GeorgII III. c. 35,

deads. The lives of the nominees to be divided into three clafles according to their ages. Dividends to be apportioned between the clades, and the proportion of each clafs to be equally divided amongft the contri-buton. Tne dividends to be paid yearly. The contributors to have the benefit of furvi voilhip. The (hares may be aligned or deviled according to this form*

I Do aflign the within order, and ajl my right, title, and intereft in and to the lame, and the dividends payable thereon, unto executors, adminiftrators, and afligns. Witnefs my hand and feal, this	day of

Arguments and wills to be rpgiftered, and the execution proved. Before payment of the dividends, certificates to be produced of the lives of the nominees. The (hares not claimed within three years, to go amongft the other contributors. Subscribers, in default of paying their fubferiptions, may be fued. Actions brought in the name of the treafurer, not to be dftfeominued by his deaths or removal. The prefent leafe of the ferry vacated. Ferry vefted in the truftees. Com pen Cation to be made to the. IdTcei, Annual fum of aol. to be paid to lord Surrey for the ferry. For recovery of the annual rent,' may enter on the bridge, &c. fill paid with cods. Ferry to be provided in cafe the bridge (hall become impaflable. If the bridge become impaflable by means of the wilful negleft of lord Surrey, See. he (hall only be entitled to the fame toll for patting the ferry as heretofore. When nominees are all deceafed, the tolls and the powers of the truftees to ceaie, and the bridge, See. to become vefted in lord Surrey. Lord Surrey authorized to colle& tolls towards keeping the bridge ip repair, and making compenfation for the ferry after his annuity ceafes. Tolls to be reduced, viz. For every coach, Stc. with four wheels, gd. and every horCe drawing the fame, sd. Every chaile, See. with two wheels* ad. and every horfc drawing the fame, ad. Every waggon. See. ad. and every horie drawing the lame, id. Every Cart, 3d. ana every horfe drawing the fame, 1 3, Every,horie not drawing, 1 d. Every fcore of oxen, See. 10 d. Every fcore of calves, &c. sd. And for landing goods, per ton. 1 d. and lets quantity, one half-penny. The faid tolls vefted in lord ' Surrey. Penalty on evading payment of the tolls, the fame as before mentioned. How jpfticcs are to proceed for conviction of offenders.! Form of too vision .

Suflex 7 DE it remembered, That on the	day of

fo wit. Jf -D	in	the	year	of	the	reign

of his Majefty	A. B. is confuted before me,

one of his Majefty vs jqftkes of the peace for the faid county of Suflex, by virtue of an aft of parliament, made in the t«emy-firft year of the reign of his maiefty King George the Third. [Here fet forth the title of the aft, and fpeeny the offence, and the tjme and place when and where the fame was committed, as the cafe (hall be.]

Given under my band and fea1? the day and year aforefaid-

Pfrfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions, giving tr days notice. Proceedings not to be qua (bed* nor diftrefs deemed unlawful, for want of form. Proceedings to be entered M* books. Writings to be with* out ftarops. Limitation of aftions to 3 calendar months after the faft committed, to be laid and tried in Suflex, and the defendant may plead the general iflue, and give the aft and fpetiql matter in evidence, and have treble pofts. This to be a pubCck aft*

T4	CAP.

Digitized by Google

2 66

Anno vicefimo prime Georgii III. c. 36.	[1781.

C A P. XXXVI.

An a£l for amending, regulating, deanfing, lighting, watching, and keeping in repair, the ltreets, lanes, and palfages, within the borough of The Devizes, in-the county of Wilts; and for preventing nuifances, annoyances, and obltruttions therein.

Preamble. The borough of The Devizes a confiderfrble market, and a very great thoroughfare in the high road between London and Bath. Trul-tees names. When truftees die, or refufe to aCt, Sec. new ones to he cliofen by the remaining truftees; to be inhabitants of the borough. Qualification of truftees, owner of 10I. per ann. or rated at til. per ana* Penalty on a&ing not being qualified, 501. v Truftees meetings. Adjournments may be by two truftees. Truftees in the commiffion of the peace may aCl as juftices, (except perfonally interefted or as making rates) and may admimfter oaths. Aftions may be brought in the name or treafurer or clerk. Truftees may appoint a clerk, furveyors, collectors, and other officers, and allow them falaries. Treafurer to account. Officers to give /ecurity. Officers to account upon oath, and to pay the balance. On re-fulal to render accounts, or deliver up any books, Sec. to be committed until payment, and delivering up books, Sec. Oh death or bankruptcy of officers, executors. Scc. to make good deficiency, previous to the payment o>f any other debts, and indemnified for fo doing, and may plead fuch payment in any action. Penalty on executors, &c. for neglect thereof. Trvf* tees may bring a&ion if debt under 401. or for damages and cofts. Streets, Sec. to he paved, amended, and deanfed. Truftees may bring actions for breach of contract. Inhabitants to fwtep before their houfes. Chute for preventing nuifances, and annoyances in the ftreets. None but fcavenger to carry away dirt, See. which he is to do in fix hours after ltreets arc fwept, which to be done twice in every week, on penalty of aos. But in-'	habitants	mar take the dirt before their houtes tor their own ufe ; 'and

bring dung from their back yards in order to be carried away, in 04 hours. For preventing nuifances by hogftves, Sec. Notice by five trul-tees to be remoyed in 3 days, on penalty ot 10s. per day after. Promfi-ons refpe&ing annoyances and dbnru&ions not to extend to houtes building or rebuilding. The publick drains, &c. to be cleanfed, by order and at the expence of the truftees. Materials may be taken from wale grounds, See. Truftees may caufe lamps to be fet up; and may appoint watchmen. Penalty on watchmen neglefting their duty, not more than 5s. nor lefs than as. for every offence. Penalty on perlbns wilfully damaging lamps,ire. 10s. and fatisfaCtion for damages, or to be committed 3 months. Penalty on interrupting workmen,not more than 40s. nor lefs than 5s. Property of lamps, Sec. vetted in truftees. Truftees to make a rate for pur-chafing lamps. Sec. not more than t s. per pound, per ann. Tenants to pay, and deduCt it out of their rent. Rate for cleanfing and keeping in repair, and tor lighting and watching, to be expended in the parith where raled. Limitation of rates, for paving, Sec. 6d. per pound in the parilh of St. John, and the old difparked park and 9d. per pound in- the parith of St. Mary: apd for lighting and watching, 9d. per pound in each pariih. The old difparked park, and tenements under 4I. per ann. not being fhops, exempted from rates for lighting, and watching, or keeping lmm, «c. in repair. The furveyors to be collectors. Manner of recovcrinztpe rates, by diftrefs and fale. Goods may be followed for levying the dutreft in any other county, Set. Rates to be recovered on tenants quitting* tec. before payment, or houtes, Sec. being empty, the premifes made fecurity, and the goods of the next occupier, or by aCtion againft the landlord with cofts. Hares (hall be paid where tenants Acupy only part of the year, in proportion to the time. Truftees may mitigate the rates. Collectors embezzling any of the rates, to be raifed by a reafleflment. Double tolls on Sundays at Seend Gate, Fpttern Gate, Nurfteed Gate, and Green Gate, as a Sunday Street Toll, to be veiled in the truftees. To be recovered by diftrefs. In cafe of difpute concerning tolls and charges, the matter to be teuled by a juftice. Truftees may ere£t turnpikes and toll-boutesi

or

Digitized by Looq le

1781.] • Anno vitefimo pritno Georg ii III. c	267

or tbc prefent turnpikes, &c. may be ufed. Tolls to be paid but once a day. Tolls may be varied. Truftees may let the tolls. Penalty on forcibly paflirig through the gates without paying, Sec. 4.0 s. befides damages apd other punift}raer)ta thereto liable by law. Truftees may borrow money, and ofljgn the tolls and rates a? a iecurity. Form of alignment, viz.

TJY virtue of an aft, made in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his If m a jetty Kin& George theThird; for-amending, regulating, cleanfing, fignting, watching, and keeping in repair, the ftreets, lanes,.and paftages, within the borough of The Devizes, in the county of Wilts; and for preventing nuifances, annoyances, and obdruftions therein j we of the truftees, in cdnftderation of the fum of	.to the

treasurer in hapd pajd, flo grant, bargain, fell, and demife, unto A. £• 1 his executors, admimltrators, and afligns, fuch proportion of the tolls by the faid aft granted,' and of the rates thereby directed to be made, as the laid fum of *■<-**' doth or (hall bear to the whole fum due and owing on the credit thereof; to be had and holden from this, day-of	until	the	faid	fum of	with in-

tereft at the rate of	per centum per annum, (hall be paid

and fatisfied.

To be entered by the cferk in a book gratis; "Form of transfer, vis,

I Do transfer this mortgage, with all my right and title to the principal hereby fecured, and tp all the intereft now due upon the fame* unto his executors, adminiftrators, and aiTigns. Dated this

day of

Transfers to be like wife entered. Sums under 501. may be transferred without a witnefs. .Expences of this aft to be paid out of the firft money anting. Determination of the office of furveyor of highways for The Devizes. Writings to be without damps. Tines upon the inhabitants on indiftment, are to be paid by the treafurer or clerk by order of court*

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefftons. When the corporation is interefted, the appeal to be tp the quarter feffion for the county of Wilts. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered bv diftrefc, and applied for the purpofes of this aft, and if no goods,offender to becommitted for not more than 3 months, nor lefs than 14. days. Form of cotaviftioa before one or morejuftices, viz*

BE it remembered. That on the	day.of	A.	B.	is am*

vifted before me for us, C. D. E. F.] of his Majefty's judices of the peace for the borough of The Devizes for, county of Wats,] fpecify-ing the offence, and time and place when and where the fame was com* mated, [as the cafe (halt be.]

Given under my [or our] hand and feal, [or hands and feals,] the day and year firlt above written*

Truftees may compound for penalties.* Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form. Diitrefe not illegal for want of form. Power to tender amends. Aftiooa not to be brought without *i days notice, nor after 6 calendar months. Defendants may plead the general iffuc, and give the aft. and fpecial matter in evidence. Defendants to have treble cods,

Publickaft* -

CAP.

Digitized by LjOOqLc

$G&	Anna	vicefimo	primo	Georgii	III. c. 37. [1781,

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft to explain and amend an aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An act to prevent (he exportation to foreign parts of ptenfils made ufe of in the cotton, linen, woollen, and (ilk manufactures of this kingdom.

Preamble*	\Kf HEREAS by an aft made in the fourteenth year of

Q	VV the reign of his prefent Mdjefty, intituled. An ad to pre-

recited. *** vent ^P0**3**011 to foreign parts of utenfils made ufe of in the cotton, linen, woollen, and filk manufactures of this kingdom, certain provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, are provide fd, inflifted,* and impofecL, for the purpoft of preventing and prohibiting the 'exportation into foreign parts {except to any port or place within Great Britain or Ireland) of all fucb tools or utenfils MS are commonly ufed in, or are proper for the preparing, Working Up9 orjnijbitfg, of the cotton or linen manufaftures of this kingdom \ and alfo for the preventing and prohibiting all and every perfen or perfons wbomfoever from the collefting, obtaining, or having in bis» her, or their cuJlody or poffeffton, with intent to export, any tools or implements ufed as well in the faid cotton or linen, as in the woollen or filk manufaftures of this kingdom: And whereas the penalties and forfeitures to which offenders ogainft the fold aft are thereby Jubjeft* ed and mode liable, and the provifions, powers, and remedies there* by made and provided, for the recovery and enforcing of fitch penalties and forfeiturety are found inadequate to the prevention of the evils thereby intended to be remedied; and it is therefore become ne~ ctjjary to make fome further and more effeftual provifion to deter perfons from committing the faid offences, Jo deftruftive to the trade of this kingdom: therefore, for the better preferving to his Majtf-ty's fubjefts the benefits arifing from thofe greed und valuable branches of trade and commerce, and for preventing the faid pernicious practices for the future, <ptd for explaining. amending, and rendering more effeftual, the faid recited aft, be it enadted by the King7? mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflernbled, and by the authority of the fame. That 1 tnTauy^ at any time after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou-perfon in * fond feven’ hundred and eighty-one, any perfon or perfons iq Great Britain Great Britain or Jretynd (hall, upon any pretence whatsoever, or Ireland, \onsi, or put op board, or pack, or caqfe or procure to be ioaden,

put on board 011 »*?rd’ OT P?ked* » to **	on

any veflel any of any (hip or v$(Tel, which (hall not be bound directly to fome

jnachine, tool, port or place in Great Qritain or Ireland, or (hall lade, or caufe

orutenfil, ofed or procure to be laden, on board any boat or other veflel, or

SttonTnen? fl“U brjn8> °r to J* br°ujfht> t0 any .wharf» «

or filk manu- other puce, m order to be fo laden or put on board any fucb fa&ures, or	(hip or veflel, any machine, engine, tool, prefs, paper, utertfil,

any model of or implement whatfoever, which now is, or at any time or time* fiich machine, tyrtgfqp. (hall or may be ufed ip or proper for the preparing,

’	.	porting)

1781.] Anno viceGmo primo GeorGII HI. c.37.

working, preffing, finifhing, or completing, of the woollen, cot- , ton, linen, or (ilk manufactures of this kingdom, or any or ei-ther of them, or any other goods wherein wool,, cotton, linen, or dJk, or any or either of them, are or is ufed, or any part or parts of fiich machine, engine, tool, prefs, paper, utenfil, or implement, by what name or names foever the fame (hall, be called or known ; or any model or plan, or models or plans, of J any fuch machine, engine, tool, prefs, paper, utenfil, or implement, or any part or parts thereof, and complaint being; made, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any juflice or juftices of the peace, it (ball and may be lawful to and 6or fuch juft ice or juftices of the peace to iffue bis or *“7 faMce their warrant or warrants, hot only to.feize all fuch machines, ^arrant"^ engines, tools, prefs, papers, utenfils, or implements, and part feizihg tuch or parts thereof, and all fuch model or plan, models, or plans, machme*, &c. and part or parts thereof, together with the packages, and all and bringing other goods packed therewith, if any fuch there be, but alfo to bring the perfon or perfons fo complained of before .him or	'

them, or fotne other of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the lame county, city, riding, divifioo, liberty, (hire, ftewartry, or place i and if, when fuch perfon or peribns (hall he brought before fuch juftice, or juftices, he, (he, or they, (hall not give *"d if a fatif-fuch an account of the ufe or purpofe to which fuch machines, engines, tools, prefs, papers, utenfils, or implements, and part given to the or parts thereof, and all fuch model or plan, models or plans, juftice, he may and part or parts thereof, are intended to be appropriated, as detain fuch lhall be fatisfactory to the juftice or juftices before whom he,	bind’the'

file, or they (hail be brought as aforelaid, then, and in fuch cafe, party to ap. it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices, not pear at the only to caufe all fuch machines, engines, tools, prefs, papers, next affixes utenfils, or implements, models, or plans, or part or parts there- • pf, which (hall have been feized as aforelaid, together with the packages, and all other gooda packed therewith, to be detained, • b|it alCo to bind the perfon or perfons fo charged to appear at the next affixes, general gaol delivery, or qparter fefficms of the peace for the county, city, riding, divifion, ftewartry, or place, where fuch offence lhall be committed, with reafonable fureties for bis, her, or their appearance; and iu cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall refufe or neglect to give fuch fecurity, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or fy”hf parry*" juftices to cortvmit the perlon or perfons fo refufing to the com- may be common gaoj or houfe.of correction, there to be kept until the next mitted. affizei, or next quarter Jefiions, of the county, city, riding, divifion, (him, ftewartry, or place, where fuch commitment (hall be, and until he, (be, or they (hall be delivered by due courfe of law ; and in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons (hall be con- peoajt_ c_ •viriled of ^ny of the offences aforelaid, upon any indictment or conviction! information againft him, her, or them, at inch affizes or quarter feflions of the peace as aforebid, the perfon or perfons fo offending (ball, for every fiich offence, not only forfeit all fuch jn^chmeS} engines, tools, prefs, paper, utenfils, or implements,

models

Digitized by

Google

*

!?<>	Anno	vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 37. [1781,

models or plans, or parts thereof refpedfively, together with	!

the packages, and all other goods packed therewith, if any fuch j there be, bur alfo the fum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain ; and (hall alfo fuffer imprifonment in J the common gaol, prifon, or houfe of corre£lion, of the county, city, riding, divifion, liberty, (hire, ftewartry, or place, wherein fuch offender or offenders lhall be refpe&ively conv idled, for the fpace of twelve months, without bail or mainprize, and until fuch forfeiture lhall be paid*

Cuftom-houfe II. And be it further etia&ed by the authority aforefaid, officers im- That, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of Juney it poweredtp	anci	may faVvful to and for any officer of his Majefty’s

machfnesT&c. cuft°ms *n Great Britain, and to and for any officer of the re* goingtobe * venue in Ireland^ and they are hereby required to feize, and fc-cure in iome or one^of his Majefty’s warehoufes, all fuch machines, engines, tools, prefe, papers, utenfils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, and all and every fuch model or plan, models 1 ‘' or plans, or part or parts thereof, as fuch officer (hall find or difeover, to be laid or put on board, or intended to be laid or put on board of any (hip, veffel, or boat, which (hall not be bound diredtly to fome port or place in Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, together wjth the packages, and all other goods packed therewith (if any . . fuch there be), and they are hereby indemnified in fo doing; aud all machines, engines, tools, prefe, papers, utenfils, and implements, or part or parts thereof, model or plan, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, together with the packages, and other goods packed therewith, fo feized and fecured as aforefaid, (hall, after condemnation thereof in •dqe courfe of law, be pub-,	•	^	lipkly fold to the beft bidder, by order of the commiffioners of

the cuftotns inGreqt Britain, or commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland> refpedlively; and one moiety of the produce arifing by the (ale thereof, after dedu&ing the charges of condemnation and fale, lhall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, and the other moiety to the officer who (hall feize and ppofecute the fame as aforefaid.

Ill* And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, froip and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, if the f^uins^ak- caPta*n or roafter of any (hip, veffel, or boat, in Great Britain ing on board or Ireland, (hall knowingly or defignedly permit or fuffer any any fuch ma- machine, engine, tool, prefe, paper, utenfil, or implement, chine, &c.	or part or parts thereof, or any model or plan, or part or parts

thereof, by this adt prohibited to be exported a$ aforefaid, to be put on board his faid (hip, veflel, or boat, every fuch captain or mafter (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds j and if the faid (hip, veffel, or boat, (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, then the captain, or mailer thereof, (hall not only forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, but (hall alfo forfeit his employment, and be incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majefty, hi* heirs or fucceffors,

IV. And

Digitized by booQle

1781] Artrid vicfefimo primd GEdRGii III. c. 37.	S71

IV.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaidj Penalty on That if any cuftomer, comptroller, lurveyor, fearchcr, waiter, c^om-houfe or other officer of the cuftoms in Great Britain, or any officer ^n^ke any of the revenue in Ireland, (hall take, or knowingly or willingly entry out-fuffer to be taken, any entry outward, or (hall fign any cocket, ward, &c. for warrant, or fufferance, for the (hipping or exporting, of any of exporting any the faid machines, engines, tools, prefs, papers, utenfils, or im- eld machines1" plements, or any part or parts thereof, or any of the faid models &c,

or plans, or any part or parts thereof, by this a<St prohibited to be exported, or (hall knowingly or willingly permit or fuffer the fame to be done, diredly or indiredly, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a61, every fuch cuftomer, comptroller, furveyor, fearcher, waiter, or other officer of the cuftonhs of Gnat Britain, or officer of the revenue in Ireland, Ihall, for e-very fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and (hall alfo forfeit his office, and be incapable of holding any of* fice or employment under his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors.

V.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore*

faid. That the feveral penalties and forfeitures hercin-before Penalties and mentioned (the manner of recovery whereof is not herein-before forfeitures particularly directed) (hall and may be fued for and recovered, j^^and" by aetton of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of hi» Ma-jetty’s courts of record at IVeftminJler, or in the court of feffioa in Scotland, or in any of the four courts at Dublin, in the name of his Majetty’s attorney general, or lord advocate, or in the name of fome officer or officers of the cuftom$ in Gnat Britain, or fome officer or officers of the revenue in Ireland refpedUvety ; wherein no effoin, prote&ion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed y and that one moiety pf the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall go and be applied to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, and the other moir ety to the ufe of fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms or revenue, as (hall fue and profecute for the fame refpediiveiy, after deducting the charges of profecution from the whole. ,

VI.	And be it further enadle^ by the authority aforefaid* if oath ffiall be ‘That,1 from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June,, if any made before a perion or perfons hath or have in his, her, or their cuftody, pow- jufticc of any cr, or pofteffion, or (hall collect, obtain, make, apply for, or f“£h prohibi-caufe or procure to be made, any fuch machine, engine, tool, &c belng^n-* prefs, paper, utenfil, or implement, or any part or parts thereof, tended to be or any fuch model or plan, models or plans, or part or parts exported, they thereof as aforefaid, with intent to export, or that the fame may ma7 J*

be exported to fome other port or place than Great Britain or	the^*rion

Ireland, and complaint being made, upon the oath of one or in whofepof-more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any juftice or juftices feffion they are of the peace, that there is reafon to believe fuch perfon or per^ f°u°d may be fons hath or have in his, her, or their cuftody, power, or poffef- p^ra^the* (ion, or hath or have collected, obtained, made, applied for, or next affixes, caufed or procured to be made, any fuch machine, engine, tool, &c. prefs, paper, utenfil, or implement, or part or parts thereof, or any fucb model or plan, of models or plans, or part or parts

thereof.

Digitized by LjOOQle

ajt	Aftno	Vicedmo primo GeoRgii III. c. 37.	[	178

thereof, as aforefaid, with intent to export, or that the fame may be exported to fome other port or place than Great Britain or Ireland; then, and in any of the faid cafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftice or juftices of the peace to iffue his or their warrant or warrants to feize all fuch machines, engines, tools, prefs, papers, utenfils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, and all fuch models or plans, or part or parts thereof as aforefaid, and to bring the perfon or perfons fo complained of before him or them, or fome other of his Majefty’s • juftices of the peace for the fame county, city, riding, divifion, (hire, ftewartry, or place; and if fuch perfon or perfons (hall not give fuch an account of the ufe or purpofe to which fuch machines, engines, tools, prefs, papers, utenfils, or implements, or part or parts, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, is, are, or were intended to be appropriated, as (hall be fatisfac-tory to the juftice or juftices before whom he, (he, or they (hall be brought as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftfcfe or juftices to caufe all fuch machines, engines, tools, prefs, paper, utenfils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, models ot plans, or part or parts thereof, which (hall have been fo feized as aforefaid, to be detained, and alfo to bind the perfon or perfons fo charged to appear at the next affixes, general gaol delivery, or quarter feffions of the peace, for the county, city, riding, divifion, (hire, ftewartry, or place where fuch offence (hall be committed, with reafonable On nested of ^uret'es f°r his, her, or their appearance; and in cafe fuch per-giving fecuri- fon or perfons (hall refufe or negleft to give fuch fecurity, then ty, the party and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch ju-may ** com* dice or juftices to commit fuch perfon or perfons to the county nutted. gaol, prifon, or houfe of correction, there to remain until the next ftffiees or quarter feffions of the county, city, riding, dtvi-fion, liberty, ftewartry, or place, where fuch commitment (hall be, and until he, (he, or they (hall be delivered by due courfe Penalty on of law; and in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons (nail be con-convimoa. vi&ed, upon any indictment or information againft him, her, or them, alt fuch affixes or quarter feffions of the peace as afore-laid, of having in his, her, or their cuftody, power, or poffeffi-on, or of having collected, obtained, made, applied for, orcau-fed or procured to be made, any fuch machine, engine, tool, prefs, paper, utenfil, or implement, or part or parts thereof, model or plan, or part or parts thereof, with fuch intent as a-forefaid, then and in fuch cafe the perfon or perfons fo convicted (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe all fuch machines, engines, tools, prefs, papers, utenfils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, which (hall be fo feized and detained, and alfo the fum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and (hall fuffer imprifonment in the common gaol of the county, city, riding, divifion, (hire, ftewartry, or place, wherein fuch offender or offenders refpeCtively (hall be convicted, for the fpace of twelve months, without bail or mainprize, and until

luch

Digitized by

*7$**] Anno vicetimo primo Qc^RGii 111. c g$f	*7#

iuch forfeiture (hall be paid. Provided neverthelel^ That no ^ofecutionJ9 perfon (hall be profecutcd for any of the offences aforefaid, in this daufe mentioned, unlefs fuch profccution (hall be eofflmen- months, ced within the fpace of twelve month^ next after fuch offence (hall be committed.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Forfeitures That the refpedive forfeitures by this a<fl infli&ed upon offend- (where not o-ers again ft the fame, (hall, when recovered, (where the fame is yided) togo* not by this a6k otherwife provided), go and be applied to the to tbeintorm-ufe of the informer, after the expences of the profecution are «r.

paid.

VIII.	And be it further ena£ted by the authority aforefaid. Limitation of That if any fuit or aflion (hall be commenced againft any per- anions.

fon for what he (hall do in purfuance of this ad, fuch fuit or

a&ion (hall be commenced within fix months next xfter the

fad committed, and the perfon fo fued may file common baii,

ojr enter a common appearance, and plead the general iflue not General iflue,

guilty, and may give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence;

and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nonfuit* or fuffer

difcontinuauce, or if a verdift pafs againft him or her, or if up- TreMe cods.

on demurrer judgement (hall be given hgainft the plaintiff, the

defendant (hall recover, treble cods.

IX.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall Not to extend extend to the preventing wool cards, or (lock cards, not exceed- *D wool car^?» ing in value four (hillings per pair, and fpinners cards not ex- to Aramca. ceeding in value one fhilline and fixpence per pair, ufed in the

laid woollen manufadure, from being exported to any of hi$:

Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An ad for the more eafy and fi>eedy recovery of fmall debts, within the

town and liberties of Beverley, in the county of York, and the feveral

parilhes of the fame town.

Preamble. Beverley a town of great trade. Commiflioners names, who aw? conftituced a court of j ultice. Meetings every fourth Wednefday. Their meetings not to interrupt the bufinqfs of the jufticcs. Commiflioners powers, to near and determine catties, and give judgement, and make orders and decrees, and award execution with colls againft body and goods.

Calting vote, if equally divided to be in mayor, or ienior alderman, or fuit commiflioner if the others be abfent.. When commiflioners die, or refufe to a&, new ones tb be chofen by the 'mayor and aldermen of Severn ley. The mayor aod one alderman, or two aldermen, with fix coinmif-fsoners. ro be fummoned to attend 4. weeks, and fo in order every month.

Commiflioners may fit though not fummoned. In proceeding for recovery of debts under 40s. from inhabitants, or perfons trading. Sic at Beverley,, clerk to iflue procefs to the ferjeant, ex prefling the Turn demanded j to be ferved perfonally, or left at place of abode.in limits of Town. Upon proof thereof, three commiflioners to hear and determine. Commiflioners to adminifter oaths. Upon nonappearance of defendant, to proceed ex parte, Commiflioners, on nonapptarance of plaintiffs, See. may award cofts. Commiflioners may award execution) and may commit the party to common goal till he performs order, but not for longer than % months ; and may levy upon the goods of the party. In cafe party abfeonds, fe* cond execution may be iflued. If court order debt to be paid by infUl-aents, upon default, execution to iflue for the whole. On execution, clerk *	ttf

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno viceflrao primo GEorgii III. c.38.	[(781.

to indorfe the debt and colts, and cofts df execution. To be fuperfeded,in cafe defendant before Tale of goods, or apprehenfton, orexpration of time of iraprifonment, pay debt and cofts, and i s. to clerk, and 2 s. 6d. for goal fees, (if committed.) parties may compromife without leave of the court. A difcretionary power given to the commiflioners in refpedt to imprifon-ment and execution. v Attomies not privileged. Serjeant fuffering efcape, or goods to be carried a*ay, to pky the debt and cofts. The commifRon-era oath. viz.

I A. B. do fwear, or affirm, That I will faithfully, impartially, and ho-neftly, according to the beft of my judgement, hear and determine fuch matters and things as (hall be brought before me by virtue of an aft of par* liament for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts, within the town and liberties of Beverley, in the county of York, and the feveral parities of the fame town, without favour, afteftion, or prejudice to either party.

So help me GOD.

Eflericke Hancock, appointed firft clerk; and Thomas Duncum ferjeant. Future clerks and ferjeants td be appointed by the commiftioners. What fees to be taken.	-	;J 4

For ifluing every fummons, to the clerk, fixpence:

For fervice of every fummons, and attending the court with return, to the ferjeant, three pence :

For entering .the caufe, to the clerk, fix pence :

For every hearing, to the clerk, three-pence:

For every order, to the clerk, three-pence s	,	'

For entering every order and making, to the clerk, three-pence:

For fervice of every order againft a party not in court, and attending with return, to the ferjeant, fix pence :

For a nonfuit on the plaintiffs not appearing, to the clerk, two-pence; For an attachment againft the defendant for not appearing, to the clerk, fixpence:

To the ferjeant, for fervice thereof, one fhilling 1	*

For acknowledging fatisfaftion thereof, to the clerk, tnree-pence 3 For an execution, to the clerk, one (hilling:

To the ferjeant, for fervice thereof, one fhilling:

For a fubpcena, to the clerk, fixpence:

To the ferjeant, for fervice thereof, two-penqe :

For paying money into court, to the cleric, fix-pence;

For every fearch of the books, to the clerk, three-pence*

Cofts to be awarded, not to exceed 7s. 10 d. (except for copies and fervice ofprocefs, rule, or order, where feveral defendants.) Penalty on taking greater fees, aos. and not lefs than 103. Fines to be paid to truftee?, kc, of the poor of Beverley. Commiflioners may for mifbehaviour, fufoend or remove the clerk or ferjeant. Commiflioners or officers not to aft where interefted. Penalty on perfons infulting the commiftioners or officer, 40s. and not lefs than 5s. to be levied by diftrefs, or by imprifonment, not more than 1 months. Application of fines, fame as the former. Copy of this claufe to be fixed up in the court. No aftion for debts recoverable in this court, to be brought in any other court. To what this aft (hall nor extend, viz. debt for rent on leafe or contraft, where the title may come in queition, or caufes teftamentary, or matrimonial, or belonging to eccfe-Radical courts,or wager,or contraft forale^c. or forfeiture on penal ftatute, or bye-law, or any debt not within fix years though under 40 s. Perjured perfons to be punifhed by the laws for perjury. Gaolers to receive perfons committed by this aft. Penalty on their refufing, or tattering an efcape, 51, and not lefs than 40 s. No attorney to aft as advocate, attorney, or coramiflioner. Witnefs not obeying fubpoena or fummons, to be fined, 50s. and not lefs than 5 s. to be levied by diftrefs with ccfts, and paid to party fummoning fuch witncfe. No commiffioner or officer to be

Digitized by LjOOQle

1781.} Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 39.	275

fued until after notice given, one calendar month. Qualification of com-miflioners to be an houfeholder in Beverley, or pofPdled of a real eftate of *ol. per ann. or of a perfbnal of 3001. affing without fuch qualification penalty, *oL Commiffioner to prove h»s qualification. Commifitoner or officer may tender amends. Arc in one calendar month af er notice.

Plaintiff not to recover unlef* fuch notice be proved. Amends may be tendered pending the fuit. No eviden' e to be givrn but what is contained in the notice. Limitation of a&ions in 6 months, and to be laid in Beverley, or county of York. The defendant may plead the general iffue,	,

and have treble cofts. Pubiick Aft.	V'

C A P. XXXIX.

An aft for further fecuring the property of the owners in fuch Jhips or veffeh as are liable to forfeiture for importing fpirits or other goods, by the mifeonduft o f the maflers, mates, and feamen.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the nineteenth year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majefiy, (intituled, An ad for the f9 Geo. 3. c. more effectually preventing the pernicious pradices of fmug- 69. recited, gling in this kingdom; and for indemnifying perfons who have been guilty of offences againft the laws of the cuftoms and ex-cife, upon the terms therein mentioned;) it is, omongjl other things, enabled, That where any foreign brandy, or other for ign fpi-rituous liquors, Jhall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, from any part of Europe, in any vejfel or cajk which Jhall not contain fixty gallons at the leqft, (excepting only for the ufe of the feamen then belonging to and ~bn board the fhip or vejfel in which the fame Jhall be imported, not exceeding two gallons for each Jeaman,) then not only the faid brandy, and other foreign fpirituous liquors, but alfo the fhip or vejfel in which the fame Jhall be fo imported, of whatever burden the fame may he, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, Jhall be forfeited and lofl: and whereas, by the Jaid re-cited aft, it is further enafted. That when any tea, coffee, foreign brandy, or other foreign fpirituous liquors, are liable to forfeiture for being found on board any Jbips or vcffels, coming or arriving from foreign parts, at anchor, or hovering within the limits of any of the parts of this kingdom, or within two leagues of the coafls thereof, or for having been difeovered to have been within the limits of any port contrary to any aft of parliament now in force, the fhip or vejfel, if coming or arriving from any part of Europe, on board of ivhicb fuch goods Jhall be fo found, together with all her guns, furniture, ammu-	‘	.

nition, tackle, and apparel, Jhall be forfeited, provided fuch fhip or ~ vejfel doth not exceed the burden of two hundred tons : and whereas, by the aforefaid in part recited aft, and fcvtral other afts of parliament, /hips or veffeh of the deferiptions therein mentioned, are liable to feizure and forfeiture for clandeflinely importing, or having an* board, any quantity of foreign fpirituous liquors, tea, or coffee what-foever, over and above the limited quantities of futh goods now allow* id by law to be imported, whereby the owners of fuch fldps or veffeh may fufiain great lofs and injury in their property, by the mifeonduft of the m A fieri, mates, and mariners, navigating fuch /hips or veffeh: and whereas it would not only tend to the further feturity of the owners of Vol. XXXIII.	U	Jhips

276*	Anno	viceGmo	primo	Georgii Ilh c. 39.	[178’!*,

/hips or vejfeis of all deferiptions, and of whatever burthen the fame may bey which by any low now in force are liable to forfeiture, but alfo be a means to prevent the illicit practice of fmuggltngy if fome further punijhment was infixed upon the maflers, matesy and feamen, having the charge and command of fuch Jhips or vejfels; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and. commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the au-After June thority of the fame. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day *4,1781 vif the of 'Junty one thoufand feven hundred and eighry-one, if the any mailer of any (hip or veffel, of which he has the charge an<& conceala&c. command, (hall clandeftinely hide or conceal, or fuff^r to be foreign fpi-' clandeftinely hid or concealed, by his mate or feamen, or any rits, tea,or of them, in any part of fuch (hip or veffel, or in any cbeft oc-C°r ^ibovc °ther thing belonging thereto, any quantity of foreign fpirituous quamhv or hquors, over and above the quantity of two gallons for each, any other un- feamari on board, or any quantity of tea above the weight of cuftomed fix pounds, or any quantity of coffee above the weight of nine-goods, he (hall teen pounds; or if the mafter of fuch (hip or veffel (hall clan-for eitto^ is deftinely import, or liiffer to be clandeftinely imported therein, any fuch foreign fpirituous liquors, or any other uncuftomed goods whatfoever, whereby the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veffel become liable to any penalties,,or whereby fuch (hip or veffel itfelf is liable to be forfeited, the mafter of fuch (hip or veffel (hall not only forfeit to the owner or owners of filch fhip or yeffel all his wages that (hall be then due to him, but (hall alfo forfeit treble the value of all fuch foreign fpirituous liquors, tea, coffee, or any other uncuftomed goods whatfoever, over and above the penalties to which the mafter of fuch (hip or vef-fcl (hall be fubjeft and liable by any of the laws now in force: which faid penalties of treble the value of fuch goods fo inftidled by this a61 as aforefaid, (hall be recovered of the faid mafter by, and fhall go to, the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veffel, and to no other perfon whatfoever.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if the mates or. feamen, ferving on board any (hip or veffel of any burden whatfoever, (hall clandeftinely hide or conceal on go«?s rabove ^oar<* thereof, or (hall import any quantity of foreign fpirituous tne quantity liquors whatfoever, (over and above the ordinary allowance of allowed by	two gallons for each feaman on board,) or any quantity of tea,

Lawr.»)ih*Jr.4>	above the weight of fix pounds, or any quantity of coffee above

owners wages, and treble the value of the goods fo con cealed, 5cc,

If the mates or feamen (hall conceal

(hall forfeit their wages,

the weight of nineteen pounds, then fuch mates or feamen, or and alfoTos. any °f them, fo offending therein, (hall forfeit, to the owner or for every gal. owners of fuch (hip or veffel, all the wages that (hall be then Ion of foicign due to him or them, and (hall alfo forfeit the fum of ten i^^for ever	eac^ f°r evcry gallon of fuch foreign fpirituous liquors,

pou n^otun? ai¥* len	*	pound for every pound of fuch tea, and alfo

orcoffeej a like fum of ten (hillings for every pound of fuch coffee* fo by them clandeftinely concealed or imported, over and above o	the

1781.J Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 39.'	ijf

the quantities of-fuch goods now limited by law to be imported.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That And, if in if fuch mates or feamen (hall commit fuch offences as aforefaid, ^e^^ar> or any of them, in time of war, and which, according to the fcn* tharcc true intent and meaning of this or any other adl, they are re- years on drained from committing, it (hall and may be lawful to and for board a man the owner of fuch (hip or veffel to fend fuch mates or feamen, war*

or any of them, on board fome of his Majefty’s (hips of war, there to ferve for the fpace of three years, except fuch as are old, difabled, or otherwife unfit for fuch fcrvice.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, A printed That this adt (hall be printed, put up, and continued on fome top. o? this * confpicuous part of every Britijh (hip or veffel trading to or ibm©1* from any port of this kingdom; and that wherever#the faid confpicuous printed claufes (hall be damaged, defaced, or deftroyed, the maf- parr of every ter of fach (hip or veffel (hall caufe the fame to be immediately Britifh trading replaced, under the penalty of one (hilling a day for every day vc^cl* during fuch omiffion thereof; to be recovered of the faid mafter

by, and be paid to,* the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel, by virtue of a warrant under the hands and feals of one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Mates or fea-if fuch mates or feamen who (hall be fo difab!ed from ferving in m“n who any of his Majefty’s (hips of war in time of war, as aforefaid, or if ^jfe

finch or any other mates or Teaman (hall be found offending &c. may be *

againft the provifions of this adt in time of peace, and (hall committed for

negledt or refufe to pay the aforefaid penalties, being duly con- three months.

vidted thereof, or (hall not have fufficient effects to anfwer the

fame, it (hall and may be lawful (at the inftance of the owner or

owners of fuch (hip or veffel) for one or more of his Majefty’s

juftices of the peace, by warrant under his or their hands and

feals, to commit fuch offender or offenders to the county gaol

where fuch offence (hall be committed, or wjiere fuch offender

or offenders (hall be apprehended or taken, for the fpace of

three months, and not lefs than fix weeks.

VI.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Juftices may faid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for thte faid juftice

or juftices to mitigate, compound, cr leffen, any of the penalties incurred under this adl, fo as fuch mitigation do not extend to remit above one moiety or half part of the faid penalties refpec-tivelv.

VjI. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority Proceeding* aforefaid. That no order which (hall be made by the faid jut-tice or juftices of the peace by virtue or in purfuance of this adt, ^

<>r any other proceedings to be had, touching the convidtion or removeable or convidtions of any offender or offenders againft this act, (hall by Certiorari, be qualhed or vacated, or be removed or removeable by Certio-	m

rariy or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any or his Ma-	*"

jelly’s courts of record at TVeJlminJler, or to the general quarter ftfliOR* of the peace \ but that the order and determination of

U 2	fuch

limitation of a&ions.

General iflue.

Treble Cofh.

Preamble, Recital of an aft 19 Geo. a.

Aft to. Geo, 3*

and 19 Geo, 3-

Anno viccfimo priroo GeoRGM lit. c. 40.	[1781.

fucb juftice or juftices (hall be final and conclufive in all cafes, and to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

VIII. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of or by colour of this aft, or of any matter of thing in this a<ft contained, fuch aftion or profccution (hall be commenced within the fpace of fix months after the offence (hall be committed ; and fuch perfon or perfons fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the fpe-cial matter in evidence, for his and their defence, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of the faid aft: and if it fhall appear fo to have been done, then the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if the plantiff fhall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants have appeared ; or if judgement fhall be given, upon any verdift or demurrer, againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble cods, and have the like remedy for the fame as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

C A P. XL.

An aft for extending the provifions of three afts, wade in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majejly, and in the tenth and nineteenth years of his prefent Majejly's reign, for granting a bounty on certain fpecies of Britijh and Irijh linens exported, to Britifh and Irilh linens, Britilh callicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, or jlained, in Great Britain, and to buckrams and ti lie t tings, exported during the time therein limited, and for taking off the duties payable upon the importation of that fpecies of blue called Smalts.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, (intituled, An aft for granting a bounty upon certain fpecies of Britijh and Irijh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax,) certain bounties were granted for the term of fifteen years, to commence from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-fix, upon the exportation <?/" Britifh and Irifh linens from Great Britain, to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the ifland of Minorca, or the Eaft Indies, in the faid aft particularly mentioned and defer ibed: and whereas by another aft, made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, the faid bounties were continued for the further term of feven years, to commence from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, and from thence to the end of the then next feffton of parliament: cud certain other bounties were granted on thp exportation of Britifh checked and flriped linens, and upon Britifh and Irifh diapers, huckabacks, Jheeting, and other linen, of above a certain breadth; end whereas by another aft, made in the nineteenth year oj bis prefent

Majijlfs

Digitized by v^ooQle

17S1.J Anno vlcefimo primo Georgii III. c. 40.	279

Majiftfs reign, fhe bounties granted by the jaid recited afts were further continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fe-tten hundred and eighty fix, and front thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament: and where/ts by an aft, paffed in the twentieth year of bis prefent Majefly's reign, in the kingdom of Ire- Aft aoGeo. land, certain bounties were granted on the exportation as well of 3* parliament plain as of printed, painted gained, and dyed linens, buckrams, and gountiei ro be tillettings, of the manufacture of that kingdom : And whereas the during manufafture of linen would be fill further improved, and the expor- the continu-tation thereof to foreign parts be preferved, and confiderably increafed, anf* of the if the bounties by the fatd recited afts granted were extended to Bri- ^ o'nriie ti(h on/Irifh linens, and to Britifh callicoes and cottons, printed, exportation painted, or Jlained, and dyed, in Great Britain, and to Britifh and of Britifh and Irifh buckrams, or tillettings, and the duties on the importation dflrifhbuck-tbct fpedes of blue called Smalts, taken off: may it therefore pleale your Majefty that it may be enadted ; and be it enadled by the lc ingf* King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That, during thecontinuanceof the laidiaft recited adt,there (hall be given and paid, without any fee, reward, or dedudlion what-foever, a bounty for every yard of Britifh and lrijb buckrams and tillettings, and for every yard of Britifh or Irtfb linen, and of Britifh callicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, or ftained in Great Britain, of the breadth of twenty-five inches pr more, which, before the printing, paint* ing, or ftaining thereof, (hall be under the value of five-pence per yard, the turn of one halfpenny; and of the value of five* pence per yard, and under the value of fix-pence per yard, the fum of one penny; and of the value of fix-pence per yard, and not exceeding the value of eighteen-pence per yard, the fum of one penny halfpenny; which, during the continuance of this act, (hall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America,

Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the ifland of Minorca, or the Eajl Indies, in the fame manner, and under the like provifions, conditions. limitations, and forfeitures, as in thefaid recited adls of the parliament of Great Britain, are mentioned and declared, touching the bounties thereby given upon the linens therein mentioned to be exported.

II.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. After June 1, That, from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven 17S*, (malts* hundred and eighty-two, during the continuance of the faid re- may be im-cited adts, no fubfidy, cuftom, rate, duty, or other impofition duty* whatfoever, (hall be demanded, collected, received, or taken,

upon that fpecies of blue, called Smalts, which (hall be imported into this kingdom 5 any former law, ftatute, or adt or adts of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding,

III.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority Hie above* aforefaid, That the feveral bounties hereby given upon the ex- mentioned portation of printed, painted, or ftained linens, callicoes, and

cottons, or cottons mixed with linen, or buckrams, and tillet- cots, &c. to

U 3	tings.

Digitized by

Google

a8o Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 41—44. [17B1.

bepa'd only tings, (hall be paid during the continuance of the faid la# recit-during the ed alt of the lrijh parliament, and no longer j any thing herein cf”he recited conla*nec^10 ^ie contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

LiQ,aa-	C	A	P.	XLI.

An alb for railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice ot the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one.

Preamble. Towards the necefiary fupplies. Commiflioners of the trea* fury may rai(e 1,500,000!. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 178s, in like manner as is prefcribed by the land tax alb of this felfion, concerning loans, &c. All claufes, See in the faid ad relating to loans or exchequer bills, (except as to charging the fame on the taxes by that alb, the rare of intereft and as alter mentioned, extended to this aft. Exchequer bills fo iflued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1781, Albion not to lie for fuch refufal. Principal and intcrelt, with charges, to be repaid out of the next fupplies, and if fufficient fupplies be not granted before July 5,178s, to be charged on the fmking fund. Monies fo iflued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this alb; an aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Mari* notwithftanding.

CAP. XLII.

An all for railing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one.

Preamble. Towards necefiary fupplies. Commilfioners of the treafury may raife 1,900,0001. by loans and exchequer bills before Jan. 5. 178a. in manner as by the land tax alt of this feflion is prefcribed. Sec. All claufes in the faid alt relating to loans or bill?, (except as to charging the fame on taxes granted thereby, the rate of intereft and as after mentioned) extended to this all. Exchequer bills fo iflued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged bciore April 6, 178a. Allion not to lie for fuch refufal. Money fo railed to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if fufficient fupplies be not granted before July 5, 1782. to be charged on the finking fund. Monies fo iflued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this alb; an alb 5 8c 6. Gul. & Mari* notwithftanding.

CAP. XLIII.

An alb for continuing an alb, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his jprefent Majefty, intituled, An alb for exempting the city of Win-cbefter, the county of Southampton, the town of Shiewftmry, and the county of Salop, out of the provifions of an alb, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late inajefty King George the Second, intituled, “ An alb for regulating the quartering of folcliers during the time of u the elclbions of members to ie; ve in Parliament,'" fo far as the fame relates to the removal of troops during the tle&tons of members to ferve in parliament for a limited time.

Prtamble. Recites 10 Geo. 3. cap. 50 further continued until the end of the next ftflion of parliament.

CAP. XLLV.

An ail for the more effectually fecuring to the royal bofpital for Jea-men at Greenwich, all fuch forfeited and unclaimed fhares ofprize and bounty money as fall arije from or in rejpeft of any prizes to be »	condemned	and	fold	in	his	Majejlys	dominions beyond the fca; and

fo compel the more Jpeedy payment thereof

WHEREAS

Digitized by Google

1781.] Anno vicefimo primoGeorgii III. C.44»	a8i

WHEREAS by an abt of parliament, paffed in the fixteentb Preamble.

year of the reign of his prejent Majefly, (intituled, An aft to j^ecjtaj 0f prohibit all trade and intercom fe with the colonies of New ,5 Hampjbire 1 MaJfachufets 'Bay, Rhode IJland, Connecticut, Netoc. 5.

York, Afcu; Jerjey, Penfylvania, the three lower counties on De-law are, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the prefent rebellion within the faid colonies refpeftively; for repealing an aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to difcontinue the landing and difcharging, lading or Shipping, of goods, wares, and merchandize, at the town and within the harbour of Bofton, in the province of MafTachufets Bay ; and alio two afts, made in the Jaft feffion of parliament, for reftraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the faid afts refpeftively mentioned; and to enable any perfon or perfons, appointed and authorized by his Majefty to grant pardons, to iflue proclamations, in the cafes, and for the purpofes therein mentioned;} it was enabled. That all fhips and veffels of, and belonging to the inhabitants of the faid colonies, together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture, and all other fhips and vtffels whatfotver, together with their cargoes, ap~ parel, and furniture, which Jhould be found trading in any port or place of the faid colonies, or going to trade, or coming from trading, in any fuch port or place. Should become forfeited to his Majefly, as if the fame were the flips and ejfebls of open enemies, and Jhould be fo adjudged, deemed, and taken, in all courts of admiralty, and in all other courts whatfoever: and it was thereby further enabled.

That she flag officers, captains, commanders, and other commlffioned officers in his Mg]efly's pay, and alfo the feamen, marines, and joldiers on board, Jhould have the JVe interefi and property of and in all and every fuch fhip, vrjjel, goods, and merchandize, which they Jhouldfeize and take, (being fir ft adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majefly's courts of admiralty,) to be divided in fuch proportions, and after juch manner, as his Majefly Jhould by proclamation direbl: and it was by the faid abl further enabled, That after the fale or fales of any prize or prizes, which Jhould be taken in purfuance of or by virtue of the faid abl, publick notification or notifications Jhould be given and pubiijhed in fuch manner as is therein particularly mentioned; after which feveral and rejpcbhve notifications, if any men's Jhares fhould remain in the hands of the perfons or agents appointed for the fale and dijlribution of fuch prizes in manner therein mentioned, either belonging to fuch men as Jhould be run from his Majefly s fervice, or which Jhould not be legally demanded ivithin three years, then fuch Jhare or Jhares fo remaining in the perfons or agents hands, or belong-ing to fuch men as Jhould run from his Majefty's fervice, fhould go and be paid to the ufe of Greenwich Hofpital ; and it was by the faid obi further enabled. That all and every perfon and perfons, agent and agents, and others, who Jhould fell or otherwife dijpofe of any prize or prizes fo to be taken as aforefaid, Jhould, within the fpace of three calendar months next after the day to be appointed for the firji payment or difiributton to the captors of fuch prize or prizes, made in purfuance of fuch publick notification, make out, and tranfmit or doti-

U4	ver

Digitized by L^ooQle

232

Recital of 17 Geo. 3. c. 7.

Anno vicefimo primo GeorGII III. c.44.	[1781.

ver unto the treafurer of the [aid royal bofpital of Greenwich for the time being, or to fucb perfon or per Jons as he Jbould for that purpofe depute or appoint, a true Jlate and account in writings under the band or bands of fucb agent or agents, or perfon or perfons Jo employed, of tke produce of all fucb prize and prizes as aforefaid, together with an account of the payments of tke feveral Jbares to the captors as Jbould then have been really and bona tide by him or them reffectively paid-, and alfo that all and every perfon and perfons, agents, and others* who, by virtue of the faid ait, Jbould fell or difpofe oj any prize or prizes, which Jbould at any time or times thereafter be taken by any of his Majefly s Jhips or vffils of war, fuch perfon and perfons, agent and agents, fo filling and difpofing thereof ', Jbould within the Jpace of three calendar months next after the expiration of the term of three years, limited by the faid aft, make out on exaft account in writing of the produce of all fuch prize and prizes, as alfo of the payments of the feveral Jbares to the refpeftive captors, together with a true and juft account, upon oath» to be taken before the treafurer of the faid bofpital for the time being, or any other perfon or perfons by him for that purpofe deputed and authorized, in writing under his hand and feal, (which oath the faid treafurer of the faid bofpital, and his fuffi* dent deputy and deputies, authorized as aforefaid, were thereby authorized and impowered to admimfier) of all fum and fiums of money as fhould be then remaining in fuch agent or agents, or perfons cuflody* power, or poffeffion; and fhould at the fame time deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the treafurer of the faid bofpital for the time being* or bis fufficient deputy or agent, the faid accounts, fo attefled upon oath as aforefaid, together with ail fuch remaining fum and fums of money then Jo left and remaining in his or their-bands as aforefaid* taking from the faid trea furer, or his proper deputy or agent, his or their acquittance or acquittances for the fame: and whereas by an aft of parliament, made and payed in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled. An a<51 for enabling the commirtioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, to grant commiflions to the commanders of private (hips and velfels, employed in trade, or retained in his Majefty’s fervice, to take and make prize of all fuch (hips and veffels, and their cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited time,) it was enafted. That the Jeveral regulations and prew-fions exprtjfed and contained in the before recited aft, and all claufcs,

• provifees, matters and things, therein expreffed and contained, Jbould be applied and made ufe of for effectually carrying the now reciting aft into execution, fo far as the faid regulations and proviftons, daufes, provifoes, matters and things, contained in the faid recited aft, relate to or in any wife concern the condemnation, or other determination, of prizes, and the proceedings thereupon, and alfo tke appraifements and jales of prizes, and payment of prize money: and it was, by the faid aft, further enafted. That there fhculd be paid by the treafurer of his Majeftty s navy, upon bills to be made forth by the commijfioners of the navy, to be paid as therein mentioned, unto the officers, fiamen, marines, foldiers, or others, that Jbould be actually on board any of bis Majefly's fhips of war9 or merchant flip or

Digitized by v^ooQle

1781] Anno vIccfimQ primp Georgii III. c. 44.	283

Jhips retained in bis Majefiy's ferviqe, to be commiffioned as therein mentioned, its any action where any Jbip or Jhips of war, or privateer or privateers, Jbould be taken from the rebels, funk, burnt, or otberwife deftroyed, by virtue or in purfuance qf the faid aft, five pounds for every man who was living on board any fhip or Jhips fo taken. Junk, burnt, or oihertuife de/iroyed, at the beginning of the engagement between them, the numbers of fuch men to be proved as therein mentioned: and it was thereby further enabled. That the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty thereby granted, Jbould be made payable to fuch perfon or perfons as Jbould be authorized and appointed by the captors, as therein mentioned, in like manner as direfted by the faid recited aft, for nominating and appointing agents for ap-fraifements and fates to be made as afore faid, the fame to be divided, difiributtd, and appointed, amonyfi the captors, in fuch manner, foryn, and proportion, as therein mentioned ; the feveral Jbares of which copters, if not legally demanded within three years after publick notification, and alto of fuch as Jbould be run from bis Majefiy's fervice,

Jbould be applied to the ufe oj Greenwich Hofpital: and whereas by an aft of parliament, puffed in the nineteenth year of the reign of Recital of 19 bis prefent Maje fly, (intituled, An a<5t for the encouragement of Geo.3tC.67. fcamen, and the more fpeedy and effectual manning his Ma-jefty’s navy;) after reciting that bis Majefty, by order in council, dated the twenty-ninth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, was pleafid to order, that general reprizals be granted againfi the Jhips, goods, and fubjefts, of the French king, and that as well all bis Majefiy's fleets and Jhips, as aljo all other Jhips and veJJels that Jbould be commiffioned by letters of marque, or general reprizals, or otberwife, by bis Majefiy's commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, Jbould and might lawfully Jeize all Jhips, VfJfels, and goods, belonging to the French king, or his fupjefts, or others inhabiting within any the territories of the French kit g* and bring the fame to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majefiy's dominions, it was enafted. That the fhg officers, commanders, and other officers, feamen, marines, and feldiers, on board every fhip and vejfel of war in his Majefiy's pay,

Jbculd have the foie interefl and property of and in all and every Jbip, vejfel, goods, and merchandizes, which they had taken ftnee the twenty-ninth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred andfeventy-eight, or Jbould thereafter take during the continuance of bojlilities againfl France, after the fame Jbould have been finally adjudged lawful prize to his MajeJly, in any of his Majefty s courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majefiy's plantations in America, or elfraiberii to be divided in fuch proportions, and ofter fuch manner, as his Majefty had by his proclamation, of the fixteenth day ^/'September laft, already orde ed and direfted, or as his Mcjefly, his heirs and fueceffiors, Jbould think fit to order and dire ft by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be iffiued for thofe purpofes: and it was by the J'aid aft further enafted. That after \the fale or fales of any prize or prizes, which had been or Jbould be taken from the enemy by any of his MajeJly's Jhips of war, publick notification or notifications, in manner therein mentioned, Jbould be given by the perfons or agents

appointed,

Anno vicefimo primo Geo&gii III.- c.44. [1781.

appoint ed, in pur frame of the powers contained in tie /aid ail, fa -the payment of the fever al/hares to the captors; after which feverd and refpeftive notifications, if any men's /hares Jhould remain in the bands of the per Jons or agents appointed for the fale and difir ibution of fuch prizes, in manner therein mentioned, either belonging to fuch men as Jbould be run from his Majejlfs fervice, or which Jbould net be legally demanded within three years, then fuch /bare or /bares fi remaining in tlx perfons or agents hands, or belonging to fuch men as Jbould be run from his Majejlys fervice, Jhould go and be paid to the ufe of Greenwich Hofpital; and it whs by the faid aft further entitled, That there Jhould be paid, by the trea/urer of his Majejbjs navy, upon bills to be made forth by the commi(/oners of the navy, U be paid according to the courje thereof, without fee or reward, unts the officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, or others, who Jbould have been aftuafly on board any of his Majefly's Jhip or Jhips of war, or privateer or pr 'tvaieers, at the taking, or finking, or burning, or ctherwife dejlroying, any /hip or /hips of war belonging to the enemy, ftnte the twenty ninth day of July* one thou[and Jeven hundred and /event) eighty, five pounds for every man who was living on board any /hip or /hips, Jo taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife def rayed, at the beginning of the attack or engagement between them, the numbers 0/ Jucb men to be proved as therein mentioned: and it was thereby further enafted. That the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty thereby granted to the commanders, officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, and others, of his Mojejly's /hips of war, for taking, finking, burning,

. or otherwife dejlroying, any Jhps of war, or privateers, belonging to any of his Majejly's enemies, jhould be made payable to fuch per fin or perfons as Jbculd be authorifed and appointed by the captors, as therein mentioned, in like manner as therein is dire ft ed for the nominating end appointing agents for appraifements and fa/es, to be made as afotejaii, the Janie to be difiributed and divided amongfl the captors, in jucb manner, form, and proportion, as therein mentioned; the fivtrcl /hares of which captors, if not legally demanded within three years after publick notification, and al/o of fuch as Jhould run from his Mojejly's fervice, jhould be applied to the ufe 0/* Greenwich Hofpital: and it was thereby further enafted. That all and every perfon and perfons, agent and agents, and others, who Jhould fell or otberuifi dijpo/e of any prize or prizes fo to be taken as afore/aid, Jbould within the /pace of three calendar months next after the day to be appointed fir the firjl payment or dijlributicn to the captors of Juth prize cr prizer, meat in purfuance of fuch publick notification, make out, and ironj-mit or deliver unto the treofurir of the/aid royal hofpital at Green-, wich for the time being, or to fuch perfon cr perfons as he Jbould fir that purpofe depute and appoint, a' true Jlate and account, in writing under the hand or bands of fuch agent or agents, or perfon cr perfon Jo employed, of the produce of all Jucb prize and prizes as afaefiio, together with gh account of the payment of the Jeveral /hares to tie -captors, as Jhould then have been really and truly by him cr them n-fpeftively paid; and alfo that all and every perfon and perfons, authorized and appointed by the faid aft, to receive bills for the bounty thereby granted, Jbould> within the /pace of three calendar months next

Digitized by v^oosle

1781.] Anno vicefuno primo Georgii III. C.44.	&B5

after the dayappointed for the fir ft payment or diftribution offucb bills, for the bounty as aforejaid, in like manner make out, and tranf-nit or deliver to the treafurer for the time being of the faid hofpital,

#r to his fufficient deputy, a true fiate and account, in writing under bis or their hand or hands, of the payment and diftribution of fucb bills \ and further, That all and every perfon and perfons, agents, and others, who by virtue of the faid afts fbould fell and difpofe of any prize or prizes, which had already been, or fbould at any time or times thereafter be taken from the faid enemy by any ef bis Majefly's Jbips or veffels of war, or who fhould receive or difpofe of any bill or bills for bounty, fuch perfon and perfons, agents, and others, fo felling end iifpofmg thereof, fbould, within the fpace of the three calendar months next after the expiration of the term of tpree years, limited by the faid aft, make out an exaft account, in writing of the produce of fucb prize and prizes, bill and bills for bounty, as alfo of the pay-mint of the feveral Jhares to the refpeftive captors, together with a true and juft account upon oath, to be taken before the treafurer of the faid hofpital for the time being, or any other perfon or perfons by him for that purpofe deputed and authorized, in writing under his hand and feal, (which oath the faid treafurer of the faid hofpital, and his fufficient deputy or deputies, authorized as aforefaid, were thereby authorized and impowered to adminifter) of all fum and fums of mo-ney as fbould be then remaining in fucb agent or agents, or perfons cuflody, power, or poffeffion, and fbould at the fame time deliver, or CQufe to be delivered, to the treafurer of the faid hofpital for the time being, or to bis fufficient deputy or agent, the faid! accounts fo atteftei upon oath as aforefaid, together with all fuch remaining fum and fums of money then fo left and remaining in his of their bands as aforefaid, taking jrom the faid treafurer, or his proper deputy or agent, his or their acquittance or acquittances for thefame: and whereas by an aft of par-	Qq

liament, paffied in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Ma- Geo. 3, cap. fifty, (intituled. An a& to amend an act, made in the laft feflion -of parliament, intituled. An aft for the encouragement of feamen, and the more fpeedy and effectual manning his Majefly's navy; and for m king further provifions for thofe purpofes;) after reciting that his Majifty, by order in council, dated the eighteenth day of June, one ihoufand fiven hundred and feventy-nine, was pleafed to order, that general reprizals be granted againjl the Jbips, goods, and fubjefis, of the king of Spain, and that as well all bis Majefly's fleets and jbips, as alfo all other Jbips and veffels that fhould be com-mijfmed by letters of marque, or general9reprizals, or otherwife, by bis Majefly's commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, Jhould and might lawfully feize all flips, veffels, end goods, belonging to the king of Spain, or his fubjefts, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the king of Spain, and bring the fame to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majefly's dominions; it was enafted, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, on board every flip and veffel of war in his Majefly's pay, Jhould have the Jole inter eft and property of and in all and every Jhip, vcffiel, goods, and merchandizes, which they had taken fines the eighteenth day of June,

am

Digitized by Google

286	Anno	vicefimo	primo	Georgii III. 0,44. [1781.'

one thoufand /even hundred and jtwenty-nine, or Jbould thereafter take during the continuance of hofiilities againji Spain, after thf * fame Jbould have been finally adjudged lawful prize to his Majefiyf in any of his Majefiy's courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or it{ his Majejly's plantations in America, or efewhere, to be divided in J'ucb proportions, and after fuch manner, as his Majefiy bad by his )proclamation of the twenty-fifth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and jeventy-nine, already ordered and dire (led, or as his Majefiy, his heirs and fucceffors, Jbould think fit to order and direft by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be ijfued for iboft pur-pofes; and reciting, that ty the aft of the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Maiefly, herein before recited, feverdl prcvifms and regulations were ejlablifhed for the better carrying on the falutary purpofes by the faid aft intended in the profecution of hojlilities againji France, it was enafted, '[hat the feveral regulations and prcvifms refpefting the grant of commijfions or letters of marque, the perfons afting, and the captures made, under the author ity of fuch commijfi-ens or Utters of marque, and all other claujes, provisoes, matters and things, contained in the faid aft, Jhould extend, and be conjirued and deemed to extend, to the grant of commijfions or letters of marque, to the perfons afting, and the captures made, under the authority of fuch commijfions or letters of marque, for general reprizals againji the Jhips, goods, and fubjefts of the king of Spain, and all other matters or things wbatfoever in refpeft of the fame, during the hojlilities againji Spain, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if the fame regulations, provifiens, claufes, provifoes, matters, and things, had bren particularly repeated and re-enafted in the faid aft : and whereas by an aft of parliament, paffied in the prefent feffion of parliament, (intituled, An aft for the encouragement of Recital of 11 feamen, and for the more fpeedy and effectual manning his «o. 3, cap. Majeftv’s navy,) after reciting that his Majefiy, by order in council dated the twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, was pleafed to order that general reprizals be granted againji the jhips, goods, 'and fubjefts, of the fates general of the United Provinces ; and that as well all his Majefiy's fleets and Jhips, as alfi edl other Jhips and vejfels that Jhould be commiffloned by letters of marque or general reprizals, or otherwife, by his Majefiy s commiffl-entrs for executing the office of lord high admiral of Gre^t Britain, Jhould and might laivfully feize all Jhips, vejfels, and goods, belonging to the ftates general of the United Provinces, or their fubjefts, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the Jlates general of the United provinces, and bring the fame to judgement in any of . the courts of admiralty zvithin his Majefiy dominions; it was enafted, 7 hat the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, feamen,

' marines, and joldiers, on board every Jhip and veffel of war in his Majejly's pay, Jhould have the foie inttrefl and property of and in all and every fhip, veffel, goods, and merchandizes, which they had taken ftnee the twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, or Jhould thereafter take during the continuance of hojlilities again/} the ftates general of the United Provinces, after ft re fame jbould have been finally adjudged lawful prize to his Ma-

}<J]h

Digitized by Google

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo Gkorgii III. C.44.	%9j

)eflyy in any of bis Majeflfs courts of admiralty in Great Britain; or in bis Majtjlf s plantations in America, or elfewhere; to be divided in fuch proportions, and after fuch manner, as bis Majefty had, by bis proclamation of the twenty-feventb day of December, one ' iboufand [even hundred and eighty, already ordered and dire fled, or as his Majefty, bis heirs and fuccejfors, fbould think fit to order and d/refli by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be ’Jfued for thofe purpofes ; and reciting, that by the afls of the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his prejent:Majfty, herein before recited, feveral provifions and regulations were eflablifioed for the better carrying on the falutary purpofes by the faid afls hit ended in the profccution of hojlilities again ft France and Spain, it was enafled,

That the feveral regulations and provifions, refipefling the grant of tmmijfions or letters of marque, the perfons a fling, and the captures made under the authority of fuch commijfions or letters of marque, and all other claufes, provifoes, matters, and things, contained in the faid afls, fbould extend, and be conjlrued and deemed to extend, to the grant of commijfions and letters of marque, to the perfons a fling, and the captures made, under the authority of fuch commijfions or letters of marque for general reprizals again/} the fr ips, goods, and fubjefls, of the fates general of the United Provinces, and all ether matters or things wbatfoever in refpefl of the fame, during the continuance of hoftilities again/} the ftates general of the United Provinces, as fully, amply, and ajfeflually, to all intents and purpofes, as ij the fame regulations, provifions, claufes, provifoes, matters, and things, had been particularly repeated and re- enafled in the faid afl: and whereas the feveral provifions contained in the faid afls, arc in many cafes infuf-ficient to compel the payment of fuch forfeited and unclaimed fljares of prize and bounty money, as remain in the hands of the agents in America, and other his Maiefifs dominions beyond the fea, at the expiration of the term limited by the faid afls to the treafurer of the faid hofpital: be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and af- From Nov. ter the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and 1781, agents, eight-one, all and every perfon and perfons, agent and agents, wh°(ha;i and others, who fhall fell or otherwife difpofe of any prize, fo prize, or re*” ^ ' to be taken as aforefaid from any of his Majefty’s enemies, or Uive’any who (hall receive any bills for the bounty granted by the faid bounty bills* ads, (hall, within the fpace of three calendar months next after within * the day to be appointed for the firft payment or diftribution to J^bVendof the captors of fuch prize, and bounty bill or bills, made in every 3 purfuance of the notification by the faid recited ads direct- months du* cd, and alfo at the end of every three calendar months, during ring jyeare, the term of three years, limited by the faid recited ads,'make out and deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to fuch perfon or per- count of the fons, as the treafurer of the faid hofpital (hall, from time to produce of time, for that purpofe depute or appoint, in the colony, ifland, or place; in which fuch prize fhall be condemned or fold. * ^f^oilow-

ftate and account in writing, under the hand or b'’~aS ot iuc" “ig.

agent

Digitized by

*98

Form of the account.

Anno vicelimo primo Georgii III. c. 44.	[*781.

agent or agents, or perfon or perfons fo employed, containing the name of fuch prize, and the grofs and nett produce thereof, the number of perfons intitled to (hare therein, diftinguilhing their feveral dalles, with the name and names of the (hip and (hips, and alfo of the captain or captains, and commanders, by which the fame was taken, together alfo with the payments of the feveral (hares as (hall then have been really and truly by him or them refpe&ively f>aid; which account and accounts (hall be made and delivered in the following form :

AN Account of the grofs and nett produce of the	a

prize, taken by his Majefty’s fhip the	captain

commander, and of the bounty bills in refpeft thereof, (in cafe any bounty is payable,) as alio of the numb# of perfons entitled to (hare in fuch prize and bounty, (in caff any bounty is payableJ diftinguifhing their dalles, with the payments of the feveral (hares between	(the	daf

advertifed for payment) and



Digitized by LjOOQle

A

el

t. £	:

i

M-

u

i-3

O

#

o

w

0

o

E

a.

o

I'

8.

67

do

Grofs produce of prize, and amount of, bounty bill, (in cafe any bounty is payable J

Nett produce.

d.

Number of perfons of each clafs entitled to fhare.

-	Captain

-	Commiffioned officers -Warrant officers

Petry officers -Able, &c.

•n

c

Ntnpber of perfons of each ciafs paid ; flic (inn pafflia each, and the total.	^	'	;

>*-



-	Captain -

-	Commitfio^. officers

-	Warrant officers, at

-	Petty officers, at

-	Able, &c. at -

.	%	' X.
each, Ts	■ .	
each, is		-
each* &		.
each, is		' r

Total -

A. B. Agent, (or one of the agents.)

JJ

0°

O

O

290	Anno	vicefimo	primo GeoRgii III. C. 44. [17$!.

and in cafe any perfon or perfons, intitled to (hare in the produce of fuch prize, (hall not be cntirled to (hare in the bounty money payable in refpedt thereof, then a diftindt account of the amount of the bounty bifls, the nett produce, and diftribution thereof, (hall be affo delivered to the deputy of fuch treafurer, by the agent or agents of fuch prize, at the fame time and times, and agreeable to the form herein-before prescribed for accounts of prize and bounty money, and the payments thereof. A t &c II. And be it further enadted. That in cafe any perfon or peril egletting to fons, agent or agents, or others, who (hall fo fell or difpofe of deliver fuch any prize or prizes fo to be taken as aforefaid, and (hall refufe account, (hall or negledf to deliver any fuch account, in manner and form as forfeit tool* t|ie fame js herein-before directed, to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be fo deputed by the treafurer of the faid hofpital, and at fuch times as are herein before limited and appointed for that purpofe, he or they fo refufing or negledhng, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds. Treafurer of HI. And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be law-thehofpital, or ful to and for the treafurer of the faid hofpital, or his deputy, hisdeputymay or perfon appointed by him in that behalf, and he and they is infpedtagents ancJ are hereby refpedtively authorifed and impowered, at any prize lifts, &c. time or times, within one calendar month after the expiration of the term of three years limited by the faid a<5te, to have re-courfe to and infpeft all prize lids and pay lids of any fuch a-gent or agents, or perfon or perfons as aforefaid, refpedking any prize or prizes, the forfeited and unclaimed fhares of which are by the faid recited a£h directed to be applied to the faid hofpital, and to take copies of the whofe of fuch accounts, or fuch part or parts thereof as he or they (hall think neceflary, fuch copies to be begun before the expiration of the faid calendar month. Agents, &c. IV. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any fuch agent or a6ents> or Per^on or perfons as aforefaid, (hall, within forfeit sooi.° time herein-before limited for infpedting fuch lids, re-• fufe to produce, or (hall not produce, to the treafurer of the faid hofpital, or his deputy, or perfon appointed as aforefaid, upon requed, fuch lids, and fuffer him or them to infpedt and perufe the fame, and to take fuch copies thereof, or of fuch parts thereof, as he or they (hall think neceflary; fuch agent or agents, perfon or peTons, fo refufihg or negle&ing, (hall, for every fuch refufal or negleft, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

. V. And be it further enacted, 'That fuch perfon and perfons, in three WIth" agent anc* agents, (hall, within the fpace of three calendar months after months next after the term of three years limited by the faid the term of	a&s, make out an exa& account in writing of the produce of

three years	fuch prize and prizes, bill and bills for bounty, as alfo of the

i^dted a2t*the Payments of the feveral (hares to the refpe&ive captors, toge-are to make ther with a juft and true account, upon oath, to be taken be-oatan me- fore the treafurer of the faid hofpital for the time being, or any count of the other perfon Or perfons by him for that purpofe deputed and au-pri«sCand thorifed, (which oath the faid treafurer of the faid hofpital, and bounty bills, his fufficient deputy and deputies, are hereby authorifed and &c.	impowered

Digitized by

*78 !•] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii lit. c. 44;	291

impowered to adminifter) of all fum and fums of money as *

(hall be then remaining in fuch agent or agents, or perfons cuftody, power, or pofleffion, on account of fuch prize and prizes* and bounty bill of bills ; and (hall at the fame time deliver, or ^ deliver caufe to be delivered, unto fuch perfon or perfons as the faid the fame, with treafurer (hall depute and appoint for that purpofe, in the the balance in colony or illand in which fuch prize or prizes (hall be fo con- hand, to the demned or fold, the faid accounts fo attefted upon oath as afore- p^rj[on £1 faid, and pay over or tender to the faid deputy or deputies, all treafurer, ** fuch remaining fum and fums pf money then fo left and remaining in his or their hands as aforefaid, taking from the (aid de-puty or deputies his or their acquittance or acquittances for the fame.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That if any fuch agent or a- ort gents, or perfons, (hall negledt or refufe to deliver the faid laft agents neg-mentioned account or accounts, to the deputy or deputies of K&iog to deli* the treafurer of the faid hofpital, within the time before limit- yer fuch ac-ed for the fame, in manner and form as is herein-before mentis count,# oned ; or if fuch agent or agents, or perfons, (hall negleS or re- or to pay fucb fufe to pay over, or tender to the faid deputy or deputies refpeft- b*l*nce. ively, all and every fuch fum and fums of money as (hail remain in his or their hand or hands, power, cuftody, or poffeffi-

on, after the term of three years fo limited by the (aid a<5ts, he or they (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds, and alfo double the amount of the fum or fums of money (if any) which were in fuch agent or agents hands, power, cuftody, or pofleffion, at the expiration of the terrn of three years limited by the faid adts.

VII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Agents oblige That, for the better difeovery of all fuch forfeited and unclaim- ed to anfwer, cd (hares of prize and bounty money as (hall remain in the °*[h, bills, hands of any agent or agents, or perfon or perfons aforefaid, af^ them in ter the term of three years, fo limited by the faid adts, fuch fny coUrt Qf agent or agents, or other perfon or perfons aforefaid, (hall be equity, obliged and compellable to anfwer, upon oath, fuch bill or bills, information or informations, as (hall be hied againft him or

them in any court of equity, for difeovering the monies remain- * ing in his or their hands.

VIII.	And be it further enadled. That if any fuch agent or Penalty on agents, or perfon or perfons as aforefaid, (hall make ufe of, agent* making commit, permit, do, or fuffer, any fraud, collufion, or deceit,

in making up, ftating, or balancing any of the accounts hereinbefore diredled, he and they fo offending (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, (over and above the penalties and pun-ifliments inflidted bv this adt) the fum of one hundred pounds*

IX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

That all penalties and forfeitures by this adl impofed, fhall be Penalties and applied to the ufe of the faid royal hofpital; and (hall and may forfeitures ble fued for and recovered, with cofts of fuit, in the name how to be r*m of the commiffioners and governors of the royal hofpital for feamen at Grewwhb, in the county of Kcnt^ by adtion Vol. XXXIII.	X	of

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii 111. c. 44. [1781;

of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in the colony or place where fuch agent or agents (hall refide and be, in which it (hall be fufficient to declare that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the fum of	being

forfeited by an aft, paffed in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, intituled, \bere infert the title of the afi,] wherein no effoin, proteftion, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That fo much of the faid re-Part of the	cited afts as impofes a penalty of one hundred pounds on agents

reC tafd^# alK* P^0118 not tranfmitting or delivering the accounts therein repea e . mentioned to the treafurer of the faid hofpital, or his deputy or agent, or within the time therein limited, or neglefting to pay over fuch fum and fums of money as therein mentioned, (hall (except as to agents for prizes condemned in Great Britain) be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XL And whereas fundry Jhips and vejfels belonging to bis Majej-This aft to fy's enemies have been, and may, before the firft day of November, Crfzesdalready one ^oufand feven hundred and eighty-one, be taken and made prize taken* or * * of by his Majefty's Jhips of war, and no dijlribution of the produce which may be of fuch prizes, or of the bounty money in refpeft thereof \ may have taken before been made before the faid firft day of November, be it further of°the * ro-** cna<^c<^	authority	aforefaid. That in cafe any (hip or

duce whereof veffel belonging to any of his Majefty’s enemies hath already no diftribu- been, or (hall, before the firft day of November, one tboufand tion (hall have feven hundred and eighty-one, be taken and made prize of by noro?the* any ^*S ^ajefty’s ^*PS war, anc* no diftribution of the probounty mo- ^ucc °f ^uc*1 Pr*ze> or °f the bounty money in refpedl thereof, ifey, on or be- fhall have been made on the faid firft day of November, that then fore the laid and in every fuch cafe the feveral claufes, provifions, regulations, Nov' *• aqd penalties, contained in this aft, (hall, and are hereby declared to extend to every fuch prize, and to the bounty money in refpeft thereof, and alfo to all agents and others appointed or to be appointed for the condemnation and fale of fuch prize, in i fuch and the fame manner, and as fuljy and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch prize were taken after the faid firft day of November; any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That nothing herein con-Thu aft not |a;nccj (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any capture cawuKi con- which (hall be condemned or fold in any port or place within demned or Great Britain, nor to any bounty money arifing therefrom or in fold in Great refpeft thereof, nor to any agent or agents, or perfon or perions, Britain, &c. to ^ appointed for the condemnation or fale of fuch capture;

any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP.

17$ t>] Anno Vicefirno primo GeoRGIi III. c. 45.	293

C A P. XLV.

Jn aft for continuing and amending an afl, made in the lafl fef-fion of parliament, intituled, An adl for appointing ana enabling commiflioners to examines take, and ftate the publick account* of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hand* of accountants, which may be applied to the f publick fcrvjqe; and what defe&s there ai*e in the prefent mode of receiving, collecting, ifluing, and accounting for ' publick mopey; and in what more expeditious and effe&ual* and Iels expenfive manner, the faid fervices can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the publick*

WHEREAS by an oft, made in thelaffeffian of pat-liament, (intituled. An a& for appointing and enabling commiflioners to examine, take, and ftate the publick accounts 10 Gco*^t -of the kingdom ; and to report what balances are in the hands c* ***	4

of accountants, which may be applied to the publick fervices and what defers there are ip: the prefent mode of receiving, collecting, ifluing, and accounting for publick moneys and lin •what more expeditious and effectual, and lefs ex pen five manner, the faid fervices can in future be regulated and carried oh for the benefit >bf the publick), certain perfims 'therein homed were eonJHtuted commijfioners for examining, iukhtgd and* ' flat/hg tbtat-\ counts of all duties, taxes, and moms, granted, raftd, And appropriated for the publick fervice of this kingdom, witch bad been iffuod to any perfin br perfifiS whatsoever, whnfe, final octomitf/have tootbi- ! tberto fain faffed before the auditor of the imprefidattending to the , forms of the exchequer, or wbo/e accounts, although\paffed, 'Mtketou •

for feXvfceS which have been performed finte the fir ft faydfi ljanua- .^

ry, one thoufahd'feven hundred and fevttety-fix \ and alfo'of'M hob	,M'f^

duties, taxes, and monies, which (hould thereafter be granted, raijed,	t ,

and appropriated for the publick fervice of this kingdom^kt anytime .JIfT;rr; before the determination of the faid aft, and of all arrears thereof; bk ^ f and alfo for examining and fating in what manner, and at wBot ‘ 5	"

times, the receipts, iffues, and expenditures of' the faid publick monies were then accounted for, and for confidering of arid reporting by. what means and methods the publick accounts might in futsift be puffed, and the accountants compelled to pay the balances or. monies due from them, in a more expeditious, more effectual, and lefs. expenfme manner: And whereas the faid commijjioners have made a confident-bit progrefs in the execution of the powers vefied in . them by the faid . aft, and have, in the courfe and order of the examinations uni proceedings taken and had by virtue thereof fiated and reported to his Mcjefiy, and to parliament, funiry matters of great impor/dnek akd concern to the publick fervice, and it is highly expedient that the ck~-quiries into, and examinations of the otper accounts, matters, and things, referred to' them by the faid aft,/hould be continued and finijh* ed, and the refult of them fiatei,"for the further information end faiitfaftion of bis Mcijefiy’and his people-, be it therefore^enaCted by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and the advice

X 2	and

294

Commiflxon-crs appointed to examine and date the publick accounts of the kingdom.

The recited aft to continue in force after July 5, 2787*

Anno vicefimo prime Georgii III. c.45. [1781.'

and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That lieutenant general fir Guy Car let on, Thomas Anguifh efquire, Arthur Piggott efquire, Richard Neave efquire, Samuel Beachcroft efquire, and George Drummond efquire, or anylhrec or more of them, (hall be, and are hereby conftituted coramif-iioners for examining* taking, and dating the accounts in'the faid recited aft mentioned; and alfo for examining and dating in what manner, and at what times, the receipts, iflues, and expenditures of the faid publick monies are now accounted for, .and for confidering of and reporting by what means and methods the publick accounts may in future be patted, and the accountants compelled to pay the balances of monies due from them, in a more expeditious, more effeftual, and lefs expenfive manner; and that the faid aft, and every claufe, matter, and thing' contained therein, and all the powers and authorities given to the (and commiflioners therein named, or any three or more of them, (hall be and continue in full force and virtue, .to all intents, conftruftions, and purpofes whatfoever, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and ,eighty-one* and (hall and may be executed by the commiflion-ers hereby conftituted, or any three or more or them,

II. And it is hereby declared and enafted by the authority m impowered aforefaid, That the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of to examine ac-them, are hereby autborifed and impowered to examine the fe-^aordina^" *veral accounts of extraordinary fervices incurred, and not pro-fences not vided for by parliament, which have been laid before the houfe provided for of commons lince the firft day of January, one thoufand (even by parliament, hundred and feventy-fix, ana (hail* have the fame powers and houftCoffC ^- authorities in that refpeft as are given to the faid commiflioners mons, fince*11* appointed by the faid recited aft, for taking and dating the ac-*	counts	therein	mentioned.

’ III. And be it further enafted. That no perfon appointed a commifiioner by this aft, (hall accept of or hold any civil of-' fice of profit during pleafure, from or under his Majefty, during the continuance of this aft.

IV. And be it further enafted. That any three of the faid commiflioners in this aft, before they enter upon the execution of the feme, (hall take an oath before the chancellor of the exchequer, or before the mafter of the rolls for the time being, (which they and either of them are hereby authorized and re-the chancellor quired to adminifter), the tenor whereof (hall be as followeth ; of the exche- (that is to fay), quer, See. v	J

Com mi (lion-

Jan. t91776.

No commif. fioner to hold a civil office of profit during pleafure under his Majefty.

Any three of the commif-fioners to be fworn before

The oath.	T A. B. do jwear,	That,	according to the heft of my JkiU and how-

A ledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly, execute the fevered \'powers and trufls veiled in me by an aft, (intituled. An aft for continuing and amending an aft, made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled,.44 An aft for appointing and enabling com-?? miflioners to examine, take, and date the publick accounts of the kingdom j and to report what balances are in the bands

“of

1781.] Anna vicefimaprirrft Gedrgii III. c.46.	$95

ft of accountants, which may be applied to the.publick fer-:

“vice; and what defers there are in the prefent mode of re-u ceiving, collecting, ifluing, and accounting for publick mo-“ney; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and lefs,

‘•'expenfive manner, the laid f^rvices can ip future be regulat-u ed and carried on for the benefit of the publick;”) according» to the tenor and purport of the*faid aft.

And every other of the faid commiflioners in this ad named The faid three (hall likewife take the fameoathfbefctfe the laid three commiflion-er3, who are. hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the the oath to the fame after they (half themfelves have taken the_faid oath as reft, aforefaid. t

V.	And be it further enabled, That the lords commiflioners ^furymay of the treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being, are payi>0ool. to hereby authorifed and required to iflue and caufc to be paid all the order of fiich turns xrfmoney, not exceeding, two thoufand pounds, tortbe commit fuch perfon or perforts as the faid cbmmiflioners, or any three or.fioDCrf’ more of them, /hall, by writing under their hands'^ defire or di-

red, out of any part of the publick monies remaining in .bis.. ..	.

Majefty’s exchequer; which /urns, fo iflyed and paid (hall be^hcreo? °n

employed fxk the payment of clerks, meflengers, and other of-"

ficers, and in defraying all other neceflary charges in or about

the execution of the powers of this ad, and in fuch manner*

and in fuch proportions, as (hall be appointed by the /aid com-

miffioners, or any three or more of them, by writing under

their hands and feals, in that behalf; the fame to be accounted

for by the perfon pr perfons to whom Jhe fame (hall be iffued of

paid, according to the courfe of his Mqefty’s exchequer, with-r

out any fees or other charges to be taken or demanded for the

iffuing and payment of the (hme oh the paffing t>f the ftid ac«*

counts, othfr than fuch fum ther$y commiflioners, or any

three or more of them, (hall appoint.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That if any fuch publick atf» Executor* of countant is dead, the executors'Of adminiftrators bf fuch deceaf- accountants ed accountant (hall, when required thereto by the commiflioners,

or any three or more of them,.attend the faid commiflioners, andexecute and obfenre and exeoute the orders and directions of the faid their order*, commiflioners, in like manner as accountants by this ad are required to do. ;	f	J.	.	>

VIJ. And be it further enaded, That this ad, fo far as re~ Continuance latesto the powers of taking, examining, and (fating accounts, °f this ad, and adminiftering of oaths and iflumg df precepts, Sail endure for tlip fpape of one year from the fifth day of Julyy one thoi^-fcnd (even hundred and eighty-one, and no longer*	..

CAP. XLVI,

....... p n	«.

An ad to enable John Bowater efquire, to grant 1eafes,.ln pofleflion dr jeverfion, of n dock-yard and land at Woolwich, in the county of Kent, (being part of his fettled eftate,) to the priodpal officers and eanuniffionera of bis Majefty’s navy, in behalf of bis Majefty*fcia heirs and(bocefiorf.	<77 rri

Xj	Preamble*

/

Anno vicefiftio primo GEOKGir III. c. 47;	[1781.'

Preamble. Recital of an indenture, dated Dec. if, 1775* 'R^tal of indentures of leafe apd releafe, dated Jijly 301 and July 31* 177?. Term of 500 years to Robert Bathurft and Arthur Gregory, &c., upon trutt tq provide for younger children. Cammifltoners of the navy liaye pro-

Sofed to take a long feafe of the premifes comprised in the recited sh-enture of leafe* 5rc. John Bowaterimpo were d to leafe the laid premifer.-td* them, in behalf of his Ma jelly, for any term of yean; feferving the beft rent that can be got ter the fame, without, taking any premium, $cc. To whom the faid rent (hall be payable. General favlng.

CAP. XLVH.	/

An aft to amend and enlace the powers'of an aft, patted in the eleventh year of hU pfefent Majdty’s reigif, fbr performing fevehfl Works, and*

; making improvements within the univerfity and city of Oxford, and* the fuburbs thereof, and in the adjoining parifk ot Saint Clement..

iPreamble. .Recital of an aft it, Geo. 3. A new ftone bridge over the riverCherWill; near Magdalen Cbllege not completed, and*other works doixt gnd a debt incurred. Preftnt term of the taiUpfor si years* not ioflficient to, complete the dettg^. The terdyef fyrmeraft re-fpefting Lollt^. &c. continued for a further term of %i years. Double, toll on Sundays.* To be col left ed,‘ &t . as by former aftf. Paflengers ?n ; returned carnages to pay. 'Expence pf cleanfirig and lighting the bridge :dut if the fobs,: FSnalty for damaging the bridge, ftp. if)not felony 5^ betides damhgn9.rr Penalty on getting over the bridge, buiWfrg Of fdvnf* ing trees.^c, ne^t it xps. and^continuing nuifante ia davs after notice* 5$. per dayr C?ommittToners impowered to widen the Hign Street. Aft ihpealed,as to paymgexpences of paving out of rhetoll*. All the ftie^tSt lanes, die, *6 be t)sw^pavcd. Method of raUwfg OiOnVy for paving,.*©.*, pairing, cieanfing,£hd lighting. { two hubs of qeceflary fuins raifed maind.er by pound rates} Tor rpai deanfmg thfe ftreets; &c. by Vhe otctjpiers. Limitation of monies tp be raifed, thrttTfifths to be paid by-ovtners\ fot* paving is. per I.per annum; by occupiers for repairing as. per 1. pin: annum, and £or cleanfing 1 s« per 1. per annum. All arrears due to coufraftors, £c. to be paid. Rates to be recovered as by the former aft. TJhe univernty to' pay their proportion. The univfffify to kfcCrtiin the futo they adjudge to be the quota of each college Or; bell* Uifi?eriity-*<£de0uft a reasonable allowance" for., thie expMceiiijDelloftangi i^Ejcmptions from/the • rptesf jhf publick market, and	pa&ur©>	dr	arable	Undent}

gardens.above an acre, ufed for me_otpjro4ucetla;)d p^f/om fxcufed from ’poor's rit^ ort account 6f pbVfc'iryt1 J'Application of'mctarfy arifing by the - rates, for the piirpofes in thwift-^ridbb other. *TP	&c.

; three or fasr^art paving cates; tome* pave ttceecn the dame fbaU beal* 4ojwed 4%paidan fequty rate*. The freer called 4 jie/3'url tp b$ w^de^d. Incapacitated perrons impowered to (ell and convey, if parties neglect to treat, &q. damages to bc^afcerLained by a jury, vyben eftdtes art paid for* tWe paftager may be Widsmkf.^ Time lfonttfecf Wpsying phrehafe money: thrce cafendar months.fife? decree.*	noaoedf

.callyig Atjo W y «° proceedings:SWfepp* qr pu^afe	dot	paid-in

time, t L---------------------- “------  ‘	" J ‘ r-" "	1

money

that a new mairfcthas beerlt:bropAefec[,, be fold in 14 hours, if not replevied. Butter, eggs, and fruit, to be fold in the new market only*. JeM4? fnS]t (bid by inhabitants in their own (hops, of their own growth, or purchafed in the faid market.) Foreign *4kait excepted., f Pet tom to pay for felling wf tbfcnfeihtbe are^ onrtbe notah of tUe marktt.^ Recital of agtotmentf, tbttfc>tbs;new jMrkct ihaU be afiegbd m xbc paritti of AH fiaints, at the rite of i^ql^ perajinom.and |s$t.:N^ifflaelU, at^Lpefcansupi* The above agreements confirmed. Penalty on making obftruftiona in the avenues from tbe High Stnetc to • . mi.riH	f	the

Digitized by ^ooQle

*97

1781.] Anno viccfimo primo GeorGII III. c. 48.

the market* 5s. and not left than is. Penalty on breaking lamps', &c. *os. each. Stage waggons and poft-chafes not to be left in the ftreets. Penalty on caunng nuifances; for firft offence 10s. fecond 15s. and third sos. The former a# extended to proje&ing blinds, and to other nuisances in the ftreets, Sic. or in the parifhof St. Clement. For emptying pools of ftale into the lirects, except between twelve at night, and four in the morning, to forfeit 10s. Clauie in former a# for fweeping the ftreets twice a week, repealed : and feven or more coramiffioners may contra# with fcavengeis for cleanfing the ftreets, See. twice in every week, wherein to be fpecified the work to be done, the manner and time of doing it, and the price and a penalty for nonperformance, and publick notice to be given previous to fuch contra#; to be paid out of the money railed for cleanfing and lighting. Nuifances by filth, Sec. Penalty for fifft offence 5s. fecond 7s. 6d. and third ios. Times of emptying bog-houfes, &c. between twelve at night and five in the morning in fummer, and four in winter. Carting filth in ftreets, Sec. penalty 40s. and not under 20s. Foot paths to be fwept by the inhabitants. Scavengers duty ; to carry away filth, See. brought out of houfes, immediately after the ftreets are fwept, and to fweep twice a week the foot paths not adjoining to fome college, hall, or hftufe, on penaltyof 20s. betides the penalty in contra#. Qualification of commiilioners poftetied of 401, in lands, or 8001. perfonai eltate, on penalty in the former a#. Commit fioners* oatb. viz.

I A. B. do fwear. That I truly and bona fide am in my own right, or in the right of my wife, in the a#ual poffeffion and enjoyment, or receipt of the rents and profits, of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of forty pounds, above reprizes, or pofTefled of, or intitled to, a perfonai eftate to the amount of eight hundred pounds.'

Fellows of colleges, and ftudents of Chrift Church, may a# without any other qualification. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered as by the former a#, and applied one moiety to the informer, and the other to thq purpofes of this aa. Expences of this a#, to be paid out of the firft fho-ney anting. Former a# continued with this.' Publick a#.

CAP. XLVIII.

An all to dir ell the payment into the exchequer of the refpellive ba* lances remaining in the hands of the feveral ptrfons therein named* for the ufe and benefit of the publick j and for indemnifying the faid refpellive ptrjons, and their reprefentatives, in refpeli of fuch payments, and agatnjl all furture claims relating thereto ; ana far other purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an all of parliament, made in the twentieth p ,.

year of the reign of bis prejent Majejly, intituled, Ana# Recitaj 0} tQ for appointing and enabling commiflioners to examine, take* Qeo. 3< Wp# and ftate the publick accounts of the kingdomj and to report 54. what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the publick fervice; and what defe#s there are in the prefent mode of receiving, collecting, iifuing, and accounting for publick money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and lefs expenfive manner, the faid fervices can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the publick; it was enabled*

Thai lieutenant general fir Guy Carleton, Thomas Auguilh ef-

£tire, Arthur Piggott efquire, Richard Neave efqutre, Samuel eachcroft efquire, James Tierney efquire* and George Drummond ejquire, or any three of tbem% Jbould be, and were thereby con-

X 4	fiituted

298	Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 48. [1781*

Jlituted (ommijjioners for examining, taking, andfating the accounts rif all duties, taxes, and monies, granted, roifed, and appropriated, for the publick fervice of this kingdom, which bad been ijfued to any pert fon or perfons whatfoe^jer, whofe final accounts had not then been paffed before the auditor of the imprefl, according to the forms of the exchequer, or whofe accounts, although paffed, had been for fervices which had been performedfince the firft day of January, one thou fand feven hundred and feventy-ftx; and for confidering of, and re* porting by what means and methods the publick accounts might in future be pqffed, and the accountants compelled to pay the balances, and monies due from them, in a more expeditious, more effectual, and lefi expenfive manner: and to the intent that the publick might fooner avail themfelves of fame of the advantages intended to be derived from the faid aft, it was thereby further enacted. That the /aid commiffioners Jbould in the fir ft place, take an account of the publick monies in the hands of the feveral accountants-, and for that purpofe Jbould call on them to deliver in a cajh account, and Jhould confider what fum it might be proper to leave in the hands of each accountant rejpeftively, for carrying on the fervices to which the fame was or might be applicable, and what fums might be taken out of their hands to be difpofed Third report of by parliament for the publick fervice: and whereas fix of the Jaid of the com-	commiffioners, by their third report,bearing date the fixth day of March,

^ icd^Ma* h 9rt' tboufynd feven hundred and eighty-one, under their hands and «“tl « feals ana by them presented to the houfe of commons in purfuance of Balances in the faid aft, did certify, that the fum offeventyfix thoujandfevtn the hands of hundred ninety-three pounds, eighteen Jhillings, and one penny farth-the late trea- ing, was then remaining in the hands of feveral of the late treafurers luier* of t,he pj frls JUajefifs navy who had refigned their offices, or in the hani{ H*vy» c. ifo refpeftive executors, adminijlrators, andaffigns, or the perfo-rial reprefentatives of fuck of them as were dead-, (videlicet,) the fum of twelve thoujand three hundred and ftxty pounds, three Jbiflings, and Jour-pence three fflrtbings, remaining in the hands of the right honourable George Nugent earl Temple, the perfonalreprefentative pj the right honourable George Grenville deceafed, Iqte treafurer of his Majefif s navy, the fum of thirteen thoujand feven hundred fixty-three pounds, feven /hillings, and one penny three farthings, remaining in the bends of the right honourable William lord vifeount Barrington in the kingdom of Ireland, alfo late treafurer of bis Majefifs navy -, the fum of twenty-three thoujand one hundred and fix pounds, eleven/billings, and five-pence three farthings, remaining in the hands pf the right honourable Richard lord vifeount Howe in the kingdom cf Ireland, alfo late treafurer of his Majeftys navy -, and the fum of twenty-feven thoujand five hundredfixty-three pounds, fixteen /billings, and one penny, Remaining in the hands of fir Gilbert Elliot baronet the Fourth re-	perfonal representative of the right honourable fir Gilbert Elliot ba~

port, dated	ronet deceafed, alfo late treafurer of his Majefiys navy: and whereas,

April 9,17ji. fa the fourth report, bearing date the ninth day of April, one tbeu-Balances in Jan& f*v*n hundred and eighty-one, under the hands and jeals of fix of of the hands the Jaid commiffioners, and by them prefented to the houfe of commons the late pay- in purfuance of the faid aft, the faid commiffioners did further cer-xnafters ge»e- tify, that the fum of three hundred feventy-Jeven iboufand feven bun-*	fad eighty weight pounds, five Jbillings, and/even-pen#, was then re-

maining

Digitized by uooQle

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 48.	399

maining in the handi of the paymajler s general of his Majefifs forces who had refigned their offices, or tn the hands of the heirs, executors, ftiminiflrators, and affigns, or the per final reprefentatives offuch of them as were dead 5 (videlicet,) the fum of two hundred fifty fix thoufand four hundred fiftyfix pounds, two /billings, and four-pence, remaining in the hands of John Powell efquire, the only afting executor of the late right honourable lord Holland deceafed, late pay-tnafter general of his Majefifs forces; the fum of forty four thoufani four hundred twenty-two pounds, four /billings, and eight-pence remaining in the hands of the right honourable Caroline baronefs Greenwich, admini/lratrix to the right honourable Charles Town-fhend deceafed, alfo late paymajler general of his Majeflfs forces 5 the fum of fixty three thoufand feven hundred thirty-eight pounds, three /hillings9 and ten-pence, remaining in the hands of the right honourable Frederick lord North, and George John Cooke, and Charles Molloy, efquires, the perfonal representatives of the late George Cooke efquire deceofid, late joint paymajler general of his Ma-jefifs for as with the faid Frederick lord North; and the fum of thirteen thoufand one hundred feventy-one pounds, fourteen /billings, and nine-pence, remaining in the hands of the right honourable Thomas Townlhend, and the faid George John Cooke, and Charts Molloy, the perfonal reprefentatives of the late George Cooke, efquire deceafed, late joint paymajler general of his Majeflfs forces . with the faid right honourable Thomas Townlhend: and whereas it is highly proper and expedient that the faid feveral balances or " fums of money, amounting in the whole to the fum of four hundred fifty four thoufand five hundred eighty- two pounds, three /billings, and . eight-pence farthing, fhould be paid into his Majeflfs exchequer, to be iifpofed of by parliament for the publick fervice, mtwtthjlanding the final accounts of the per fins to whom the faid fums were ifftced have not been paffed before the auditor of the imprefi, according to the forms if the exchequer; and that the faid Jeveral perfons, their heirs, executors, adminijlrators, and affigns, fhould be fully indemnifiedin refpeft of fuch payments into the exchequer\ be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prcfent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That, on or before the twenty-fourth dav of Oflober, in the The fum of year of our lord one thoufand feven hunared and eighty one, 75*7061. it. the fum of feventy-three thoufand feven hundred and fix pounds, 4<bthe one (hilling, and four-pence halfpenny, being the balance re- mafning^n"the maining in the hands of fuch of the faid late treafurers of his Ma- hands of the jefty?s navy who are nonliving, and in the hands of the perfo- late treafurers Inal reprefentatives of fuch of them as are dead, in the feveral of the navy, proportions following; that is to fay, the fum of twelve thoufand jnt^the ex-* three hundred and fixty pounds, three (hillings, and four-pence chequer on or three farthings, remaining in the hands of the right honour- before 06*. able George Nugent earl Temple, the perfonal reprefentative of the **» faid right honourable George Grenville deceafed; the* fum of thirteen thoufand feven hundred fixty^three pounds, feven (hillings, and one penny thrfc farthings, remaining in the hands of

Digitized by v^ooQle

3°o

The fum of 377,7«8l- 5s*

7 d. the balance remaining in the hands of the late paymaf-ters general, See. to be paid into the exchequer on or before 061. *4, J7S1.

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. C.48.	[1781*

the faid right honourable William lord vifeount Barrington in file kingdom of Ireland; the fum of twenty-three thoufand one hundred and fix pounds, eleven (hillings, and five-pence three farthings, remaining in the hands of the faid right honourable Richard lord vifeount Howe in the kingdom of Ireland; the fum of twenty-four thoufand four hundred (eventy-five pounds, nineteen (hillings, and four-pence farthing, remaining in the hands of the faid fir Gilbert Elliot baronet, the perfonal reprefentative of the (aid right honourable fir Gilbert Elliot baronet deceafed; making in the whole, the faid aggregate fum of feventy-three thoufand feven hundred and fix pounds, one (hilling, and four-pence halfpenny, or fo much of the faid feveral balances or fums of money as (hall then remain in the hands of the faid feveral and refpedtive perfons unapplied to the fervices, charges, and de* mands, to which the fame are refpeclively liable, (hall be paid into his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejiminfter, and be applied to (uch fervices as (hall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain, in this prefent feflion of parliamentj and the faid rierfons in whofe hands the faid feveral fums are remaining, arc hyteby refpe&ively dire&ed and required to pay the fame accordingly.

II.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforelaid, That, on or before the faid twenty-fourth day of October* in the year of our lord one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-one, the faid aggregate fum of three hundred feventy-feven thoufand feven hundred eighty-eight pounds, five (hillings, and feven-pence, being the balance remaining in the hands of fuch the faid late paymafters general of his Majefty’s forces u^ho are now living, and in the hands of the perfonal reprefen-tatives of fuch of them as are dead, in the feveral proportions herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay, the fum of two hundred fifty-fix thoufand four hundred fifty-fix pounds, two (hillings, and four-pence, remaining in the hands of the faid John Powell* the only acting executor of the faid late right honourable Henry lord Holland deceafed j the fum of forty-four thoufand four hundred twenty-two pounds, four (hillings, and eight-pence, remaining in the hands of the faid right honourable Caroline ba-ropefs Greenwich, the perfonal reprefentative of the faid right honourably Charles Townjbend deceafed ; the fum of fixty-three thoufand (even hundred thirty-eight pounds, three (hillings, and ten-pence, remaining in the hands of the faid right honour- , able Frederick lord North, and of the faid George John Cooke ^ and Charles Molloy, efquires, the perfonal reprefentatives pf the faid late George Cooke efquire deceafed; the fum of thirteen thoufand one hundred feventy-one pounds, fourteen (hillings, and nine* pence, remaining in the hands of the faid right honourable Thomas Townjbend^ and of the faid George John Cooke, and Charles Molloy, efquires, the perfonal reprefentatives of the faid late George Cooke efquire deceafed; or fo much of the faid feveral balances or fums of money as (hall then remain in the hands of the faid fefe*al and refpe&ive perfons* unapplied to the

4	fervices.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno vfcdfimo primt> GfioR^r IIJ. <?.

fcwipcpn charges, and demands, fo which the. fame are tefpee-tively liable, (hall be paid into his Majeftv’s exchequer min/ter, and be applied to fuch fervices as (hail then have been voted by the commons'of Of tat Britfiinjo this prefent feflion of parliament; and the laid perfons inwhofe hands the faid fe-veraf -luhts 'are i^Smjrt§,1 are hdWby rfcTpfe&iVetyditetSfed*n<L required to pay the fame according. -Ifj-And ir is hereby fyr^fr .ejtaa<^ .and-d?^?r^>'^ha^ °P- Upon pay.. -on payment of the leyctal apd relpeifti.ve -lup^s herein-befbre mentofthe mentioned* or ahypajt tbtreofppfpeiai velyvbjr<he feveral and fum**bov.e' refpe^iy^^efron»..a^rr«(tid, into the receipt of hi? .Mtjefty’s ex* SeVa'idVate chequer* the fever;?! apd refpe&ive perigrvs afprcfejdr^qd, their trealbrers of re(pe&ive heir*,, executors, adminiftfatorsj-spd adigns, and the the navy, and heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and *©8P?v of *he-refoe&ive, PaJrmaJler? . laWjltearmers of h^'^tjefly’s navy, .and . RSymafters general of J**** his Majefty’s forces, deceased, and they, each . ^id overy of rhaii’be ac-thenty and their and eyery of their refpe&ive lands, tenements, quitted and good#*! and chaMdfertitfll be, and .er^he.reby acquitted*, difr. ^j3a^d for charged, and exonerated, agtdoft'hw Majetty,bip heirs and fuc-ceflhes, aod all and every perfon .and perfens whatfoever, for, and ip retped of all and every fitch fom and fums of money as. (hall be (o .paid inCo the exchequer »s aforefeld, and credit! (hall be ■'-> . i grvenand allowed for the fame kj the refpe<ttiw account* of the faid. late treafurers of his Majefty’s navy, and late paymftttgra general of bis Majefly’s forcfes, aod their reprefentatiyes.ihy the	.]■

auditor or. auditors of the imprdtts, op producing ai tfthy or tal-	*

bes-for the refpe&ive fonts fo to be paid into the -receipt .of'hi*	-

Majefty’s exchequer; any afi or affc.qf parliament,-of any cuf-	,	‘‘

toon or ufagr? to; the contrary thereof in any-*»fe Itolwith* fending. <I ,!u to '.*,1.	I.c...■«; t • >' ■ <

;,riV. And be-.it Jvrther ena&ed^by-rthe authority afore&id, Commiffion-That the copundBoners of his Majefty’s treaftiry now or for the ers °f the time-being, octapy three or more-of them, or the high-treafuref oV?e r ^ rpay-£or thotioM being, (hall, and are’hereby authorifed.and im- maifergeneral pnvyecod, upon.reprefentation to. them made, to order and direct to apply any theipay matter, geherali of the forces itow or for the. time being, pubHcfc mo* bailor any money in his hands, applicable jo the uferdf his Ma- hand" to* the yetof's foices, to. paytdl and every, ttlch fum and (writ -of money pubiick fervl. as-they (hall judge, juft and reSfonable for fatisfying apy de-ces; tpaods for military or other pilblick fervioes; and alfo to order and alfo the and dtrettt the treafurer of the navy now dr fot the time being, treafurer of out of: «y mopey in his hands applicable to the fervice of the of*anvmi’wick aavyjo. fatisfy.and.pay any navy bill be bills, wages to feamen, money in hie half-pay bounty to chaplains, and all or any other demands on hands, topay account of the-navy j Which (bould of might have been paid, by anY nav>’ bilk, any or cither of thfe (aid late paymattera general of the forces, or °cc' trcattirers of the navy, or his or their refpetttive reprefentatives, "av« been^ and. which wetes charges on him ocjthem, incurred during the pa;d by the titse.of hiaof their, heingpaympfteror-paymaftersgeijettd of the faid late pay* fenssjor traiiimcnntrerfdremofxbe'in^cand ail feifc, re- maftfer*>or wards, gratuities). or .other: expchoea:atteading the carrying on,trea uror** so	'	and

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo primo GEopGirW. c. 49.	[1781.

and the full completion pf, their refpeltive accounts, and obtaining their S^uietus. '

C A P. XLIX; ^

An forprnmting certain abufes and profanations on tbs Loris day* called Sunday..

Frenabftj	TT7HERE AS certain boufes, rooms, or places, within the cities

T	W 0/Leri don or Weftminfter, or ik the neighbour hood Short-

of, hdpeyf hie frequently been opened for pubHck entertainment or ., amufement upon the evening of the Lords day, commonly called Son-^ day ; and at other houfei, roofns,or places, within the faid cities, or 1	]in the neighbourhood thereof. Under pretence of enquiring into reiigi-

,	: ous doSffines, and explaining texts of holy feripture, debates have fre-

quently been held on the evening of the Lords day,• concerning divers texts. of holy feripture, by perfons unlearned and incompetent to explain the fame, tb the corruption of good morals ', aftd to* t he great eneour-. u agiment of trreUgion and profanenefs; be It enmfted by the- Kihg’s moft exfcdlenf majefty, by and with the adfiteand confent of fh# lords fpirituai and temporal, and commdns, in this prtfott From the a paffiamdfit aflembled, and bv the authority of the fame, That, parting of this from and" after the palling of this prefent a<ft, arty houfe, room, houfe^c or ot^ief plaC€> which (hall be opened or ufed for publick eriter-opened for tainment dr amufement, or for pubHckly debating on any fub-publick a- jedt whatsoever, upon any part of the Lord's day called Sunday, mu feme nt or and to whith perfons (hall be admitted by the payment of mo-funday to a or*by tickets fold for money, (hall be deemed a diforderly which perfons hOufe or place; and the keeper of fuch houfe, room, or place, (hall be ad- (hall forfeit the funrof two hundred pounds for every day tfat mitted by pay- fuch houfe, room, or place, (hall be opened or ufed as aforefaid nev^ciSail on t*lc L°^,s day, to fuch perfon as will ftifcforthe fame, and be.deemed a otherwife punifhable as the law direds in cafcr of diforderly diforderly houfes: and the perfon managing or conducing fuch entertain-hou(e;and the ment or amufement on the Lord’s day, or a&ing as matter of the ttSfforfiS*0* ceremonies there, or as moderator, prefidenr, or chairman, of *ool. for	any fuch meeting for publick debate on the Lord's day, (hall

every Sun-	likewife, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred

d*y the fame	pounds to fuch perfon as will fue for the fame; arid every door-

asafortfaid	deeper, fervant, or other perfon, who (hall colledt or receive

Penalty on moncy or tickets from perfons aflembling at fuch houfe, room, the prefident, or place, on the Lord's day, or who (hall deliver out tickets for &c.	admitting perfons to fuch houfe, room or place, on the Lord’s

Door keepers, day, (hall alfo forfeit the fum of fifty pounds to fuch perfon N andfervants. fue for the fame.

The perfon II. And whereas, by reafon of the many fubtle and crafty eontri-who alts as vances of perfons keeping fuch boufes, rooms, or places as aforefaid, it matter or mif- mQy 0jten fo difficult to prove who is the real owner or keeper there-fuch houfe ^ of; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That any perfon (hall be deem- who (hall at any time hereafter appear, a St, or behave him or ed the owner herfelf as matter or miftrefs, or as the perfon having the cate, thereof.* government, or mfuugemem ofapy fuch houfc, rooms pr place

Digitized by booQle

1781.) Anno vicefimo primo G'aoRGil tit. c.40.

as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and taken to be the keeper thereof* and (hall be liable to be Cued or profeouted, and’ punched as fuch, notwithdanding he or (he be not in faft the real owner or keeper thereof: And wherever any fuch houfe, roam, or • place, (hall belong to or be kept by divers perfons in partner- are jo}nti> thip, as joint-owners or joint-keepers thereof, each and every owners, each,, fuch joint-owner or joint-keeper of fuch houfe, room, or place, of them (halt (hall be deemed the keeper thereof, and (hall be liable to be *iabl't0 (bed or profecuted, and punifhed as fuph: and any hmife, P‘j®*cu n‘ room, or place, at which perfons (hall be fupplied with tea, refrertt-coffee, or any other refrelhments of eating or drinking on racotsare fold the Lord’s day, at any greater prices than the common and ufiial at.greater prices at which the like refrelhments are commonly, fold Prjce* 0l> upon other days at fitch, houfe, room, or. place, or at coffee	jiftirr

bouies, or other houfes where the fame are ufually fold, (hall , be deemed a houfe, room, or place, towhich perfohs litre admitted by the payment of money, although money be not. there taken in the name of or for admittance, or at the time when perfons enter into or depart from fuch houfe, room,, or placet and any houfe, room, or place, which (hall be opened or ufed and fuch as for any publick entertainment or amufement, or for publick (hall be open-debate, on the Lord’s day, at the expence of any number of fub- P°“* (bribers or contributors to the carrying on any fuch entertainment JJ* fu*d* ’ or amufement, or debate, on the Lora’s day, and to which per- by fubfcnpti-fods (hall be admitted by tickets, to which the fubfcribers' or on. See. (hall contributors (hall be indued, (hall be deemed a houfe, room, or K*H*2? place to which perfons are admitted by the payment of mo- inflifted b***-ney, within the meaning of this aft.	this aft.

III.	And, for the better preventing perfons aflembling on the Penalty on ' Lord's day for fuch irreligious purposes as aforelaid, be it fur- adsertifing ther enafted by the authority aforefaid, That any perfon adver- ?."£ tiling, or caufing to be advertifed, any publick entertainment or ^ent for Sun-amufement, or any publick meeting for debadng on any fubjeft day, and on whatfoever, on the Lord’s day, to which perfons are to be ad- printing fuch mitted by the payment of money, or by tickets fold for money, advertuement. and any perfon printing or publilhing any fuch advertifemenr,

(ball refpeftively forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence, to any perfon who will fue for the fame.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Penalties how That any perfon intitled to either of the aforefaid forfeitures, to be reco-may fue for the fame by aftion of debt in any of. his Ma- vered. jetty’s courts of record at Weftminjler, in which it (hall be fuf-

ficient to declare that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the fum of	[being	the	fum	demanded	by	the

the faid aftion] being forfeited by an aft made in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his majetty King George the third, intituled,	An all for preventing certain	abufe and profanations on the

Lor As dap, called Sunday: and the plaintiff, if be recover in any fuch aftion, (hall have his full cods.

V.	Provided, That no aftion (hall be brought for either of Aftioni to be

the brought within months.

Digitized by LjOOQie

304	Anno	vicefimtf	prime	Oeorgii	111-	c.	$o.	[1781.

the faid penalties by this ad impofed, unlefs the fam^ be brought widiiri fix calendar months next after the offence committed. Perfons fued VJL Provided alfo, That if any a&ion or fuit (hall be brought oftt£CadIOn a8aw* anY pcrfon for any thing done in purfoance and in exe-may plead’the cxitiofr^f this ad, the defendant may plead the general iflue; general iflue, and if a verdtid pafs for the defendant, or the plaintiff difcond-and recover nuc bisorher a&ion, or be nonfuited, or judgement be given treble coils* agwtft the plaintiff, then fuch defendant (hall have treble cods.

' VII. Provided alfo* That the ecclefiaftic^Ljurifdtdion^ithm todf&thc ^ealm (hall not by this, ad be altered or abridged ;bgtthit ecclefiaftical the ecctefiaftical courts may punifh the fard offences, as, if this jurifdidion $ ad had not been made.	/

nor the tolera* VIII. Provided alfo, That nothing in this ad contained fhaB t&pa&of * be conftrued to extend to take awayy raiherv or abridge,, suty of x Gul. ^ Mar. the liberties or immunities to which the.protcftant fufcye&sof this kingdom are intitlcd,.by an ad made,in the firft year of the reign of King WMtJn and Queen Mterp, intituled, An aQ farexempting tb$ir Majej&ssprotejlantjiijelis^ dijfenting from tbt church of England, from tbs penalties offrrtain<latus.

*"	' '	’	"	1	.1	.	•	.	•	*	.

;.\i. ‘ c a p.	\i .■

An aft fir further regulatit^ arid' after tainitfg, the importation end exportation of corn and grain, within feveral ports and pious . therein mentioned.

Preamble.	TX7 H E R E A 5, bp art aH made in the firftyear of the reign of

VV King James the Second, intituled, • An additional ad for the improvement of Tillage, provifidri-vdas made for examining and 1	%	*	determining	the	common market prices afEriglim earn and gram,

in the manner, and at the'times, and to and fit the intent, end, and furpofes, thereby directed and'provided : and wbfreas, by an alt mode in the fifth year of the reign of his late mafefty King George the Se-A3iGfo.*> cond, intituled. An ad* for amending and makirtg more effedual an ad made in the firft year of the reigti of King James the Second, intituled. An additional alt for the improvement of tillage, tbe fold provifion is declared to have been found ineffeflual; and fir the better afeertaining the common prices of middling Engl i (h com and grain, and for other purpofes in the faid recited alt mentioned, it is thereby enabled. That, from and after the firjl day of June, one tbou-find Jieven hundred ana thirty-two, it Jhall and may be lawful for all and every thejufticesof the peace for the feveral and refpeltive counties within that part of Gre^f Britain called England, Wales, and tbe town ^Berwick upon Tweed, wherein foreign corn or grain Jhall and may be imported, and they are thereby enjoined and required, at every their quarter fejftons, to give in charge in open cohrt to the grand jury then and there ajfembled, to make preferment and enquiry, upon their oaths, of the common market prices of middling Englilh corn and grain, as the fame Jhall be commonly bought and fold in every Jueb county ; which preferment and enquiry the faid^grand jury are there-

Digitized by Google

f 78 i.j Anno vicefimo prlmo GeorGH III. c. 50.	305

impowered and required to make;	1/ is thereby further provide

tdy That nothing therein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to ex-tend) to prejudice or ajfcQ tie authority given by the /aid aft, made in the fir ft year of the reign of King James the Second, to the mayor, aldermen, tf/wjuftices of the peace of the city of London: and where-as, by an aft made in the Jixth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefly, intituled, An ad for explaining and amending fo much of Ad 6 Geo. 3. an ad, made in the firft year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled. An additional aft for the improvement of tillage, as relates to the city of London, the power theretofore given to the mayor, aldermen, and the juftices of the peace for the faid city, for examining and determining the common prices of middling Englifli torn and grain, in the months of Odober, and April yearly, is further extended, and required alfo to be performed in the months of January and July yearly : and whereas the feveral powers, provifi-ens, and regulations, in and by the faid above-recited afts: declared and enafted, in order to afeertain the common market prices of middling ,

Englifh corn and grain, are found by experience to be inadequate to. the Jalutary ends thereby intended: and whereas it would be greatly conducive thereto, that the common prices ^Englifh wheats rye, peafe, beans, barley, malt, beer,	oatsfjbould in future be aj<certain*

ed by other ways and means within the city of London, and that the common prices of the faid feveral forts of Englifli corn or grain, {for the purpofe of regulating the duties payable and to be paid upon the importation offoreign corn and grain of the faid feveral forts refpec-tively, as in and by an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, intituled. An ad to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, are dlrefted,) as well within the faid city and the port thereof, as within or at the feveral towns, ports, and places within the counties of Effex and Kent, wherein foreign torn or grain of the faid feveral forts refpeftively may or Jhall by imported, fbould at all times be made to depend upon and be regulated by the prices of the faid feveral forts 0/Englifh com and grain refpeftively, as the fame Jball or may be afcertained within the faid city : may it there-* fore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it So much of enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the the recited advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com- jS^deter-mons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the autho- mining the* rityofthe fame, That fo much of the faid recited ads, or any common other ad or ads relative thereto, as refpeds the methods to be prices of purfued in the counties of Kent and Effex, and alfo in the city of London, in order to enquire into and determine the common wheat, 8cc. in market prices of middling Englifh wheat, rye, peafe, beans, bar* Kent, Effex, leu, malt, beer, bigg, and oats, (hall be, and 'are hereby re- an<* London, pealed.	repealed.

II. And be it further enaded, That the common prices of c<?mmo" Englifh corn or grain of the faid feveral forts refpedively, as well {^£0^,1 Within the faid city of London and port thereof, as at or in the feve- the ports of J?I towns, places, and ports, within the counties of Kent and Effex London, aforefaid, wherein foreign corn or grain of the faid feveral forts Kent, refpedively (hall or may be imported^ (hall and may, for the g^^ted bytbe

purpofe5	*

Digitized by

Google

v

306	Anno vlcefimo primo Georgii lit. c. 50. f x781]

prices to be ptorpofe of regulating the duties payable and to be paid on the ascertained in importation thereof, hereafter be made to depend upon, and be the city of regulated by, the prices of the faid feveral forts of Engli/h com London. pr grain refpe&ively, as the fame (hall be afeertained within the city of London* by the provifioris herein-after contained in this adt, and not otherwife; any law, (latute, or ufage, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

Preamble $ III. And whereas by an aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reciting an aft reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aeft to explain lb much o 14 Geo. 3. 0f an made in ihe lad feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, as relates to the method of afeertainine; the prices of corn and grain exported, it is thereby enafted, That, from and after the firjl day of June, one thou/and feven hundred and feventy- four, the prices of corn and grain exported from this kingdom/ball be regulated and governed by the average prices at which fuch corn or grain /ball be refpeftively fold in the pubUck market at or nearefl to the port or place from whence ' fuch corn of grain /ball be intended to be exported, on the iajl market day preceding the /hipping of fieeb corn or grain, and the refpeftivt bounties, granted by the fata aft, made in the thirteenth year of the feign of bis prefent Majejly, /bail, in like manner, be paid and allowed according to fuch average prices: and whereas great Inconveniences have an fen from the refiriftion in the faid aft, made in the thirteenth year of bis prefent Majejly, to taking the average prices from the lajl market day preceding the /hipping of fuch corn and grain intended to be exportedi therefore be it, and it is hereby enadted and declared, Part of 13 That fo much of the aforefaid adt as redrains the talcing the Geo. 3. re- average prices from the Jaft market day preceding the (hipping pealed. cf fuch corn and grain intended to be exported, within the counties of Kent and EJfex, and in the city of London, (hall be repealed.

From Dec. *7, IV. And whereas no provifion or rule is thereby, or by any other 1781, the in- law now in force, ejlabli/hed, by means whereof the faid average fpe&or of re- prices, for the purpofes thereby intended, may or can be afeertained; tore{^ive°r11 an* ** ** necejfa/y% ^at fome provifion or rule Jbould be eflablijbei, from the fac- tend the time limited by the Jaid aft for taking the average prices ton in the Jbould be further extended: be it therefore further enadted, That, corn exchange from and afler the twenty- feventh day of December, one thou-count(figned) kn<* ^cvcn hundred and eighty-one, the perfon who (hall be, of thectfn 'and is by virtue of, and under the powers of this adt, appoint-fold by them; ed to execute the office or employment of infpedlor of the returns of corn, in manner herein-after mentioned, (hall and may demand, take, and receive, of and from each and every corn-fadlor, dealing by commiflion in the fale of corn or grain, from his feat or (land within a certain fabrick or building, commonly known by the appellation of The Corn Exchange, (ituate and being in Mark-lane, within the faid city, a true weekly account or return (which faid account or return (hall be thenceforth weekly demanded, taken, and received within the fpace of three, days from and after the expiration of each and every week) of the feveral quantities of corn or grain of the refpedlive forts before

Digitized by t^ooQle

178i.] Anno vicefimo prlmo Geo^oii III. c. 50.	307

fore mentioned (each feveral quantity and fort thereof being diftin&Iy marked and clalTed) by him bona fide fold and delivered as aforefaid in and during fuch week; in which faid weekly containing account or return (hall be inferted, and clearly and diftin&ly marked, as well the price for which each feveral quantity of pQ^hafers!* com or grain, of the feveral and refpe&ive forts before mentioned, fhall have been by the faid perfon fo dealing as aforefaid bona fide fold and delivered during fuch week, as alfo the real name or names of the purchaser or purchafers thereof; and which faid weekly return (hall be figned or attefted by and with the name of each corn-fa&or delivering the fame, or by and with the name of the perfon ufually employed by him : and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid infpeftor of corn re- jnfoeftor fo turns, thereupon, and he is hereby enjoined and required, with* compute the in three days thereafter, from the feveral and feparate weekly aggregate returns fo by him demanded, taken, and received, to make <luant,ty of up and compute, and properly diftinguifh the aggregate quantity of each refpedbve fort of corn or grain in the faicl feve- f^erage^iicc* rai and feparate weekly returns contained; and alfo make up thereof; and compute the prices at or for which fuch aggregate quantity of each refpedive fort of corn or grain, as therein dated, hath been bona fide, during fuch week, fold and delivered; and alfo snake up, form, and compute therefrom the average pi ices of each refpedtive fort of corn or grain during fuch week bona fide fold and delivered ; the fum or amount of which aggregate quantities, and prices, and alfo the average prices fo formed, made up, and computed, (hall be fairly and diftindtly written in a book, to be by him prepared and kept for that purpofe: and it (hall amj t0 puj,. and may be lawful to and for the faid infp&3or of corn returns, lirh a tranf-and he is hereby required to caufe to be publifhed, once in criPr of (uct1 every week, a tranfeript of the fum or amount of fuch aggregate quantities and prices, and alfo the average prices thereof, in the zette weekly § London Gazette; which average prices, fo publifhed, fhall be which fall be taken and deemed to be, and to have been, the real average deemed to prices of each fort of corn or grain therein refpe&ively menti- have been the oned, in and during the week to which the faid average prices a**rage. rJn fhall refer, as well in the publick markets of the towns, places, c^h^rrj'lc^ and ports, within the counties of Kent and EJfex, as in the city rive week, in of London and port thereof, whence the faid corn or grain may Kent. Eifcx, be exported, and whereby the bounties payable and to be paid *nti by law on fuch refpe&ive forts of corn or grain exported (hall henceforth, within the counties of Kent and EJfix, and the city of London and port thereof, be governed and regulated.

V. And be it further ena<5\ed. That it (hall and may be law- secretary of ful to and for the perfon, who for the time being (hall or may the com ex-a6i in the ofike or employment of fecretary or clerk at the corn changetodc* exchange, and he is hereby required, upon or at the requifition of the laid infoedtor of corn returns, to deliver to him in writ- when retiring the name and names of each and every corn-factor, dealings, thr inmr* by cotmnilSon in the fale of corn or grain, from his feat or (land and places of in the faid market, and alfo his place of abode, if tht Anne (lull Vol. XXXIII.	Y	bo

abode of all corn fattors belonging to the faid market.

ilty negle6t thereof.

Anno vicefimo prtmo Georgii III. c. 50*	£178**

fce to him known, and is alfo demanded; and upon refufaf thereof, or wilful delay or negligence therein, and complaint made upon oath before the lord mayor for rhe time being, or one of the aldermen of the faid city, the faid fedretary or clerk JjhaN beforthwkb fommoned to appear and anfwer touching the matter of the faid complaint; and in cafe he (hall not obey fucb fummons, or on the hearing of the matter of the faid complaint, fhafl be adjudged guilty thereof, it (hall be lawful to and for the faid lord mayor for the time beki^, or one of the aldermen of the faid city, before whom the faid matter of complaint is fo heard and determined, to fine the faid fecretary or clerk fo offending, and adjudged guilty thereof, m a fum not exceeding twenty ihrllings, nor tefs than ten (hillings, for every fbch offence ; which tine is hereby direded to be paid to and for the ufe of the (aid infpe&or of com returns fo complaining as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That the fard infpe&or of com

in&rt a lift of returns (hall provide and prepare a book, wherein he (bail nv-the names and fcrt, or caufe to be inferred, a lift of the name and names pf SsS..	every corn-fa<5tor, dealing by commiflion in the fale

laid corn- C ^ corn or Brarn» from his feat or ftand in the corn exchange as aforefaid, and alfo his and their refpedive place or places of abode (fuch faid lift to be from time to time corrc&ed, contracted, or enlarged, as occafion (halt require, ) which faid book (hall be kept in his cuftody, and fhall and may be produced at fuch time and times, and for fuch purposes, as are hertinr after direfted by tbis a&.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid feparate and feveral weekly returns, fo by him demanded, taken, and received as aforefaid, (hall, from tkne to time, be by him carefully filed and arranged, and depofited in the office or apartment to the faid infpedlor of com returns belonging, hereafter to be provided by this a6l; which faid feveral and feparate weekly returns, or fo many thereof asf (hall or may be nccefiary and are required, may and (hall be taken therefrom, and produced by the faid infpedor of corn returns at the time and time9, and to and for the purpofes and occafions herein-after dire&ed, and none other, and (hall, after fuch produdion, be by him again received and filed; and no perfon, except as above excepted, and fave and except the corn-fa&or who (htH have delivered fuch weekly return or returns, (hall be permitted to refort to and infpedt the fame.

Row to pro- VIII. Provided nevertheless. That in cafe any perfon or per-ceed in caie fons fhall, within the fpace of one month after the delivery of any wc*kly any fuch weekly return, fufpeft the fame to be either in the w^°*e or	Part fraudulent* it (hall and may be lawful to and

be fraudulent. f°r the perfon or perfons fo fufpefhng any fuch return to be ^either in the whole or in part fraudulent, to fpecify, and to' ^ftate in writing to the faid infpe&or of corn returns, whole return and in what week made, and wherein, and whether in the whole or in part, he or they fufpeft the fame to be fraudulent * a	*	whereupon

Jnfjpe&or to

factors in a book.

Tbe weekly returns taken by the in-ipedlor, (hall be filed, and depofited in bis office.

Digitized by Google



1781.] Anna vicefiirtO prittta GfcoRpll UK c. $a. whereupon the faki in/pe&orof corn returns is hereby enjoined and required, by reference had to fuch weekly return, the fame either in the whole or in part, as may be otceflary, to trapferibe or copy, anchto deliver fuch tranfeript or copy, figned with his name, to the perfon or perfons making fuch fpecificatfon vs aforefaid, from the faid perfon or perfons receiving, upon or before the delivery thereof, the fum of one penny for each and every word therein contained, to and for. bis own ufe and benefit.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the. authority a&mefaid, Penaltypn That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid perfon or corn ta&oi* perfons receiving fuch tranfeript or copy, at any the quarter fefr delivering, ir fiona holden for the city of London that lhall nqxt enfue the rtf turns.U ceipt or delivery thereof, to exhibit one or. more information or informations before the lord mayor, aldenpcn, and juftices then

and there aifembled (whpare hereby authorized and imppwerr ed to hear and determine the fame) agarnft any corn dealer who (hall have delivered in to the infpe&or of com returns any fuch weekly return, ip the whole or in part fufpe&ed to be fraudu* lent; and if the corn dealer, againft whom fuch information (hah have been exhibited, be convicted pf the offence, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes,

(which oath or oaths'the faid lord mayor, aldermen* and jitfti-ees pf the peace, are hereby authori fed to adminifter*) or by hi? own confeffion, then and in fuch cafe the party fo> convufied (hall immediately upon fuch conviction; pay to the informer or informers any fum orTurns of money not cxceeding ten pounds, nor left than five pounds, for the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons wbo (ball have exhibited fuch information as aforefoid.

X.	And be it further enadted, That the (aid infpo^or of com hifpTWfo

returns (hall and may make up, compute, and diftinguifh, and con,Put« he is hereby required, from and upon the whole number of the qufnrftyof find Several weekly accounts of the weekly aggregate quantities each fort of of each refpedtive fort of corn of gain by him fo made up, com- grain, and the pared, and diftinguifhed, and olfo of the prices and average pri-	pncc#

ces thereof, refoedtively, that (hall have been fo made op, com-*	^

puted, and diftir.guilhed, from the firft weekly accounts or re- fold previous turns by him from each and every corn-fadtor, dealing.by-com- to the jeflions miffion in the fale of corn or grain as aforefaid, taken and rc-

ceived, to thofe inclufively which (hall have been by him fo	**

nude up, computed, and diftinguifhed, to the end of the larft en- from iclfionto tire week that (hall immediately precede the feflions to be hold- (tflipn. en for the city of London for the month of jIpril, one tbaufand (even hundred and eighty-two ; and fo thenceforward from timer to time, fetlion to fcfiion, as herein-after direded, in like manner fo make up, form, compute, and properly diftinguifh, {and the fame being made up, formed, computed, and diftin-gutfhed, fairly to tranferibe or infert into a book by him to be ^0unt*he flwl! provided and prepared for that purpofe) tlve general aggreg^traidcr.be ^to quantity of each refpetftive fort of corn or grain that (hail appear a book * to have been bonn fide fold *nd delivered, in and during the

Y 2	whole

Google*

3 IP

Anno riceflmo primo Georgn 111. c. 50k	£1781#

whole number of fuch feveral weeks, and alfo the prices and average prices thereof refpedively. and deliver,on	XI. And be it hereby further enaded, That on the firft day

r^e ^e®ons t^ial	Golden	for	the faid city of London in

fcfllon*, (and r^e mont^ of Aprils one thoufaod fevcn hundred and eighty-aftervrardi on two, and thenceforward on tire firft day of every feflions that the firft day (hall hereafter be holden for the faid city in the months of Jetty* ?ffi qi*T"	Jdnuary* and Aprils yearly, in open court, to the lord

tnope^court may°r> aldermen,and iuftices of the peace for the faid city, then to the lord * ana there aflembled, the faid infpe&or of corn returits (hall pre-mayor and fent and deliver the faid book (the fame to him being afterwards afcfctmea, redelivered) into which the faid ftates or accounts of the general aggregate quantities of corn or grain, of the refpe&ive forts therein mentioned, the prices and average prioes thereof, have been fairly and properly inferted or transcribed ; and upon fuch prefentment and delivery verify upon oath (which oath the faid lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices of the peace, then and there affembled, or any one of them, is hereby authorifed to ad-minifter) that the fame are fairly, corre£tly,and properly made up, formed, and computed, to the beft of his power, (kill, and judgement, and according, fo far as in him lies, to the true intent and tenor of this ad.	1

Such general average prices (hall be deemed to have been the prices of middling Englifli com in Kent, Eflex, and London;

and (hall be publiftied in the London Gazette,

and certified to the chief officer of the cuftoms in the port of London, See.

Doties on importation of ioicign grain

XII. And be it further enaded, That the general average prices of each refpedive fort of corn or grain, fo thereby form-* ed, computed, and diftinguifbed, oh the whole number of fuch feveral weekly ftates or returns of average prices, fhall be taken and deemed to be, and to have been, the common prices of middling Englijb corn or grain, of the refpedive forts therein mentioned, in and during the time to which the faid general average prices fhall refer, as well within the feveral ports, towns, and places, in the counties of Kent and EJftx, as within the city of London and port thereof, wherein foreign corn or grain of the faid refpedtive forts may be imported; and which (aid general average prices it (hall be lawful to and for the faid lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices of the peace of the faid city, and they are hereby required, to caufe to be publifhed in the London Gazette9 once in four fevenl weeks immediately fucceeding fuch feffi-ons refpedively, the expence of which publication (hall and may be paid out of any the monies in tlve hands of the faid in-fpedor of corn by virtue of this ad; and alfo to certify the fame unto his Majefty’s chief officer and coiledor of the cuftoms for the time being, for the port of the faid city of Londm\ who (hall thereupon tranfmit a copy or copies thereof to the feveral chief officers and colledors of the cuftoms for the time being, redding, in the feveral ports, towns, or places, in the fold counties of Kent and EJJex> wherein foreign corn or grain, of the faid refpedive forts, fo certified, may be imported; and which faid certificate, copy and copies thereof, (hall be hung up flpfome publick place in the cuftom-houfes thereto belonging, to which all perfons may refort for their information 5 and according to which general average prices fo publifhed in the Gd

. zette>

Digitized byCjOO^IC

1781.] Anno vicefimo primoGEoRGii III. C.50.	311

z&tte, and fo certified a$ aforefaid, (hall be collected and paid to be regular the duties and cuftoms payable and to be paid on the import*- *d by the (aid tion of foreign corn or grain, of the fevecai forts therein menu-oned, into the feveral ports, towns, and places, within the*prl #* counties of Kent and EJfeic, and into thecity of	and	port

thereof, wherein the fame may or {haft be Imported, and by. none other rule, fcgulation, or provifion.; any thing herein, or in any other law or ftatute, to the contrary notwithftanding.. .

XIII.	And, in order that the laid feveral and Separate weekly returns hereby required to be made; by and from each and every corn-fa&or dealing by commiflion in the fale of corn or grain as aforefaid, may be made with lefs fufpicion of fraud: it is hereby further enadted. That it (hall and may be lawful for ?°I *** *l,“ the faid mfpe&or of returns, on the firft day of each and every c^d inwlc^ of the faid feffions as aforefaid, and he is hereby required,to pre- to prevent lent to the lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices of peace, .then fraudulent and there aflembled, the books wherein (hall have been inferted returns, the lift of the name and names of each and every corn-fadtor, and his and their place and places of abode, as by this adl required ; and alfo fhall prefent the name of .each and every fa)ch corn-fador, written wi feveral and diftinot pieces of parchment or paper, being all, as near as may be, of equal fizc and bignefs j which pieces of parchment or paper fhall be delivered to the clerk or proper officer of the faid court, and fhaliby hint be rolled up, ail, as-near 26 may be, in the fame manner, and put together in a box or glafs to be provided for that purpofe? who (hall, in open courts the fame being %ft well (hahen*dralar out two of the faid parchments or;papers*:and the«perfoof whole names (hall be found written on rt be faid. patchhMmt^; or papers fo drawn, fhall befummoned perfqqally to appear #nj| certain day to be tfcen appointed, within; the faid feffibn, in.cafe the fame feflion foall continue to be holdcufor a lpngtf li&f than one day; but'tin cafe the faid feflioh (half be conduced " v 1 ;' within one day, then on the firft;dayarf the.next; cn&jng feffi- ’1 , ’ .	1

on; dn which day fo tappointed the dkidiwo. oomrfal(ftorefoa|l vorn-fe#di»‘:

Xar, aivd (hall feverally^erify ruponoath,;or; bdngqfvfel&Mfc returutoab^ n, (which oath orriaffirmation thd laid. Ibid mayor jfprr$h$ oatft. ‘1 time being, aldermen; andjuftices ef the pdace, ocjmyionfl:crf them, aWfcfttUs heteby ai^	rtoodmrmfttr

or reeeiriev) tlie feyertl atodfopacajewfeekly returns* m {fctoiwy of theth a* the faid jmbrt cfhall judgecpropfeiv:by ihjija;mtote and delivered as sffore&id^iioni which Sayfo appointed thft fpector of oorri returns fhall alfo atteiKL, dtsA^produce jfcefofftfal weekly returns by each bEibe. faid itw© dorutfajftors fev^JaHy;tPfl feparitefy made anddelrvdfod, and (hall ttamfe&r carefully 4*r pofit and 'refilethe fineia the fame plfcu»whe»dn they aitchf*- ,	;

ally depdfited and ffierL; and in cafeLithdifa'rd jtlvo cprurfafftofiS? Peqahy on ( or cither of them, fhall neglefS toobeyihe&idfomiPQns of rtie not obeying , faid court, or (hall refufe, being prefent, 'to.vfcrify his or thejr onhe^°rk; faid refpeflive weekly returns upon oafh, or, beingfquakers, by &c. affirmation thereof, and the faid lord mayor, aldermen* and j ui-

Y3 -	  *U*s

Digitized by

Google

3ii

proper perfon to be infpec-tors

Anno vkefimo primo GfioRGH III. c. 50.	[1781.

tices of the peace. Avail not be fatisfied with the reafon of fuch negtaft. or refufa] to verify the fa id refpe&ive weekly returns as afbrefaid, or any part diereof* it (hall and may be lawful for the fa id lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices of the peace, to fine the faid perfon or perfons fo in the cafe of riegledl to obey fuch fum-mons, or upon refusal to verify the faid weekly returns, oranj part, by oath or affirmation thereof, in a fum not exceeding fifty pounds, nor lefs than twenty-five pounds, one moiety of the faid fines to be applied to fuch ufe and purpofe as in the difcre-tion and judgement of the faid court (hall be thought proper, the other moiety thereof to the ufe and benefit of the faid in-fpedlor of corn returns.

XlVv And whereas in a certain ejlale, confijling of a certainfib-rid or building herein-before mentioned, commonly known and defended by the name or appellation of The Corn Exchange, fituate in Mark-lane, within the city 0/ London aforcfaids there ore fevered proprietor s^forne of whom being corn-fafters y dealing by commifftcn in the fale of corn and grain as afore faid, are intrujled with the manege* merit and direction thereof , and of all that does thereto appertain; be Proprietors of it hereby tnaded, That h (hall and may be lawful to and for the corn ex- the fold proprietors, or the m^or part of them, fo entrufted mcet^tocejther	the management- and dinedbn thereof as aforefaid, and

and appoint a	aro hereby:authorifed and empowered, within fix weeks

aftek th^pafling of this ddi, to meet together, and at fuch meeting to agree upon^-atid by writing under theit hands apd. feais nominate and appoint!, a fit and proper perfon to do and perform all ihaneffc and things through or by him required tQ be done and performed by virtue of any: the;powers, and regulations of this which perfon :fo nominated-arid appointed as afore-fcid* (tarty in fuch appointment* be filled Infptftor of corn nfans fori tit <tity of London ji ahd within one month after. &<ch tp-yoSrttincptt, afld acceptancerhereof, (hall deliver the (aid appoint-and deliver fcnbnij'rfcP mbd&'Pnder thd hands and feais of.thfr feSj pr$*

major ^artrbf them,: teethe Jprd maypr or onc a	of'the <aldermen' of- - the iaid city wbqnfhali^wVe jamb kpep,

^ mwWotyver at tbe>feflJoasrnext foitowiHjf ibereto^fuch: appoiotr jri^nxv^hefi'and thferb to bdiregificiTrf^Ttb prefertcididttri^iita tsoftc^crance'offuchjperfcto fo appointed xo thcTaid oSkfc; end ^Tforcwham flw faichihfpedbor of tomftturrtsAhH.ta3^an,«rti {which o«h the laid lord mxyor, orxny !one. of rhr phtamenof ithe (&d'city** :is hereby authorized to jadoritlifterj that bewifi, ;durtog the time of’his continuance inothe: faid office*, dUrgently, ifartftfhRy; and honfeftly Execute thelfauhe^a.ccrtificate pfjwhkti iptfrfl&n having tnkeh&ch oerlV as afdrefaid, Aall alfo be driver* acfhhe faitUiefliondj indlliien aiutttroieblfo be regifietel :^«ty be	p	and for dae £asd proprietors .pfQtfcc

major part-of dlehiy* thdre fo mefc or jafltmbled, andrbfeylne hereby required^ to agree, fix upon,..and.witlvin the fpacc of three months thcreufte®y difpofey,fiitnifh,7alui:<ompletc, odtj&f and from tire monies afifing or ifiaing from the fatd.eftat^, 'tad the fame* thereafter to keep in repair, k proper.xAd.convfni^it apartment or office, cither wfthin the faid building called The

Cr*

Digitized by Google

An ap.vt-mCnt tb he fiirnifhecr, in Or near the J C6M Exchange, for the ule ot the xnlpeftor.

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 50.	3*3

Cirn Exchange, or as near thereunto as may be, for the ufe and accommodation of the faid perfon for the time being; whereip all books, papers, and returns, by this alt required, (hall be carefully and fecurely filed or depofited, and in or over which (hall be written or printed, in fair and legible chandlers, Office etf Corn Returns.

XV.	Provided alfo. That when and as often as, in cafe of re- Ondeatb or moval by death or otherwife, or by refignation, of die faid in- rcfignationof fpe&or of corn returns, the faid office (hall become vacant, it ©"her toVe'1* fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid proprietors, or the appointed major part or them, within one month after fudi removal by within a •death or otherwife, or by refignation of the faid infpedor, to month* meet, agree upon, nominate, and appoint, a fit and proper perfon, under their hands and feals (except in the cafe herein-after mentioned) to execute the hid office; who, on delivering the

laid appointment, and taking fuch oath as aforefaid, (hall thereupon be enabled to execute the faid office, and entitled to receive the falary thereto annexed, in manner and form hereinafter mentioned.

XVI.	Provided alfo. That it (hall be lawful to and for the Proprietors, faid proprietors, or the major part of them, during any extreme

ficknefs of the faid infpe&or of corn returns, whereby he may be £*3, may ap-unablc, for the fpace of one week, to attend and execute the duties point a fub-of his faid office, either at the requeft of any corn-fa&or, or Ititutei other fubftantial perfon, in writing to them, or any of them,

£gnified, or without fuch requeft, by their own knowledge afeer-tained, to dired, and under their hands and feals nominate and appoint a fit and proper perfon to execute the faid office during fuch difability by ficknefs as aforefaid ; who (hall thereupon deliver the faid appointment to the lord mayor, or one of the aider-men of the faid city, and (hall before him make oath (which oath the faid lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen, is hereby authorized to adminifter) that he will faithfully, to the beft of his (kill and judgement,execute, during fuch difability by ficknefs as afore-faid, all the duties of the faid office of infpe&or of corn returns, and deliver all accounts, returns, books, or papers, to his care given or left, to the faid infpe&or of corn returns, when he (haM > be again able to execute the fame, or to fuch other perfon who J may be legally appointed to the (aid .office in his ftead; and .which faid appointment, and alfo a .certificate under the band which ap-of the lord mayor, or one of the aldermen of the f^id city, be- E°V]t.")cnt fore whom the faid oath (hall have been wade, of having taken ^Icdto the fuch oath, (haH, at the feffions next,enfuing thereto, be prefent- next (effions. ed to the faid court, and then and there recorded; whereupon the faid perfon fo appointed, and executing the duties of the	.	N

laid office, (hall and may demand and receive, forjils care and trouble in the execution thereof, of and from the faid inlpetftor of com returns, or out of ;the falary to the faid office hereby appropriated and given as here-after directed, fuch fum and Turns of money as the lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices of the .peace 4Xf the faid city (hall, by their order, under their hands and feajs,

Y4	direa

Anno vkcGmo primo Georgii lit, c. 50.	[	178 rI

direct and appoint; which order they are hereby impowered to make,

1 ne va of XVII. Provided alfo, That in cafe the faid proprietors, or proprietor*,0 the maj°r part of them, (hall negledt, for the fpaceof one week, the lord

3u

On 1

mayor may appoint foch kbftitute.

If proprietor* neglect to appoint an in-tpetf or, the lore} ipayor

after the difability of the faid infpe&or of corn returns to execute, through ficknefs, his faid office, has been fo fignified as aforefaid, or (hall have otherwise come to their knowledge, and fufficient proof thereof being given, to the fatisfa<5Vion of the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being, fo to nominate and appoint a fit and proper perfon as aforefaid, then it (hall and may be lawful for the lord mayor of the faid city to appoint a fit and proper perfon for the execution thereof, who Ihall, within three days thereafter, take fuch oath as aforefaid; and upon the certificate thereof, and the faid appointment, being delivered to and entered at the feffions next enfuing thereto, the faid perfon (hall be intitled to receive a compenfation for his care and trouble in the execution thereof, in like form, degree, and manner, as aforefaid.	-

XVJII. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the faid proprietors, or the major part of them, (hall refufe or neglect, within the time by this a6i required, to meet, agree upon, and eledl, and under their hands and feals and aldVrmen, nominate and appoint, a fit and proper perfon for the execution at the next of the faid office, it (hail and may be lawful to and for the (aid ftflfions, are to lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices of the peace, and they arc appoint one, hcreby impowered and required, that at the feffions that (hall next immediately happen after fuch negledl as aforefaid, or at an adjournment of the fame to be held for that purpofe within one week there-after, to cle<5t and appoint a proper perfon to execute the office of infpe&or of corn returns; whofe appointment (hall be then and there regiftered; and who (hall then, or as foon as thereafter may be, take fuch oath as is before directed, for the faithful execution of his faid office; a certificate of having taken which oath (hall alfo be then regiftered.

No infpe&or XIX. And be it hereby further enacted. That no perfon who to be removed (hall have been appointed as aforefaid to the faid office of in-trom his of- fpe&or of corn returns (fave and except the perfon or perfons ti^trifions. ^ aPP0,ntcd to execute the fame during fuch difability through ficknefs as aforefaid) (hall be therefrom removeable but upon complaint of milbehaviour in his faid office to the feffions made, and then and there heard and adjudged ; when and in which cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices of the peace, unlefs they (hall iee good caufe to the contrary, the faid perfon to remove from his faid In cafe of fuch office; and they (hall thereupon fignify fuch removal to the fe-rcmoval, how cretary or clerk of the corn exchange for the time being, in cafe the appointment of the infpe£or of corn returns be in the faid proprietors, or the major part of them, as aforefaid, in order to proceed to the election of fome other fit and proper perfQn in the room of the faid infpe&or of corn returns fo removed, and to yvhitfi election they (hall proceed, a$ in manner and form

before

a fucceHbr is to be appoint td.

Digitized by L,ooQle

i^8 !•] Anfcef vicefimo pritno Georgii III. c. 50.	315

before directed, "within one week after the fignification of fuch removal; but in cafe the faid proprietors, or the major part of them, (hall negledt fo to do, or in cafe the appointment of the faid infpedtor (hall be by the lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices of the peace of the faid city, then the faid lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices of peace (hall proceed to fuch re-appointment and re-eie6tion on feme convenient day within the faid fcflions, or at an adjournment of the fame to be held for that purpofe within one week thereafter.

XX. And it is hereby further enabled. That it (hall and may Corn*feanr* be lawful to and for the lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices of neglt&ing to the peace of the faid city, to enquire of and examine the faid in- deKver week-(pcdior of com returns, upon the delivery thereof, in open court lUromoned at any of the faid fcflions, whether any and what corn faftor or before the factors, dealing by commiffion in the fale of com and grain feffions. from his dr their feat or ftand as afbrefaid, has or have negle&ed or refufed to deliver (the fame having been from him or them demanded) fuch weekly returns of fale and delivery as are by this adt directed; and in cafe of any fuch negledl or refufal/the Penalty on faid perfon or perfons fo charged (hall forthwith be (ummoned fuch negte&# to appear on a certain day within the faid feffions, in cafe ^w^the the fame fcflions (hall continue to be holden for a longer time than one day; but in cafe the faid fcflions (hall be concluded within one day, then on the firft day of the next en-fuing feflion, to anfwer touching the fame; and in cafe it (hall then appear, to the fetisfa&ion of the faid court, that the perfon or perfons fo fummoned hath dr have refofcd or wilfully neglected to deliver fuch weekly return or returns, or in cafe the faid perfon or perfons fo fummoned (hall not appear, on proof of the fervice of the faid fummons being made, then, and in either cafe, the faid lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices of the peace,

Ihall fine the faid perfon or perfons fo offending, for every fuch ncgled* or rfefiifal, in a fum not more than ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds; one moiety thereof to be applied to fuch ufe and purpofe a? in the diferetion and judgement of the faid court ihall be thought fit; the other moiety thereof to the ufe and benefit of the laid infpedlor of corn returns; unlefs it (hall appear, to the fatisfadtion of the faid court, that the perfon or per-fona fo fummoned was or were by feme Sufficient caufe prevent^

Cd or hindered from appearing before the (aid court on the day whereon by fuch fummons be or they were required to appear. A duty of a XXL And in : order to compematd the faid infpedlor of halfpenny per corn mums for his trouble and pains in the faithful execution l*?i0n ™icori1 of his faid office; and in order to repay to the eftate, confiding the of a certain fabrick or building commonly known by the name mfpeftor; of The Corn Exchange in Mark lane, as aforefaid, all fuch monies thence ifluing and arifing as (hall have been or may be expended, by virtue of the powers in this adt contained, in providing, completing, and maintaining, or keeping in repair, a proper and convenient apartment, place, or office; for the ufe and accommodation of the faid infpedlor of corn returns, either within the faid corn exchange, or as contiguous thereunto as may bej and

fa

Digitized b'f

Google

jffiv	Anno	vicefimo	primo	Geo&gii IIL o* 50; [1781.

for tho further benefit and improvement of the faid eftate; be it hereby enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid infpedar of corn returns, or the perfon executing the faid office during any fucji disability by ficknefs as .aforefaid, to demand , colled, and receive* from each and cyery QQrn-fadof fo dealing as aforefaid, from time to time, the 1pm of one halfpenny ptr laft, and no more, on all corn atpi grain of there-fpedive forts before mentioned* which (hall appear in or by the faid feveral weekly returns to have been by him or them fo ban* f°ld and delivered; the grofs amount of which faid fom or flatter* and ^ms fo.collefled and received fhall, by the (aid infpe&or pf prefen ted to com returns, or perfon then executing the fajd office during any ttefcfltens, fuch difabijity as aforefaid, be twice in every year, that is to fay, twice a year. ^ the feffions holden in the months of Oflober and April yearly, for the city of London^ to the lord mayor* aldermen, and judices of the peace* then and there afiembled', in writing, Dated, and prefenred; and it (hall and may be, Jawful to and for the faid lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices of the peace, and .	,	they are hereby authorifed and required, under their, hands and

H*W the mo** feals, to permit and impower the laid infpe&or of corn returns, ncy fhaM be out 0f the faid fom and fums fo collefted and received, to retain ap^ied. and apply, to and for his own ufe and benefit, any fum not exceeding the rate of one hundred and twenty pounds per annum, nor lefs than one hundred.pounds $ from which faid fum (hall always be firft deduced fuch fum or fums as (hall by the faid ford mayor, aldermen, and iufticqs of the peace, be dire&ed and ordered (which order a*d direction they are hereby impowered $o make} to be paid to or retained byt any perfon or perfoos then executing, or who hath or have executed, the faid office during any fuch difability as aforefaid; and the refidue or overplus of the money and monies fo collected and received (hall be paid over, without delay, to fuch. the proprietors of the faid eftate of the corn exchange, who manage and regulate the fame as a-forefiiid, to and for the further benefit and improvement of the fold eftate, and in order to repay thereunto all fuch monies as may have been thenefrom iffued or expended in providing, com* pleting, and keeping in repair, fuch apartment, place or office; and the faid infpe#or of corn returns, or perfon executing fuch office as aforefaid, (hall, after fuch payment made, his heirs, ex<-ecutorfe adminiftrators, and fucceflors, be for ever difchargpd and exonerated therefrom* .	\

XaII. And be it further enafied. That it (hall apd maybe he duty°	to an^ ^ the (aid lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices of

Span their Y *he Peace* at any the feffions lioldeo in the months of April* weekly re- July* Oftober* and January yearly, for the hud city,"to inquire turns, it may into and examine, and the faid infpe&or of com returns or per-dtltreft d b/ *on then executing the laid office as aforefaid* is hereby required * *o declare and make known, whether any of Che faid oora-fap-tors, fo dealing as aforefaid, have negfotied or fefufed to pay or dheharge (the fame baying been demanded) aoy fura or fums of money from him or them due and owing, upon and from his or

their

Digitized by boodle

r Aryio yiqefimaprimOxQEORGii III. C.50..	317

their fevcral weekly returns of cQrp fey feim or them fo fold and delivered ; and Tn calc* it (hall to appear and be adjudged, then * by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the party f6 6f-fending (hall be levied (uch fum^nd fums of money as (hall be thereupon due "anfl Owing ; amHfrer rendering fhe^overplus (if any) to the party whofe goods (hall be fo diftrained and fold (the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale behig firft deducted}4he faid fum or fums fo levied (hall be paid dyer to, or retained by* the	--:

laid infpeclor of cofh returns, or perfon then executing the faid office as aforefaid, and (hall thereafter, as Toon as may be, be dated and applied* in the fame manner, and to and for the fame purpofes, as hereitl-before is declared and enabled of and concerning all fuch fum and fums of money as have by the faid infpe&or, or perfon executing fuch office as aforefaid, been before demanded and regularly collefled and received.

XXIII.	And be it further provided, That no perfon duly ap- infpe&ortq pointed to the office of infpedlor of corn returns for the city of give fecurity; London (fave and except fuch fieffon or perfons who (hall, during any fuch difability as aforefaid, execute the fame) (hall be

capable of holding the faid office, or be entitled to any compen-

fttion therefrom* imlefs, at the, feffions to- be feoMerifor th?

faid city next afcej fodv appointment, fee (half reader fo the lord

mayor, aldermen, and juftices* of the peace, then .andtbereaf- V

fetabled, goodrandArfficiettt fecurity* to be by them rthere and :

then approved , and ; accepted, in the amount of e-tfum not lefs

than two hundred pounds, nor morctjiait three hundred pounds*

for the faithful accounting and payriient of aU monies received

bt him by virtue, bf this atf.	■.	.

XXIV.	Amd he' it farther ensdbed, That all penalties and forfeitures by this a<ft impofed,,(hall ahd tnaybe^eyfed bydi- £ levied by* ftrefs and fate of the offender’s goods and chattels^ fey Warrant diftrefs. from the faid lord mayor, aldermeft, and juftices of: tta peace,

orwridet thebahd'and feat of the Jord mayor oraWertuan before whom;ttnjcofitader4ha^	at	the cafedhall be;

which warrant the faid lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices, or the faid lord mayor or ald^rmafti ate at*d is impowered to grant upon information of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles uport oath', #hlch oath the faid Jofd mayor, aldcrtnen* and ju-TO^,bfthe* ftidJbrd mayor oraklernun, are aud io hereby im-to a4mihMftr,'rehderfi^the overplus (if any be), after Wfc payment >oF the feid penalties-and forfeitures, When de-^anded,^ tl^pkrty or parties* whofe goods and chattels (hall be fo diftrained ; the charges of fuch diftrefs and fete btmgfirft thereout ^edu&cd.

: XXV„ And, for the more ?afyand fpt*dy convifthq of offenders Pgainjithh a&y be it enafled fey die autbority aforefaid, That How juftices die lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices of thq peace for the laid to proceed for city, or the lord mayor or alderman, as the cafe may be, before c2?v*?‘on whom any |*rfon or perfons, (ttydl be convided of any offence 0 cn cr,# sgainft (bis atf, (rull and .may cauie the convi&ion to be drawn

vp

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno vicefiipo prhno (jEORGii III C.51.	£1781.	1

up in the "following form of words,‘.or in any other form of words to the like effedl:	...

,	. -	. » J lAt . I> < I	'	*

FORM of .CONVICTION.

Form of coo- City of London* IDE it-rememtyred* That on the vi&ioa.	to wit. IXJ day of	in	the	year

.	.	of	his Majefly'ir reign, A. B. is conviiled before

‘ •	,	by	virtue of an

ail mode in the twenty-firft year of the reign of .his majefty King George the'[bird. For further regulating and afcercaining the importation and exportation of corn and grain, within federal ports and places therein mentioned.

» ■	[Specifying	the	offence, as the cafe (hall be].

Given under our hands, and feats, [or hand and fed,] the day and year firft above mentioned.

r Proceedings And that no objection fhaU: be made or advantage taken for •n* J®	want of form in any fuch convi&ion, by any perfon or perfons

want of form whomfoever* and that no proceeding to be bad touching the * conviction of any offender or offenders agaioft this alt (hall be quafhed or vacated for want of form, or be removeable by rrr/f-orari, or any other procefs whatfoever, into any one of bis Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Weftminfler.

Saving	XXVI. Provided always, and be it enadted, That nothing ia

cwporMkm of	a# cbftt*inecf(hall alter, leflen, or defeat, any power, privi-

)x)odon. lege, or franchtfe, which theinvlyor and Commonalty and citizens of the city of London have, dai«n, br enjoy, of appointing any market or markets for the.faie of .com arid grain within tbe faid city and liberties thereof, or could or might haVe had, tlaim^ ed, and enjoyed, at any time before the paffingjof . this aft*

1	■	C	-A"	P-	^	LL*	•	i	'

’	‘	*;r'	*r :	' .• 4- j

-Jin alt to explain an ail, pafftd in the third year */“ Geqr& tie Firft, intituled* An adt for explaining an{aCV, puffed in^be Uft femon of parliament, intituled, An a& fa ettigf' papjflf # regifier thdr names and real efiates, and for enlarging tty time of fitch regift ering* and for fecurmg purthfifesmadety proteftante* . v 4 ,	,	,	.	.	,

Preamble. 1X7 HERE AS by an at7, pajfed in the third ytat of the y\ reign of King George the Firjt, intituled, An a<ft fa Aft j Geo. i. explaining an att, pafled in the?Iaft ^feffion of parliament, recited. 1 intituled. An ail to oblige papiftr to regifter their names end real eft ales, andfor enlarging the time of fucb regiftering, and for fecurtng pur chafes made by' proteftants \ it is enafted, That, from end after the nine and twentieth day of September* in the year of tyx

Lord

\

Digitized by

Google

1781.] Anno vieefimo prin*> GfcORGit III* Cv $2.

Lord one thoufand /even hundred and fevinteen, no manors, lands, /r-nemcntty hereditaments,	aay interejl therein, dr rntf or .profit

thereout/ball pafs, j/r*r,	change, from any papijl, or perfon pro-

feffing the popijb religion, £7 tfwy dad or will, except fueh deed, with-in fix months after the date,	/irA tw//, xwlAia jfer months after

the death of the teflat or, be inr oiled, hone of the King's courts of record at Weftcninfter, ^ within the fame county or counties	-

wherein the manors, Arm/;,	tenements lie,	4? the cuftorrotulorutn, .-:

md two juftices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace of the fame ceunty or counties, *r /tw d/* them at the leaf, whereof the efirk of tie peace to be mu: And whereasr in the execution of the find recked aft, feveral deeds and wills have been inr oiled before the cuftos ro-tubrum, and two jujiices of the peace,, and the deputy.clerk, of the peace, or two of them, whereof the deputy clerk of the.peace has been otic, and fame doubts have arifeu updn the (aid aft, Southing the imoilmen ts of fuch deeds and wills, whither Juth deputy, ip the ab~ fence of bis principal, can or may lawfutiy.aft therein ; be it therefore cnadted by the lords fpirhual,and.temporal, and com* mons, in this prefent ^ parliament afiembled, and by the autho- Deputy clerk rity of the fame, That every deputy clerk of the peace (hall, °f *he from henceforth, have the like and as full power and autho- fame^wer in rity to adminifter oaths to parties and witnefles, of. the due exe- administering cution of deeds and wills, and: to inroll all deeds and wills oaths relating whatfoever, as the clerk of the peace may or can do in his to the executi-own proper perfon, under and by virtue of the faid recited, a<ft, ^.whit*’ or otherwife howfoever; and that all deeds and wills already principal, inrolled, and every Oath of the due execution thereof* a<Jq?ini-ftered by the cuftos rotulorum, and two juftices of the peace* and the deputy clerk of the peace, or aiW two of them, (fuch de-puty clerk of the peace being one), (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be, of the fame force, vigour, validity, and effeft, to all intents and purpofes* as if the feme deeds and wills had hcen inrolled, and as if fuch oaths had been adnuftr iftered by or before tbc clerk of the peace in his own proper perfon.	!

CAP. LIJ.

An oftfor continuing the encouragement end reward of perfons waking certain difcover its for finding the longitude at fea, or making other ufefuL difioveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto>.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the twentieth year of thrpceimbU^ reign ofbisprtfint Majefly, [intituled, An aft for conri- Recital of to noing the encouragement and reward of perfons making cer- Geo. sfc.6i. ♦ tain difeoveries.for finding the longitude at fea, ormaking<o-ther ufeful difeoveries and improvements in navigations:an4 for making experiments-relating thereto),r.the cmmtfjiobext for the itfieoery of. the longitude at fea were impowered, whenever they Jbould be jatisfied of the probability of any propofator propofols that fbsuld be made to them for difeovering the faid longitude, or moling any other ufeful difeovery and improvement in navigation, fi

Digitized by GoOglc

tfso	Ann6	viccflmo	primo Georgii III. a 51.	[1781.

CS to think it proper to caufe experiment to be made thereof to certify the fatne to the cmmiffioners of the navy; and alfo, in cafe they Jhoutd adjudge any perfon or perfons to have made any £}'• covery for fading the longitude at J'ea, which though not of fo greet ufe as foie intiiled to any of the great rewards fpedfiea in an aft fnade in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majtjhy, (in->4 Geo. 3, c. tituled An ad for the repeal of all former a&s concerning the longitude at (ea, except fo much thereof as rebates tathe appointment and authority of the eommUTumef;* thereby constituted) and alfo fuch clauleaas relate to the canftruSing, printing, publMhioe, vending,*, and Jiccnfing,of nautical almanacks, and other ufeful tables $ and for the mere effe&ual encouragement arid reward of fuch perfon and perfons (hail difcover a method for finding the fame,* or (hall tnakeuiefui difcoveries in navigation^ and for the bettor making experiments relating thereto) ; yet that the faid dfcavery was of confiderable ufe to tbt puNici, or to have made any ether dif covery or dijioveries, improvement or improvements, ufeful to. navigation, to certify ftub left re-ward,~orfiuht or fums of moneys as they the faid tommffioners for the dif covery of longitude JhouU think reafonaUe, tobe paid to Jucb perfon or perfons; and the commiffmers of the navy weft thereby authorized and required to shake out bills upon the treafurer of tbt navy for fuch fums fo certified, who was thereby autborifod to pay tbe fome immediately to fuels perfon or perfons 2 And whereas, by rea-fon of feverat payments made by the treafurer of the navy to Jtverti perfons, in purfuance of the directions of the faid firjl mentionti aft, the faid commiffiomrs for the difeovery of longitude have nearly expended the fum tfftue thyufand pounds, granted by the faid aft for the purfofet oforefhd: Atidwhereas tbt continuing the fond encouragement and rewards for the purpofos mentioned in the faid firfl mentioned aft, will contribute to the advantage of trade, and to the honour of this kingdom : May it therefore plcafe your Majcfty that it may be ena&ed ind be it cna&cd by the King’s moit excellent majefty, by and;with the advice and confeqt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-Commiflioncrs liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it of the navy, (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commifiioners for ?"db*in^rti* the.difcoVery of longitude, and they have hereby full power and commWfioner* authority1 Whenever they (hall be fatisfied of1 the probability of of longitude any pfdpofai or propofals that (hall be made to them for the of the proba- difeovering the faid longitude, or making any other ufeful dif-bility ofaov covery and improvement in navigation, fo as to think it proper 5ifcovering0r to caufe-experiments to be made thereof, to certify the fame to the longitude, the commiffioners of the navy ; and alfo in cafe they (had ad-&c.	judge any perfon or perfons to have made any difeovery for

finding* tlWriongitude-at fca, which," though of not fo great ufe as lo be inritled to any of, (be great rewards fpecified m the feid a& ©f*the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty, yet that the faid difcpvery is of .confiderable ufe to tine publick, or to have made" any uther difeovery or cKfcoveries^ improvement or improvement?, ufeful ur navigation, to certify fuch lefs reward, or

hap

Digitized by L,ooQle

178 i-l Anno viccHmo primo Georgii III. C.53.	3fZI

fom or fums of money, as they the< faid commiffioners for the difcovery of longitude (hall think reafonable to be paid to fuch perfon or perfons ; and the commifiioners of the navy are here- (ball orders by authorized and required to make out a bill or bills upon the reward to be treafurer of the navy for fuch fum or fums as (hall be fo certi- Pa^to th® fed to them by the faid commifiioners for the difcovery of Ion- fuebpropo-gitude; and the faid treafurer of the navy is hereby authorized ** " ■;* and required to pay immediately fuch film or fums, to the perfon or perfons who (hall be appointed by the faid commiflkm-ers for the difcovery of longitude to make fuch experiments, or to receive fuch lefs reward, or fum or fums of money, for mak-	'

mg lefler difeoveries for finding the longitude at Tea, or any other difcoveries and improvements ufeful to navigation, out of any monies which Audi be in his the (aid treafurerVhands unapplied to the ufc of the navy.

IL Provided always, and be itena&ed, That all fuch fum or Tfcfbn,* fums of money as (hall be paid by the treafurer of the navy, by be paid by virtue pf this afty for the purpofes of making fuch experiments virtue of thi» as aforefoid, and in rewarding wi a leflfcr degree lefler discoveries aft not to ex-for finding the longitude at fea, and alfo other difcoveries and cced 5,000 * improvements ufeful to navigation, do not all together exceed the fum of five thousand pounds.

HI. Provided alfo, That fuch fum or fum9 Shall be certified, T. _ and fuch bilk (hall be made out, and payment thereof made, in Jertffoa* feck manner, and under the fame regulations and previous, as and payment are in and by the faid ad of the fourteenth year of, his prefent made, agreea-Majefty prescribed, with regard to#the fum of five thoufend ble to the re-pounds, by the faid ad made applicable to the encouragement above remand reward of foch perfon or perfonsas fhould make lefier difoo- cited aft 14 veries for finding the longitude at fea, or make other ufeful dif- Geo. coveries and improvements in navigation, and to the better making of experiments relating thereto.

CAP. LIII.

An aft to render valid certain marriages, folemnized in certain 'churches and publick chapels in which banns had not ufually be*r\ fublijbed before or at the time of pajfing an aft, made in the twenty fixtb year of King George the Second, intituled) An aft for the better preventing of clandeftine marriages.

WHEREAS, ftnee the making of an aft, paffid in the ^

twenty fixtb year of the reign of his late mayfly king George Pr<am c* the Second, intituled, An aft for the better preventing of ckmdef- *6G«o. », tine marriages, divers churches and publick chapels have been erefted recked* and built within that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, which have been duly con/e-cratid, and divers marriages have been folemnized therein, but by rtafon that in fuch churches and chapels banns of matrimony bad not ufually been publi/htd before or at the time of pajfing the faid aft, fuch marriages have been deemed to be void \ may it therefore pleafo your Majefty that it may be cnafted; and be it enafted by the

King’s

Digitized by v^ooQie

322	Anno	viccfimo	primo	Georgii	III.	c.54.	[178t*

King's moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and corn-rent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, folemnizecP* That marriages already folemnized, or to be folemnized before Aug. j, before the firft day of AuguJI* one thoufand feven hundred and i7«i,in any * eighty-one, in any church or publick: chapel* in that part of church, See, Great Britain called England* IVales* and the town of Berwick er^^fince u^on ^Wie^ erc^e^ fince tbc making of the faid *61, and con-the making of fecrated, (hall be as good and valid in law as if fuch marriages the recited a&, had been folemnized in parilh churches or publick chapels hav-dedaredvalid. Jug chapelries annexed, and wherein banns had been ufually publi(hed before or at the time of palling the laid recited ad.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That whoSsdUo- Par^ons» vicars, minifters, and curates, who, before the tenth lemnize fuch day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, (hall marriages, in- have folemnized any of the mahriages which are hereby enaded damnified. to be valid in law, (hall be, and they ate hereby indemnified a.

gainft the penalties inflided by the faid recited ad upon perfons who (hall folemnize marriages in any other place than a church or publick chapel in which banns had been ufually poblilhed before or at the time of palling the faid recited ad.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, focSmwriaget That the regifters of marriages, folemnized or to be folemnized to be received in the faid churches or chapels, which are hereby enaded to be as evidence, valid in law, or copies thereof, (hall be received in all courts of

law and equity as evidence of fuch marriages, in the lame manner as regifters of roarrigges folemnized in parilh churches or publick chapels, in which banns were ufually publilhcd before or at the time of palling the faid recited ad, or copies thereof are received in evidence.

Regifters of marriages folemnized in chapels to be removed to the parilh church.

IV. And be it enaded by the authority aforelaid. That the regifters of all marriages, folemnized in any publick chapels which are hereby enaded to be valid in law, lhall, within twenty days next after the firft day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, be removed to the parilh church of the parilh in which fuch chapel (hall be fituated ; and in cafe fuch chapel (hall be fituated in an extraparochial place, then ro the parilh church next adjoining to fuch extraparochial place, to be kept with the marriage regifters of fuch parilh, and in like manner as marriage regifters are direded to be kept by the faid recited ad.

CAP. LIV.

An a& for the better regulating elections of citizens to ferve in parliament for the city of Coventry.

Preamble. Reciting that by the laft determination of the houfe of commons, the 10 th of November, 1722, the right ot ele&ion for the city of Coventry, declared to be in fuch freemen as have ferved feven years ap-prenticefhip, to one and the lame trade, in the laid city or luburlw, and do not receive alms or weekly chanty, fuch fret men being duly fworn and inrolled 1 and reciting frauds at the laft election, (in open council to be held at St. Mary's mil, on the firit and lalt Tuefday in every

Digitized by Google

.i^'O Ai?np ricefimo primo Georgii IIL c. 55.'

ry month. Limitation of the expence of taking up the freeborn. 39.eacfi1 -hefidei ^amp^uty. None to be admitted to their freedom, without pro-goring pvideftce of i*gular indentures or deeds of apprenticed p* for fe-. wn years, and decltfptoa oatf»the name, trade, and refidence, of his ma-. fter. during the rime he ferved and his own refidence, when claiming to be admitted, and may be attended by agents; the council authorized apd ‘ h^idrraVo adminiller the oath. Town clerk to enter the above particu--lirtirt^book. Lifts of. the names of all the freemen, Sec. admitted to ifepo&dpiuto: church doors, within twenty-four hours after the council . ackU Councils net to be be held after notice of an election, till the fame is finiflied. Electors to be fworn. The oath. viz.

' -trOtJ do fwear, That your name is A B. and that you have been ad-I mitred to the freedom of the city of Coventry under indentures, or . deeds of apprentice (hip j and that you have ferved feven years appren-t ticediip to one and the fame‘trade in. the faid city, or the luburbs thereof; and that ydii are of the age of twenty-one years, or upwards; and have not been polled before pt this eleftion.

.. v	So help you GOD.

Perfoy guilty of periury, liable to the laws sgainft perjury. Penalty on returning officer for admitting perfons to poll without being fworn, 1001, aifd 011 members of the council for refufing to admit perfons intitled to ftfcir freedom, tool; 1 Provifo, if doubts arife, the council may Hear evidence to dxtprore ike 'feme. Penalty on town clerk for making fraudulent qatri^s* Sec. so 1. This aft ltull extend only to freemen having right jty vote at elections for members. Eleftion booth to be erected in tne mdeft and molt convenient part Of the open market place called CroS-'thtaping, not contiguous to any other building. Penalties to be recovered with xofts by a&ton of debt, &c. in any court at Weftminfter. Limitation of anions one year. Publicly aft* Deeds or indentures of ap-pfenticefliip. Sec. (hall be regiftered by the town clerk in fix calendar months or void.

CAP. LV.

An aft for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon cocoa nuts in lieu thereof \ for the better and more effectual fecuring the revenue of excife, and of the inland duties under the management of the commi/foners of excife, and for preventing frauds therein ; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties impofed on malt; and for rectifying a miftake in an aft made in this prefent fejfion of parliament, with refpeft to the exempting of candles from the ad* ditional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excife impojid by the faid aft*

WHEREAS certain inland duties are impofed on all chocolate made in this kingdom, but no fuch duties are charged on the cocoa nuts from which fuch chocolate is made, whereby evil- minded perfons are encouraged to pur chafe large quantities of thefs nuts> who afterwards do privately make chocolate from the famey and vend the faid chocolate Jo maiey without any duty being charged thereony to the great injury of the revenue, and to the hurt of the fair trader; which fraud cannot fo effectually be prevented as by repealing the 'duties now chargeable upon chocolate, and by impofmg upon all cocoa Vol XXXIII.	*	•	Z : ‘ *	‘	nuts

323

Preamble.

V

324	Anno	vicefimo	primo	Georgix	III.	c.	55. [17V1;

' nuts an inland duty proportionate to the duty now to he repealed; be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and ten-f . pora], and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and 178ijthc m?* by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth land duties on day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, the chocolate to feveral inland duties now payable for chocolate made in Great ccaiei	Britain (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or paya-

except relat- ble; fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering any ing to reco- arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the faid du-veringanears, ties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which (hall have been in-curred upon, or at any time before, the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And, to the intent that no failure or deficiency may accrue or happen, by the determination of the faid duties on chocolate, in the refpeftive funds to which thofe duties were appropriated and applicable, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, in lieu thereof^ there (hall be anfwered and

----— paid t0 his Majefty, bis heirs and fuccefiors, for and upon all

©expound * cocoa nuts already imported, or which (hall hereafter be im-fhaii 1he paid ported, into this kingdom, (over and above all other duties al-for all cocoa ready payable for the fame at the cuftom-houfe), an inland du-nutsimported; ty after tjie rate 0f eiglueen-pence each pound weight avoirdu-pois, and in that proportion for a greater or letter quantity; idoftiona^du- fubjeft neverthelefs to the additional impoft of five pounds per

In lieu there-of, an additi onal inland

ty of 5 per cent, granted

centum,arid of five pounds per centum, in the fame manner, and under the fame regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds

by 19 Geo. 3, centum, and of five pounds per centum are granted to his Ma-

c. 25 i

and to 5 per cent, granted by 21 G

c. 17

>eo. 3,

Cocoa nuts, which, on July 5, i78r

jeftv by two feveral afts, the one made in the nineteenth* year of nis prefent Majcfty’s reign, (intituled, An aft for granting to his Majejly additional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the refpeftive commijf oners of the cujloms and excife in Great Britain) 5 the other made in this prefent fcf-fion of parliament, (intituled, An aft for granting to his Majejiy an additional duty upon the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the refpeftive commijftoners of excife in Great Britain).

III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all cocoa nuts, which on the faid fifth day of July, one ?h ill a d tbpufand feven hundred and eighty-one, (hall be lodged or fe-in^archoufes curet* *n any warehouse or warehouses, in purfuance of the di-purfuanttoan reftions of arf aft, made in the tenth year of the reign of his aft of 10 Geo. late majefty King George the Firft, (intituled, An aft for repealing 1, (hall	certain	duties therein mentioned payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa nuts,

the new duty, chocolate, and cocoa pajle imported, and for granting certain inlaki duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the importation of cboco-late ready made, and cocoa pa fie; and for better afeertaining the duties payable upon coffee, tea,, and cocoa nuts imported', and for granting relief to Robert Dalzell earl of Carnwath), (hall be and are hereby charged with the faid duty of eighteen-pence per pound, to b^paid by the proprietor or proprietors thereof.

IV. And

Digitized by L,ooQle

17R1.] Atmo vicilimo primd Gk6rgii HI. c. 55.	^5

IV,	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid*

Thfct all the cocoa nuts which any dealer in, or feller of, coffee,	t0	.

teayC&coa nuts, or chocolate, in Great Britain* (other th?n and except fuch perfon* who (hall make chocolate for their family 0n July 5, life, and not for fale, with refped only to their flock in hand), 178** or any perfon or perfons in truft for his, her, or their ufe, (hall, be pofleffed of, or jnterefted in, upon the (aid fifth day of July* one thoufand feyen hundred and eighty-one, (hall be, and are hereby charged with the faid duty of .eighteen-pence per pound weight; which faid duty for fuch cocoa nuts flock in hand,

(ball be paid by the perfon or perfons refpedively pofleffed of thefame.

V* And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Perfons pof- , all and every the faid dealers in, or fellers of, coffee, tea, cocoa fcffed of cocoa oats, or chocolate, and all and every other perfon and perfons whatfoever, who in truft for them, or for the ufe, benefir, or an account accent of them, or any or either of them, (hall have in his, thereof in her, or their cuftody or poffeffion, in any place whatfpever, up- wnj,nS w,th>n on the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and nextofficei* eighty-one any parcel or quantity of cocoa nuts, (hall on that excife. day, or within ten days next enfuing, give a true and particular account thereof in writing, at the next office of excife within the limits of which he or they (hall then refpedively inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch of-fence, and alfo the cocoa nuts of which no fuch account (hall have been given, which (hall and may be feized by any officer of excife; and within three calendar months after he, (he, or they (hall have given, or ought to have given, fuch account as [bree^montto, aforefaid, (hall pay down the duties hereby payable fqr fuch cocoa nuts, to the proper officer or officers for receiving the fame; and all and every fuch dealers in, or fellers of, coffee, tea, cocoa not*, or chocolate, who (hall refufeor negleft to make fuch payment for his, her, or their faid flock of cocoa nuts, within the time by this a<ft limited for that purpofe, (hall forfeit double the fum of the duty which fhould have been fo paid by him, her, or them as aforefaid.

VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the officers for the inland duties upon coffee and tea, to take a true and particular account of coaccount of all fuch cocoa nuts as any dealer in, or feller of, coa nuts in coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, or chocolate, or any other perfon or per- hand; fon* in truft, or for the ufe, benefit, or account V them, or any or either of them, (hall be pofleffed of, or interefled in; and for that purpofe (hall be permitted in the day time to enter into £**** any dwelling houfe, out-houfe, or other place whatfoever, be- cme^dwdlina longing to every and any fuch dealer in, or feller of, coffee, tea, houfes,&c. cocoa nuts, or chocolate, and each of them, who are hereby required to permit and fuffer fuch officers officers, upon his or their requeft, to make fuch entry, on-the faid fifth day of Juljr, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, or afterwards at any tim? before the duty on fu#h cocoa nuts flock in hand

Z*	toll

32fi

Penalty oft eland eftinely 1 emoting or concealing cocoa nuts, Before they hare been

AAno viocfimo primo Gb6hqik IQ. c* 55.

(hall be paid, and to take fach aooourtf thereof, by otherwise, as (hall bed afeertain the true quantity t« if they, or any of them, (hall refufe to permit or fuffor officer or officers fo to do, or (hall refufe to affift the fh: in weighing the (aid cocoa nuts (lock in hand, or ftial obftruft, or hinder any officer or officers for the (aid ‘ ties in the due execution of the powers hereby given, they, (hall refpeftively forfeit twenty pounds for cv fence: and if any dealer in, or feller of, coffee, tea, or chocolate, or any other perfon, having in his, her cuftody or poflfeflion, any cocoa nuts chargeable by f * the faid duties, as (lock in hand, (hall clandeftincljr re carry away, or caufeoi* fufferto be removed or earned fame, or any part thereof, before the duties (hall ebareed^the c^argcc^ thereon, or (hall fraudulently conceal or hide, officer. ^ or fuffer to be concealed or hid, or fhall not produce fpeftion of the officer for the (aid duties all fuch that then, and in every fuch cafe, every perfon fo (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds, and a! coa nuts fo clandeftinely removed or carried awa lently concealed or hid, (hall be forfeited, and (hal feized by any officer for the faid inland duties; and or perfons, in whofe cuftody fuch cocoa nuts (hall who fhall not before the dileovcry thereof give next office of excife of the quantity of coca nuts fo in or their cuftody, fhall alfo forfeit and lofe the fum (hillings for every pound weight of fuch cocoa nuts.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority. The powers. That all and every the powers, authorities, direft: and fhe peni- methods, penalties, forfeitures, daufes, matters, an ties inflifted, which in and by an aft made in the tenth year of by an aft of his late majefty King George the Firft, (intituled. An jo Geo. 1, or piling certain duties therein mentioned payable upon coffee* relatm/to *he nuts* cb°c°late* and cocoa pa fie imported, and for granting duties on co- land duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the i chocolate ready made, and cocoa pajle; and for better aft duties payable upon toffee, tea, and cocoa-nuts* imported granting relief to Robert Dalzell, earl of Carnwath); other aft or afts of parliament now in force, reKr* Majefty’s duties upon coffee, tea, or cocoa nuts, arc fettled, or eftablifhed, for managing, railing, levying, cj recovering, adjudging, mitigating, afeertaining, eofcj fecuring the duties or penalties thereby granted, snq renting, detefting, and puniftiing frauds relating theral than in fuoh eafes for which other penalties and p*cm made and preferibed by this aft), (hall be exercifed* | applied, ufed and put in execution, in and for themamd ing, levying, collefting, recovering, afeertaining, adjudl igating, enforcing, and fecuring the faid inland duties xtt nuts hereby impofed, and for preventing, detefting, an] 'ing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effe&uslly,1

coa nuts, Sec. /hall be in force in executing this aft.

Digitized by Google

3*7

1781.] Anno vicefiroo prltnoGeorgii III. 0.55.

ttnu and purpofcs, as if all and every the (aid powers, authorities, diredions, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, daufcs, matters, and things, were fpecially repeated, and again cosded in the body of this prefent ad.

VIII.	And be it further epa&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That all monies by and in rcfped of the duties hereby granted [^^11 be *' and impofed on cocoa nuts (the neceflary charges of raifing and applied, accounting for the fame excepted) (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majcfty’s exchequer at Weflminjler% and are hereby appropriated, and (hall be iflued and applied to the fame txfes and purpofes, in fuch manner, and under fuch regulations, as the monies arifing by the duties on chocolate hereby repealed were by the faid ad, made in the tenth year of his (aid late Majefty’s reign, appropriated unto, and direded to be iflued and applied.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* Former rules

That all and every the rules, regulations, dircdions, penalties, relating to and forfeitures, by any ad or ads of parliament prefcribed or Peking, enjoined for the packing, papering, tying, (tamping, and mark-	S^ateT’’

ing, and for vending of chocolate made in Great Britain, (hall t0 remain in continue to beobferved and put in pra&ice as to all chocolate force, hereafter to be made ;in Greet Britain, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if each and every the faid rules, regulations, diredioos, penalties, and forfeitures, were here again enabled in

the body of this prefent a A.

X.	And, to the intent that the inland duty by this 7 granted upon cotta nuts may not be too burtbenjome upon the importers thereof. Cocoa nut*, it is hereby further provided and ena&ed, That, from and after after entry at the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eigh- the cuftom-ty-one, all fuch cocoa nuts.as (hall be imported into this king- houfe, to be dom, upon the entry thereof at the cuftom-houfe, and paying

or (ecuring the cuftom dudes impofed thereon, (hall be forth- * with put into warehoufes provided for that purpofe, as directed by the faid before-recited aft of the tenth year of the reign of King George the Fir(t;.and the importer or proprietor thereof (hall have power to garble and feparate, in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, fuch cocoa nuts, as hath been ufual to make it merchantable; and no part of the cocoa nuts brought into fuch warehoufe or warehoufes fhall be taken or carried out of fuch an(J nQt ^ warehoufe or warehoufes refpeftively upon any account what- thereout until ever, but upon payment of the inland duties by this ad impof- the inland du-ed on the (aid cocoa nuts in manner following; that is to fay, ties are paid, the importer or proprietor, or fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed by him or them, (hall, for fuch cocoa nuts as (hall be lodged in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes within the cities of London and Wejlmm/ler, or the weekly bills of mortality, make entry with the receiver or colle&or of the faid inland duties, within the faid limits, of the quantity of cocoa nuts he or (he intends to take out of fuch warehoufe, and pay down in ready money to fuch receiver or collcdor the inland duty on cocoa nuts

z 3	by

Digitized by

Google

Wiurjfehoiife-keeper, on rectivirfg a

to weigh and deliver fuch cocoa nuts as are required, and to give a permit with (he fame.

328	Anno	vicefimo	primo	Georgix	Til. c- 55-	C*7*'.

by this ad granted; and in all other plaees of Great Britain fuch entries (hall be made at the office of excife next to the warehoufe or warehoufes where fuch cocoa nuts (hall-be fo lodged as aforefaid, and the perfon taking ouj the fame (hall pay down tlte faid inland duty to the collector appointed to receive the fame; and upon producing a warrant or warrants, certificate or certificates, figned by fuch refpedive receiver or colle&or, proper“certi6- (certifying that he has received the faid inland duties,) to the cate figncd by refpe&ive warehoufe-keeper or warehdufe-keepers, fuch ware-houfe-keeper or warehoufe-keepers (hall thereupon, at the ex-pence of the perfon applying for the fame, weigh the faid co-fcoa nuts fo required to be delivered out, and after taking an account of the quantity fo weighed, (hall deliver out of fach warehoufe or warehoufes all the cocoa nuts mentioned or exr prefled in fuch warrant or warrants, certificate or certificates re-fpedtively, to have paid the faid inland duties; and there-fpe&ive warehoufe-keeper and warehoufe-keepers are thereupon to give to the perfon fo taking out the fame a permit or certificate to accompany fuch cocoa nuts fo delivered out, (which permit or.certificare (hall be alfo figned by the officer attending the faid warehoufe) to prevent the feizing thereof.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, garble to T*131 garble of all fuch cocoa nuts, when garbled and fecur-

- •	ed in fuch warehoufe, ift manner as aforefaid, (hall and may,

from time to time, by the order and dire&iot) of the refpe&ive cpmmiflioners of excife, be removed out of the faid warehoufe, by the officers attending the fame, and fuch garble (hall he forthwith burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, by the order of the (aid refpe<5Hve commiflioners.

XII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons who (hall have actually paid his Majefty’s duties, by this net

been pa\d may payable upon cocoa nuts, and to and for any other perfon who be exported, (hall buy, or be lawfully intitled to, any fuch cocoa nuts from the perfon who actually paid the duties for the faid cocoa nuts, to export fuch cocoa nuts, or the chocolate made of fuch cocoa nuts* to any parts beyond the feas by way of merchandize; giving a fufficient fecurity before the (hipping thereof, that the

pe burnt.

Cocoa nuts, fonvhich the duties have

&c,

giving fecuri-Fy that the

frme not particular quantity of cocoa nuts, or of the chocolate fo intend-pe relanded. c(j ^ exportc<^ an(j every part thereof, fhaLl be (hipped and exported, and not be relanded or brought again into any part of Great Britain; which fecurity the officer of excife, at the port of exportation, (hall take in his Majefty’s name, and to his Ufe ; any ftatute or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII. Provided always. That if, after the (hippiqg of any Penalty on re- fuch cocoa nuts, or of fuch chocolate, and the tendering or landing fuch giving fuch fecurity as aforefaid, in order to obtain the drawback herein-after mentioned, the fame, or any part thereof, (hall be relanded, that then, and in every fuch cafe, over anda-£pve the penalty of the bond, which (hall be recovered and leyi-

v	$1

cocoa nuts.

- Digitized by

Google

i7$i.J Annp vicefuno primo Georgii III/c. 55.	329

ed to his Majefty’s ufe, all the faid cocoa nuts, and all the faid chocolate, which (hall be fo landed', or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited.

XIV.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by th/e authority afore-faid. That the perfon who (hall fo export any fuch cocoa nuts,

or any fuch chocolate as aforefaid, (hall or may make proof up- cocoa nut*, on oath, or by affirmation, (in cafe the perlon exporting the &c. to make fame be a known quaker), refpedttvely, that the inland duties oath that the upon the faid cocoa nuts have been paid, and that the duty up- ^iTpaidT on the cocoa nuts whereof the faid chocolate was made had	*

been paid, (which oath or affirmation the Collector of exqjje, or other perfon who receives the faid duties, is hereby impow-ered and required to adminifter); and thereupon the officer of excife at the port of exportation (hall give to the exporter thereof a certificate under his hand, expreffing the true quantity and kind of the commodity fo exported, and that the fame was (hipped in Hisjprefence, and that lufficient fecurity has been given * Fo r f which certificate being produced to the colle&or of excife, or £h°e inlandVu-perfon appointed to receive the inland duty upon cocoa nuts in ty to be paid the county or place where the fame was exported, he (hall forth- to the export-with pay to the perfon fo exporting, or his agent, four fifths cr» of the inland duty which had been paid for the faid cocoa nuts fo exported, or for the cocoa nuts whereof the faid chocolate fo exported was made; and if fuch collector (hall not have money in his hands to pay the fame, then the refpedtive commiflioners of excife are hereby required to pay, or caufe to be paid, the fums mentioned in fuch certificate out of the monies arifing from the duties by this a£t impofed upon cocoa nuts.

XV.	And) the more effectually to prevent frauds which may be committed in the exportation of cocoa nuts and of chocolate, be it

further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That when any per- Exporter of fon (hall be defirous of (hipping any quantity of cocoa nuts or chocolatc, for which a drawback is to be allowed, fuch perfon or tjc* togthe of-" perfons (before the faid goods (hall be (hipped) (hall be obliged ficer two days to give notice in writing to the proper officer of the divifion or before the place where the cocoa nuts or chocolate are intended to be (hip-ped, two days next before the fame (hall be put on (hipboard ; 0	P00	•

in which notice (hall be exprefled the quantity of cocoa nuts and of chocolate refpedlively fo intended to be (hipped, and the time when the faid goods will be packed up in order to be exported ; which faid chocolate (hall, at the time expreffed in fuch notice, be brought inclofed, and tied up and (lamped in manner and form as chocolate made in Great Britain is directed to be inclofed, tied up, and (lamped ; and the commiflioners of excife are hereby impowered and directed to caufe fuch of- tak™nofffk>ni ficer to take care to fee that the (lamp be taken off from e- aii chocolate very parcel and piece of the faid chocolate fo intended to be exported, exported, and the faid officer (hall take an account of thp quantity of cocoa nuts or chocolate fo intended to be exported, and (hall make a return to the proper officer to be appointed for that purpofel

Z*	*VI.	AncT

Digitized by

3^6	Anno	vicefimo	primo	Georgii	III.	C.	i

Securities XVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* Donation of* That the fecurities by this adt directed to be given for the due cocoa nuts, exportation of cocoa nuts, and of chocolate made in Great Bribe. to be dif- tain as aforefaid, (halLbe difeharged, without fee or reward, up-charged, on on certificate returned or produced to the commifiioners of ex-cl?ti- C1^e» unc^cr common feal of the chief magistrate in any place Scate,r&c,*’ or places beyond the feas, or under the hands and feals of two *	known Brittjb merchants then being at fuch place or places,

that fuch cocoa nuts, or that fuch chocolate, was there jand-cd ; or upon proof, by credible witnefies, that fuch cocoa nuts, or fuch chocolate, were taken by enemies, or perimed in the feas ; the examination and proof thereof being left to the judge* ment of the Commifiioners of excife for the time being.

Damaged cof- XVII. And whereas damaged coffee, and damaged cocoa nuts, have tee, or da- frequently been imported into this kingdom, and have been fold for faU maged cocoa vage, or on other accounts, and thefame have been afterwards taken into certain'price*,	fioc^s °f perfons dealing in coffee, tea,	and cocoa nuti,'by XftbtA

j,ot to be fold* means great frauds have been carried oh, and fmuggling encouraged, for home con- to the great lofs of the revenue, and to the great, injury of the fair futnption; trader \ for preventing of which mifehiefs, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid fifth ly of July, one thoufand feven hundred and elghty-pne, no damaged coffee whatever, which cannot be fold at a publick fale tor one drilling and fixpence the pound weight avoirdupois, nor any damaged cocoa nuts whatever, which cannot be fold at a publick fale for one (hilling the pound weight avoirdupois, (hall, dn afty account whatever, be fold to be confumed within this hut fecuredin kingdom ; but all fuch damaged coffee arid cocoa nuts refpec-wareboufei. tively, under their refpe&ive value aforefaid, (hall, as (oon as landed in this kingdom, be fecured, by the proper officer of excife, in fame warehoufe or warehoufes to be provided for that purpofe, at the charge of the refpe<51ive importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, of fuch damaged coffee or cocoa nuts, and to be approved of by the refpe&ive commifiioners of excifej Npt to be ta- dr maj°r Part °f them, for the time being; and (hall there ken thereout, remain until the fame (ha»j be delivered out of fuch warehoufe until fufficient or warehoufes unto the proprietor or importer, or other peribns, fecurity be as ftich proprietors or importers (hall appoint in that behalf; exportation uP°b fufficient fecurity to be firft given to his Majefty, his heirs thereof. and fucceffors, (which fecurity the commifiioners of excife for the time being, or fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall, from time to time, appoint for that purpofe, are hereby required and Empowered to take) that the fame, and every part thereof, (hall be exported, and not relanded in Great Britain; which fecurity Shall be difeharged, without fee or reward, upon certificate returned or produced to the commifiioners of excife, or fuch per-fpn as aforefaid, under the common feal of the chief magiftrate in any place or places beyond the feas, or under the hands and feals of two known Britijb merchants, then being in fuch place . Or places; that fuch coffee or cocoa nuts were there landed; or rppon proof, by credible perfons, that the fame were taken by , ‘. 1	enemies,

Digitized by LjOoq le

Anrio Vicdflfnd ^rimo GeoSgti HI. c. 55.	33V

criinues. or perilled in the feas; the examination krid pfoof ‘ '	’’

tfidreof oeing left to the judgement df the cbrnmiffionefs of cx- , ctfe for the time being.	\

XVJII. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, Alfyiivante fo rfhat, from and after thefaid fifth day or July, one thoufand (even officer Out of hundred and eighty-one, where any officer of excife (hall have the produce feized, as forfeited for unlawful importation, any cbffee, choco- fc^edforu?-lite, cocoa nuts, or cocoa pafte, (he refpe6tive cditimiffion^rs of jawful iuipor-efccife (hall allow to fuch officer one third part of the full fum tation. “ c " that (hall arife from the fale of fuch chocolate, cocfoa pafte, or cocoa nuts, after condemnation thereof rcfpedtlvely, free of all charges of condemnation and fale.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further edaefted fay the Ho" authority aforefaid. That if the coffee, chocolate, cocoa paft$, warded i^cafe and cocoa nuts, fo Prized, after condemnation thereof, be fold the coffae, ^c.-puhlick fale for the fum of one (hilling per pound Weight, fuch'feized by him coffee, chocolate, cocoa pafte, and cocoa nuts, rcfpeftivriy, fhall' thall prove not in anywife be fold, but the fame, and every part thereof, unfalca (hall be burnt, orotherwife deftioyfcd, by the bidder df the re-fpetftivecommiffioners of excife j and; in fuch cafe, the officer

making the feiidre (hall be ^Warded in fuch mariner "as the faid commiffioners (hall think proper, fuch rewafd not exceeding fix-pence for each pound Weight of fuch chocolate, codoa £afte, arid cocoa nuts, relpd^ively, fo burnt 6? ddftrdyed.	,

XX.	And whereas tea dealers, and other perfons, do frequently, After Joty Under colour and fan flion of the permits granted to them for the re- V*''^ tfeaf v ihoval of tea from one part of this kingdom to dnblher,find fh\*ans to p0Unds* copy fmuggled tea into their flocks,, n>ar to the (oafls of this kingdom, weight, (ex-dna afterwards to convey and remo ve flub fmuggled tea to places with- eept,

in the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or to other part: of this b? brought kingdom, there to be fold and dfpofed of, to the encouraging of gling, the great ’diminution of the publick revenue, and''to ine injury	f

$f the fair trailer; for remedy whereof, belt enacted by the authority, aforefaid, That, from and after tile twenty-fifth day of .. r . July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, no^tea (exceeding the quantity of fix pourids weight) (hall at any time (fave as herein after i$ mentioned) be removed or carried from any part of this kingdom, not bring within the limits of the weekly bills oF mortality, or of tlie dhief office of excife in Lon-	f	"*

don, to any place within the faid limits; and if any tea (hall be Penalty, found Tq removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with qr without permit, (fave as herein-after is mentioned) the ft|me, tpgether with the canifters, bags? and other package	'	*

whatfoever, containing the fame, and the veflels and boats, 3nd the horfes, and other cattle, and carriages, employed in removing the fame, (hall be forfeited? and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

XXI.	And be' ft further eqa&ed by the authority-aforefaid. After July tS, That, from and after the faid twentyrfifth day of July, one 1781, no tea/ thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, no tea exceeding the above 40 'fjuahtity of forty pounds weight, (not bring in the original cheft Poundt ’’	4	If*

Digitized by Google

332	Anno viccGmo primo Georg n HJ. c. 55. [1711;

weight, (not in which the fame tea was imported into this kingdom by the being in the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi /•-cbeft in which an<j then continuing in the fame (late in which it was lo ported*imported,) at any one time, directed to one and the lamp periled to any fon or perfons, where there are two or more in joint trade or one perfon, partnerlhip, (hall be removed or carried from any city, town, itc. (hall be parifh, or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits one town to™ afor*kM, to any other place out of the limits aforefaid, net another. within the faid city, town, parifh, or place from which the fame (hall be fo removed or carried ; and if any tea, exceeding the laid quantity of forty pounds weight, at any one time, direded to one and the fame perfon or perfons, where there are two or more in joint.trade or partner(hip, (and not being in the original chefts as aforefaid, ((hall be found fo removed or carried,or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, the Penalty. fame, together with the canifters, bags, and other package, containing the fame, and the vefTels and boats, and the borfcs and other cattle and carriages employed in removing or carrying the fame, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

Several pack- XXII. Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in ages, of 40 this ad contained (hall be conftrued to prevent any dealer in P°un<J* r*0*1 any ^uck town, parilh, or place, as aforefaid, from taking Se^ameCper-° out *wo or morc	and	by	virtue	thereof, fending two or

Ion, See. on- more packages ot forty pounds each to the f^me perfon in the der different fame day, fo a$ the faid packages (hall not contain more than permits. Sec. forty pounds each, and (hall be fent under different permits, and by different conveyances,

After Jply	XXIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

1781 f all tea That, from and after the faid twenty-fifth day of July, one thou-^evcn hundred and eighty-one, all tea feized and arrefled lhall be fent to ai?y °®ccr °f the cuftoms, or for the inland duties upon tea, London, and for any caufe of forfeiture, in any part of England, dominion cf depofired in	ff^ales or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, (haU, before the toe

warehoufetj tea, or any part thereof, be fold, be fent to and depofited in fome warehoufe or warehouses, to be appointed for that purpoi'e by the refpedive commiflioners of excife and cuftoms in England within the city of London, in order to be there publicity And all tea fold; and that ail tea feized and arrefled by the refpedive offi-feijccd in Scotr cers of the cuftoms or excife, for any caufe of forfeiture, within land (MH be that part of Great Britain called Siotland, (hall, before the fame, t^rrlTamlfo ?r WP*rt hereof, be fold, be fent to and depofited in toe dtpoiiud. Sec. warehoufe qr warehoufes, to be appointed for that purpofcbf * the refpedive commiflioners of the cuffoms and excife in Sat* land, within the linvts of the city of Edinburgh, to be there pub* lickly fold$ all which faid teas (hall be fent to the faid warehoufes, in the faid cities of London and Edinburgh refpedivdy, with proper permits figned by the refpedive officers of extHe,cr fupervifors pf the place of diflrid from whence the laid tea a fo bp removed, to accompany luch tea from tfie parts or places '	'	'	'	ftot

333

1781,] Anno Vicclinio primo Georgii III. c. 55.

where the fame (hall have been fecured, after the fame (hall have been feized and arrefted as aforefaid, to fuch warehouse or warehoufes, fo to be appointed as aforefaid; in which permits ftall be expreffed that the tea fo fent is tea feized as forfeited, or tea condemned as forfeited, as the cafe (hall happen to be; any thing in this, or in any other a6t of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the How dealert authority aforefaid, Thar, from and after the faid twenty-fifth are to proceed day of Jufyy one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, if any *ho (ball fee dealer in tea, who (hall have received into his flock any tea re- turn aoy^ moved according to the dire&ions of this ad, and accompanied received by with an authentick permit or certificate, (hall fee caufe to return them agree* the fame, or any part thereof, to the perfon from whom he re- 10 ceived the fame, then and in every fuch cafe fuch tea dealer ^ may, within twenty-four hours after he or (he (hall have received the fame tea into his or her flock, give twelve hours notice in writing to the officer of excife, under whofe furvey fuch dealer (hall then be, of his intention to return the faid tea, or any part thereof, and (hall in fuch’ notice exprefs the true caufe and oepafion for returning the fame, and fuch officer is hereby required to attend accordingly; and fo as foon as the faid officer (hall have examined the faid tea intended to be fo returned, and (hall have taken an account of the quality and of the -quantity there-	;

of, fuch dealer in tea (hall forthwith, and in the prefence of fuch officer, repack the fame tea, and (hall immediately, or within half an hpur after the coming of the faid officer, and in the pre-fence of the faid officer, write on the outfide of the package, in which the returned tea (hall then be, in large legible characters, as well his own chriffian and furname, as alfo the chriflian and furnames of the perfon or perfons, or the name or firm of the company from whofe flock the fame tea was received, and jikcwifc the words Returned Tea; and the faid officer is hereby Officer to requitpd and diredled to underwrite on the package his own chriflian and furname, and to mark the faid package with fome mark or number, and (hall then, and not before, grant a permit or certificate to accompany the faid tea fo to be returned ; in which permit or certificate (hall be expreffed the quantity dnd quality of the tea fo returned, the caule and occafion of returning the fame, the marft or number put on the package, the chriflian and furname both of the perion from whofe flock removed, and of the perfon to whom the fame is to be returned, and alfQ the tiipe for which fuch permit (hall be in force; and if any fuch tea be found returned, or in part returned, or return-	^	r*"

ing without fuch permit or certificate as aforefaid accompanying wlthoiu a^pro* the fame; or if fuch tea be found returned, or in part returned, per permit, ? or returning to any other perfon or perfons than the perfon or &c, perfons from whom the laid tea had been firft received; or if the tea returned, or in part returned, or returning with fuch permit or certificate as aforefaid, be not the identical tea which had Jjccq rcpciycd as aforefaid, without smy addition to, or alterati-■*	  ‘	''	Pfl

*

334	Anno	vlcefimo	primo Gborgii III. c. 55. [1781.

bti of the fame; then, and in each and every fuch Cafe* the 6kt tea, with the package containing the fame, fhall be forfeited, and (hail artd rtiay be fei&ed by any officer or officer* df exrife; and the perfbn or perfons returning the fame, contrary to the true ihteht and meaning of this provifo, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of orte hundred pounds.

Officers to de- XXV. And whereas tea of [matt value, and of inferior quality, is mafldaltft- frequently fent from the ft oik 5 of tea dealers to other dealers in tea fJteowrof ' with permits or certificates to proteft the fame, and great frauds are tealmevil-minded perfons, who change the tea whilft tbefdtfie to to tettkor- is removing from one place to another, and who fubJHtute Jtnuggled tea ed jwytngfbr of far ftiperior quality and value in the place thereof: now, in order thefame* totnable the officers fir the inland duties upon tea to deuft futh frauds, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That, when ony dealer in tea (hall have taken out any permit or permits for removing tea from his own flock to the flock of any other Hke dealer, it (hall and may be lawfol for any officer Or officers for the faid inland duties to demand z fatnple (not exoee<fcng two ounces, or lefs than one ounce, to be fealed'by the trader, if he (hall think fit, in the prefence of the officer) out Of each parcel Of the tea fo intended to be removed, paying for Rich Tample according to the price that fuch tea (hall then commonly* bear and Penalty on re-be lpld for; and if any fuch dealer, fo fending a Way tea as fufingofficer aforefaid, fhall'by himfelf, or by his fervant, refufot64t»ffer'or fachiample, permit fuch officer or officers to take away any fuch' (ample of fuch tea upon his or their offering to pay for the feme the price that fuch tea (hall then commonly bear and be fold for 5 or if any fuch dealer In tea (hall by himfdf, of by his fervant, deliver a (ampie of tea, not being the Very tea fo to be fent away with the faid permit or certificate's aforefaid; every futh dealer (hail, fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty

„rjr_____	.	And	’be	it	further	enadted	by	the authority aforefaid,

fix pounds That if any tea, exceeding fix pohnds weight, (hall be found weight, to be catryihg Or nemovingfrom any orre part of this kingdom to any one town to™ ot^er P*rt thereof, unlefs at fuch times as herein-after mcntion-another in the fed $ that is to fay, from the twenty^ninth day of September to flight* the twenty-fifth d!ay of March yearly, between the hours of fe-ven in the morning and five in the eveningand from the faid twenty-fifth day or March to the twenty-ninth day of September yearly, between the hours of five in the morning and feven in evening, (except the fame is removing or carrying by a known common ftage coach, waggon or other ftage carriage, which op penalty of ufbally travel out of thofe hours,) the faid tea, and the package forfeiture, &c. containing the fame, whether the fame be accompanied with or without a permit, and all cattle and carriages made ufe of in the removing or carrying the fame, (hall be forfeited, and fhall and ttiay be feized by any officer or officers f<?r fhp inland duties iipon tea.

Recital.	XXVII.	And	whereas	great	frauds	have	been, and are daily pret-

tified by perfons dealing in excifcqble commodities, who take out permits

from

tor every pounds. r XXVI

Digitized by

Google

Apjip vipc0mo primo Georgii IH, €.55.	j||

from the officers of excife fir removing theft commodities front their nfpsQivt facts* and* under pretence of fending the fame to diflant parts* do obtain permits to continue in force longer than is neufiary fir the removing the /aid goods, and infaad of removing the fame di+ redly from their refpedive facts* do mate ufe of the fame permits fir protectingfmuggled goods* whereby the revenue is greatly Icjfened* and the fair trader in thofecommodities aggrieved; and whereas doubts have arifsn* whether officers of excife* who give permits to accompany exciftable goods or commodities removing from one place of this king • dom to another, by land or by water* have authority to limit and ex-prefs in fucb permits the time within which the goods and cmmodi* ties* in fuch permits fpecified or mentioned*/ball be removed from and Otft of the flock of the perfons taking out fucb permits* and alfo the ...	_	_

times within which the fame goods and commodities fall be delivered and received into the flocks of the perfon or perfons refpeCiively to whom the fame are fo permitted to be fent: now* to put an end to all doubts* bo it declared and ea*dted by the authority aforefaid, Officers, *n. That it is the true intent and meaning of the feveral of fo^remorin* parliament, which dired the giving of fuch permits, that the cxrifeabie 9 officers of excife who give the fame (hould, and they &c bound good*, are to to exprefs and limit, in every fuch permit, as well the time for which fuoh permits (hall be in force, for removing and fencing aTu bela away fuch goods or commodities from and out of the (locks of force, fo, the perfons taking out fuch permits, as alfo the time within which the fame goods or commodities (hall be delivered, and actually received into the (locks of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be fo permitted to be fent; and, if any Penaltyon not goods or commodities, liable to excife or inland duties, and which by the feveral (latutes in fuch cafe made, are required to able to §ie be removed or fent away with permit, are not aftually removed permits, &c. and fent away from and out of every fuch (lock within the time limited and exprefied in the refpedive permits for removing and fending away the fame, or, in default of fo fending away and removing the faid goods or commodities, the refpedive permits (ball not be returned to the officer or officers from whom the fame were had$ then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons, from and out of whofe (lock the faid goods or com'* inedkies are thereby authorized to be removed, lhali be fobjed to the like forfeitures and penalties as are directed in and by an ad, made and pa(Ted in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the h'irft, intituled. An ad fir snore tffecr AA1 Geo* 1. total preventing frauds and abufis in the publick revenues; fir preventing frauds in the Jalt duties* and for giving relief for fait ufed in the curing of /almost and cod fijh* tn the year one thoufand /even hundred and nineteen* exported from shot part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the infur once companies to plead the general \ffue in actions brought againft them; and fir fecuring the /lamp-duties upon policies of infurance: and in cafe the faid goods or commodities, refpcdively mentioned or fpecified in fuch permits* lhali be removed from and out of the refpedive (locks of the perfon or perfons taking out fuch permit*, within t{te time ex-	•

prefled

Digitized by LiOOQle

In cafe of unavoidable delay in delivering fuch goods, the lame not to be fbi feited.

IF any officer (hall find any increafe in the flock of any dealer In fpi-rituous liquors, coffee, tea, &c fince tut UJi furvty

fochincreafe (hall be forfeited t

and alfo tol,

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii HI. "C. 55. [1781;

prefled and limited therein, and the fame (hall not, within the time limited and expreffed in fuch permit, be actually delivered and received into the flock of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame are mentioned in fuch permit to be fent, then, and in every fuch cafe, all fuch goods and commodities fo removed and fent away as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and taken to be goods or commodities removed or removing without permit.

XXVIII.	Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enadted, That, in cafe the faid excifeable goods or commodities (hall, by any unavoidable accident or neeeflity, be delayed, and thereby be prevented from being delivered into the flock or flocks of the perfons to whom fuch goods (hall be fent Within the time limited and exprefled in fuch permit, that then* in every fuch cafe, the court or jurifdidlion, where any information (hall be brought for the condemnation of any fuch feteure, (hall, upon proof of fuch unavoidable accident or neeeflity, di-redl the goods or commodities fo feized to be reftored to the owner orclaimer thereof; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIX.	And zobercas perfons dealing in or filing of fpiritum liquorsBritilh or foreign fweets* coffee* tea, chocolate* or cocoa nuts* or fome or one of them* and who ate refpeflively under the furvey of the officer of excife for inland duties, do frequently bring9goods and commodities, changeable with excife dr inland duties, into their re-fpeflive warehoufes* /bops* cellars* vaults* and other places by them made ufe of for keeping the fame* without having given notice thereof to the proper officer under whofe furvey fuch perfons refpeftively then are* and without producing to fuch o fficer* or having with him the authentick permit or certificate that accompanied the faid goods or commodities* and, irt order to prevent the officers of excife from feizing the the fame* do fraudulently mix or mingle the faid goods or commodities in and with other goods and commodities then in flock in fuch wareboufe* /hop, cellar* vault, or other place; be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That if any officer or officers of excife (hall difcover and find any increafe in the flock or flocks of any dealer in or feller of any of the faid commodities, over and above the quantity of each refpeeflive fort or denomination which the officer found in fuch dealer’s or Teller’s cuftody at the time of the Jaft preceding furvey upon fuch dealer or feller, fuch increafe, whether mixed or mingled, or unmixed or unmingled, fhall be deemed and taken to be made by a commodity for which no dutv has been paid, and which had been privately brought in oy fuch dealer or feller without permit or certificate*; and fo much of the faid refpe&ive flock or flocks as (hall be found increased fhall be forfeited and loft, and a quantity equal to the increafed quantity (hall and may be feized and taken, by the officer or officers of excife who (hall difeover the fame, from and out of any part of the faid flock or flocks then in the poflefiion of the perfon or perfons where the fame (hall be found; and the perfon or perfons in whofe flock fuch increafe (hall be difeovered and found, (hall alfoJofe and forfeit the fum of twenty pounds,

XXX. Provided

Digitized by v^ooQie

I7&i.] Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGII ITI. 0,55.	'	337:

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the au- Britifh fpirits# thority aforefaid, That if any fuch increafe fo difeovered is in a certain aforefaid, (hall be found in the (lock or docks of any dealer or £***» n°r feller of Britijb made fpirituous liquoff^ the fame (hall not be

forfeited, if the owner thereof (hall make it appear that fuch in-create was made by mixing water with and amongft feme of his faid dock of Britijb made fpirituous liquors, in the prefence of the officer of exoife of the divifion or place where fuch increafe fhall be found5 any thing in this aSL before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXI.	And whereas by an aft paffed in the fecotid year of bit Recital of prefent Majefly's rtigny intituled, An ad for more effectually * Ge<* s# preventing the exceffive ufe of fpirituous liquors for home con-fumption, by laying additional duties upon fpirits made in Greet

Britain, or imported into the fame; and for better regulating and encouraging the exportation of Britijb made fpirits; and forfecuring the payment of the duties upon fpirituous liquors; it ms, amongfl other things, enabled, That to prevent diftillers, who made fpirits for exportation, from fraudulently removing wajb, low	,

wines, or fpirits, the officers of excife Jhould from time to time make a charge from the apparent decreafe of the wajb of any fuch difliller or difillers, except fuch decreafe did really and truly arife from accident : end whereas the officers of excife are prevented from making true charges upon decreafes in the wafh of fuch diflillers,for want of feme certain rule for afeertaining the true proportion of fpirits that ought to be produced from a certain quantity of wafh: now, for the better enabling fuch officers to make true charges on the apparent de-creafcs of wafh difeovered at the ftillhoufe or ftillhoufes of every difliller or diftillers making fpirits for exportation, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the twentieth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, every difliller and diftillers who, at any time between the firft day of Diftillers of Ofliber and the firft day of June, in each year, (hall make ordiftil fpirits for ex-’ fpirits for exportation, fhall, for every fix gallons of wafli, with- l^ucctotbe in the time aforefaid found in his cuftody, produce to the fight officer a quan^ of the officer or officers of excife at leaft one gallon of fpirits : tity of /pints and that every difliller and diftillers who, at any time between proportion the firft day of June and the firft day of Oflober, in each year,

(hall make or diftil fpirits for exportation, (hall, for every (even cuftody, gallons of wafh, within the time laft aforefaid found in his cuftody,% produce to the fight of the officer or officers of excife at lead one gallon of fpirits; fuch fpirits to be in each cafe of the ftrength of one to fix under hydrometer proof: and that in every cafe where the produce of the fpirits, extracted by any fuch difliller or diftillers within thofe refp&live times, (hall fall (hort or they (halt of the proportions before mentioned, every fuch difliller and be charged for diftillers (hall be, and he and they is and are hereby chargeable with, and (hall pay duty for every gallon of fuch wafh, which ** within the refpe&ive times aforefaid, fhall be miffing, over and above the faid fix gallons and feven gallons refpe&ively, at the

fame

Digitized by v^ooQle

lowed for ■walte in rectifying or compounding fpirits for exportation*

33* rAwo ripofimo pfitpp Geo$gii 111. c. $5.

feme rate as the duty is chargeable and payable upon the dc-creafe of waft) di(covered at the ftiU-fioufes or diftillers who di^il low wines snd fpirits for home conffimprion $ and the officers of e*cife are hereby reared, ip (ppji ?afe$, to make the pre-charges* as well for djte low wines as alfo For tbelpi-rit$, upon every gallop of wadi refpeftively fo miffing as afpip* faid, in likq mariner as diftillers working for home conffimpti-ooare noyy charged ppon d^creafes of walh; wjiich faid duties . pn the frid low wipes and fpirits, fo tp be charged as afprekid, (hall be paid by every fuch diftiller or diallers at the refpeftiye *	times,	and	in the fame manner, and under the like rules, regu-

lations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the duties charged on dif-tiller* who diltil for home confumptipn are now made payable; any thing in the bid before recited aft to fhe contrary naiwitn-ftanding.

Six gallons per XXXII. And be i% further en^fted by the authority afone-ton to be al- faid. That, from and after the faid twentieth day of July, one thopftnd feven hundred and eighty-one, when any diftiller or diftillers of fpirits for exportation (hall take out any quantity of fpirits from the WiWehoufe or warehoufes wherein the feme were locked up, iivorder to have rhofe fpirits reftified or compounded, before the are exported, as by the faid before recited aft is permitted, fuah diftiller or diftiljers (hall, in consideration of wafle, be allowed fix gallons in every ton of fuch fpirits fo to be rectified or compounded, and fo pfter that rate for a greater or leffir quantity; Which allowance of fix gallons ineypry ton of fpirits Jo . rectified or compounded, is in full compenfation for all wafte,loft, pr damage whatever, (except in cafes of unavoidable accidents, which (hall be proved xo the Oatisfaftion of the commiffioners of All dccrcafe excife 5) and if any decreafe fliall at any time appear in the quaft-tVab^veT ^ g^P***ts ta^en out hy any fuch diftiller or diftillers to be proportion to^	or	compounded, except fuch as .can or may ,be account-

fee charged ed for by the allowance aforefaid, every fuch diftiller and diftiU-with double $rs fhali be charged, and the officers of excife are hereby requir-duty-	ed to charge him, her, or them, fpr all the fpirits fo found

to be decreafed, and not properly accounted for, with dqqhle the duties fuch fpirits would have been charged with if the bate bad been made for home confumption ; which faid charge of double duty, fo to be made as aforefaid, (hail be made up by the proper officer at the end of every three months, and the duty fo charged (hall he paid by every fuch diftiller and diftillers, within three weeks after the expiration of fuch three months re-fpeftivel.y; .which faid double duty (hall be fued for, recovered, and levied, in fuch manner as the duties upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are by an aft made ,in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled. An a£l far taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, end by knights fervicey and purveyance; and for fettling a revenue upon Ins Majefiy in lieu thereof,) or by any other law now in force, relating,to the revenue of excife on beer, ale, or other liquors, art ^ drafted to be recovered and levied.

XXXIV. And

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 55-	339

XXXIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore* After July so.

hid,- That, from and after the faid twentieth day of July, one *7**,n® 0"* thoufand feven hundred and eight-one,fpiritsmadc for exportation rit* mad? for (hall not, in afty cafe whatever, be delivered out of the ware-	deH-

houfe, or warehoufes wherein the fame (hall have been lodged vered out of andfecured, to be ufed for home confumption; any law, fta- the ware-tute, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.	houfe* foe

XXXIV.	And	whereas, notwithftanding the many laws that have

frm time to time been made for feturing the duties low wines and After Aug. 1. fpirits, and for preventing the private diflillati - 1781, every id	perfons do privately diftil large quantities of law wines and , perfon who

anddofecretly difpofe of the fame to	r({lifters, and to other

to the great injury of toe revenue, and of the fair trader .-now, for	*U

the more effectually putting a flop to fuch fraudulent practices, & deemed a be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after common dii-the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- *j*,*r» *"c* one, every perfon who (hall make or diftil any low wines or fpi-fits, whether for Tale or not for fale, (hall be deemed and taken, ’ and is hereby declared to be a common diftiller for fale, and is hereby required to enter his, her, and their (till and (tills, and all other veflels and utenfils by him, her, or them, made ufe of for the making or keeping of wa(h, low wines, or fpirits, at the office of excife next to the place where any fuch perfons (hall and pay duty then inhabit; and (hall be liable to be charged with, and (hall pay, ** fuch* forall low wines and fpirits by them made, the feveral rates and duties of excite charged by the feveral aCts for laying duties upon low wines and fpirits, and (hall be fubjeCt to the furvey of the officers of excife, and to the feveral penalties, fines, and forfeitures, impofed by any aCt or ads of parliament now in force in anywife relating to diftillers.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. All perfons, That, from and after the faid firft day of , one thoufand after Aug. 1, (even hundred and eighty-one, every perfon making or keeping ,7S,»

any wa(h prepared or fit for diftilling of low wines and fpirits, fo/dSiUing and having in his, her, or their cuftody, any (kill or (kills, (hall 0f low wines, be deemed and taken to be, and is hereby declared to be, a com- tec. or any_ mon diftiller for fale, and liable to the feveral duties of excife *n tbj“* upon low wines and fpirits, and to the feveral penalties, fines, jjjl deemed* and forfeitures, impofed by any aCt or aCls of parliament now in common dif-force in any wife relating to diftillers'.	tillers.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Noperfon, faid. That no perfon, after the faid firft day of , one thou- after Aug. r, (and feven hundred and eighty-one, (hall make ufe of any vefiel,17***^? P* walh-batch, or other utenfil, nor any room or place for the

making, brewing, or keeping of walh made from melafles, fu- making wadi gar, corn, or grain refpeCtively, or from any of the faid mate*- for low wines, rials mixed together, or from any of them mixed with any other &.e*. w“ho"t material or ingredient whatfoever, for the diftillation of low fj^he next wines and fpirits, without firft giving notice thereof at the next office, office within the limits of which he or they do inhabit, upon pain to forfeit for every veflel, walh-batch, or other utenfil,

V ql. XXXIII.	A a	room.

340

on penalty of 501.

If Any dlftit-ler, br dealer

Anno vicelTrno primo CjEoRGII til. c. 55.	['1781-

room, or place, fo made ufe of without notice as afbfefaid, (tie fum of fifty pounds,

XXXV rl. And whereas the penalties already provided againjifbf ... receiving or buying of Britifh made fpirituGUS liqudrs frorri ihefpef-liquort^H* Jprivately dtftil thofe liquors % have, by experience, been filing buy brVeeeire inejjeilualy and nqt.mfficient to reftrain or prevent fuch fraudulent anyBrftifti praftices9 in regard that the duties defrauded often do amount to more fpirits from than the penalty that ean be incurred, whereby evil-minded perfons hannertle1*01 hove been rather encouraged than deterredfrom fuchprafiices, to the words'Diftill- gf ™* diminution of ibe revenue upon Britifh made fpirituous liquors, er, Ke&ftier, and to the great aifeouragement and lofs of the fair trader : for re-

&c. painted, ......................."	w	a

agreeable to 19 Geo. 3, cap. 50,

(except at publick fates of condemned fpirio)

tneiy whereof be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the fald firft day of Augufly one thoufand (Spv$n hundred and «»ght*one^ if any perfon vyho (hall either make, diftil, redfify, or compound, any Britifh made fpirituous liquors for (ale, or who lhall fell or deal in any fort of fpiritu-ous liquors, (hall receive or buy, or procure or employ any ^er?-fin to receive or buy fpr him, her, or, them, or forftVs, her, or their ufe, any Britifh ^ made fpirituous liquors^ (except at the publick Tales of fuch Britifb made fpirkuQus liqupfs as have Jb#n condemned^, -and are fold under the direction of the com-tnifiioners of excife,) of any perfon or perfons other than a marker, diftiller, redlifier, or compouhder of fpirituous liquor^,'^jr Tale, over the outward door of whofe ftillhoufe, ftorehome, w^re-lioufe, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, liy him, her, or them refpedively made ufe of for the making or keeping of Britflb made fpirituous liquors, (hall be painted tne words Difliller, Hec-Pfiefy or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors, (as ihe cafe thall fie^) as by an ad>, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of Kispre-fettt Majefty, (intituled, An aft for more ejfcftually preventing frauds by private dijlillers9 and for the better jecuring the duties-on hvq wines and fpiritsfj is diredled and■ preferibed; everyTpch be (hall forfeit, perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and iofe, for every fuch offence, 500I.	the funn of five hundred pounds.

fiovifo.	XXXVIII.	Provided	always, That fuch offender, who (ball

be profecuted for the faid-penalty of five hundred pounds by this . adt given, (hall not be again, profecuted for the fame offence fiy any former a£l; and that fuch offender, who (hall be profecuted for the penalty given by any former adt, (hall not be profecuted again for the fame offence by virtue of thisprefent •adt,* or any thing herein contained, ir u cat r XXXIX. And9 for the more <_ any fucbSi. ** further ena&ed by the authority ; ritnous li- fi>0 ©ri perfons who (hall have delivered or lold any. quors (hall, ipiritoous liquors to any fuch diftiller, re&ifier, or^cqropounder before any in. xti Britifly made fpirituous liquors, or to any fuih dealer in lpt-been lodged43 r*tuous liquors, contrary to the true inteqt and meaning of the again# him, fold before-recited adl of the nineteenth year of hiSf prefent tty-inform again® jefly, ihall, before any information hasbeenr lodged agaifift Mmo, *h5,.b^Cr*.rC Tier, or them, fpr fuch offence, difeover and inform ggainfttbe perfon or perfons who received or bought, or 'who. procured

dull himfelf be indemni

fied*

Digitized by

iyfli.J Anno jtfcefitno prlrao Georgii III. c. 55.’	341

«d or employe^ any .other to receiye or buy for him, her, or them, fuch Britijb made fpirituous liquors as aforefaid, every fuch petfon, io d Hoovering and informing, lhall thereupon be iifcbargedand indemnified from all penalties to which, at the time of fuoh information .given, he might be liable, for pr by seafon of fuch his own offence.

XL. Jbd whereas, byan aB	made inthe Jaft feffion of parliament, Recital of *0

{intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty additional duties Geo< 3» ?*£• upon malt, and upon low wines and fpirits made for home cqn- iS’ , fumption, and upon foreign fpirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the .produce of the faid feveral duties; and for granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all perfons trading in, vending, or felling of, coffee, tea, or chocolate,) certain ql-Itmaces were	direBedto be made.and	paid to brewers

makers of beer and alt far fate, in manner as in and by the /aid	it

particularly mentioned and preftribed:and whereas the payment of tbtfe allowances, at the times and in the manner therein dlrt&ed, bane been found very inconvenient and burthenfome, and the entitled to fuch allowances are thereby greatly delayed in receiving the feme; fir remedy thereof, be it enafted by the authority afore-Jiud, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufaod part of the iforen hundred and. eighty-one, the feveral rules and directions* faid ad rein the faid a&.prefcribed for payment of the laid allowances, (hpll Pea*ed« ceafe, and.be no longer obferved; any thing in the faid aft npt-arithftanding.

XLI. And it is hereby, further enacted by the authority afore- When the allaid, That, from and after, the laid fifth day of July, one .thou- lowance on fend (even hundred and eighty-one, the feveral refpeftiveallow- Serorale ” ances upon each barrel of beer or ale brewed by the common brewed by the brewer or maker of beer or ale for fale in Great	,	by	the	common

laid aft given and made, (hall, from time to time, be fet off or brewer, <h»Jl .allowed out of the monies payable by every fuch common- n,a“c* brewer or maker for the duties charged on the beer or ale by them wfpe&ively brewed; proof being firft made by oath, or by affirmation, if the party be a known quaker, that the beer, or ale, for which any fuch allowance (hall be claimed, was brewed Cnee the thirtieth day of	May,one thoufand feven hundred and

eighty, (which oath or affirmation the colleftor, or other perfon appointed to receive the faid duties, is hereby required and im-powered to adminifter,) and fuch allowances (hall be made at the.time when, fiich duties are by him or them refpeftively paid; which faid allowance, io to be made and fet off as aforefaid, the refpeftive couuniffiotaers of exdfe are hereby authorized. to mhke, and-allow accordingly*

&LII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafled by The money authority -aforefaid, That whatever fum or fums of money showed to duff he fa allowed pr let off as aforefaid any fuch brewer, or brewertww* maker of beer or ale for (ale, (hall.he. replaced to the duties on to bereplactd* beef or ale out of the firft monies that (hall arife and be received bom and opoa account. of the additional, duties on malt, by v ?	A a 2	the

34*

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii HI. 0^55. [1781.

the faid aft Impofed, In preference to all Other payments whatever.

This aft not XLIII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That to abridge the nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to powers of the extend, to take away or leflen any of the powers or authorities excife officers. heretofore given to the officers of excife, and for the inland duties, by any law or laws now in force relating to the faid duties. All the	XLIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

powers, &c. That all and every the powers and authorities, directions, rules, formerafts methods,’penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, rtUxingtothe	m	and by an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign

revenue of of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An aft for taking awcj excife upon the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights beer, and o- fonnee^ and purveyance; and for fettling a revenue upon bis Majtfy fluH beappli- *n ^ieu thereof,) or by any other law now in force relating to his ed in execut- Majefty’s revenue of excife upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are log this aft. provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, for fecuring, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collefting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detefting, and punifhing frauds relating thereto, (other than in fuch cafes for which other pentl-ties or provifions are preferibed by this aft,) (hall be exercifed, praftifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collefting, mitigating, adjudging, afeertaihing, recovering, and paying the feveral duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

“Penalty on af- XLV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforeto!, faulting offi-: That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall aflault, refill, op-cers m execut* pofe,tnolefl, or hinder, any officer or officers of excife in the due ing t us a . execution of the powers or authorities given or granted to fuch officer or officers by this aft, every perfon or perfons fo doing fhall forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum offifiy pounds.

Penalties and XL VI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, forfeitures Thatallfir.es, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this ad, covered an?* be feed for, recovered, or mitigated by fuch ways,.means, applied. and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be feed for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of cxcit, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of bis Majefly’s courts of record at IVeJlminfler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotlkndj refpeftively; and that one moiety of cveiy fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, bis heirs and fucceffbrs, and the other moiety to him or them *ho

*.... (hall difeover, informyor fee for the fame.

judgements of	XLVII. And be it further declared arid enafted by the ax-

oommiiEaners thority aforefaid. That all judgements of the commiffionm^

'	cxcifej

1781.] Anno viceflrho primo GboROii III. c. 55,	343

excife, or juftices of the peace within their refpe&ive jurifididi- df excife, or ons* for the condemnation of any commodities, goods, or ef-juftices of fefts* feiztd as, forfeited under this or any other a€t or ads of P«ace* in con* parliament relating to the duties of excife, or other duties under ^dSable1 °* the management of the commiflioners of excjfe, fball be, and goods, (hall be (hall be deemed and taken to be, a$ final $nd conclufive, to all as final as any intents and purpofes whatfoever, as any judgement for the con- fuch judge-demnation of any commodities, goods, or effects given in his £!5nJ.,n the Majefty’s court o£ exchequer..	Exchequer.

XLVIIL Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enaded and judgements of declared, That fuch judgements of the commiftioners of ex- commiflion-ciie, ?nd juftices ,of the peace refpedively, (hall be fubjed and liable to appeal in all cafes in which any appeal is by any ad or cer*Mn cafes, afts of parliament given or allowed ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XLIX. And it is herebv further enabled by the authority Limitation of aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or aftion*. times, be fued or profecuted for any a<5t or thing by him or them done or executed by virtue or in purfuance of this or any other aft or ads of parliament relating to the duties of excife, or inland duties, fuch adion or profecution (hall be commenced within the fpace.of three months next after the ad or thing done, and which (hdll be fued in the proper county; and fuch Perfons feed perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give jjj.® this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their de- other tft^e-fence; and if afterwards a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant taring to ex-or defendants, or the plantifF or plantiffs, in fuch adion or fuit, cife duties,

(hall difeontinue his or their adion, or be nonfuited, or judge-mentftull bc given againft him or them on demurrer or o-®en€ra ue> tberwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall, have treble and recover cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch fuch plantiff or treble cofts-pbintiffs. .	.

L. And whereas by an aft, made in this prefent fejfton of parlia- Clatufe for nent, (intituled, An ad for granting to his Majefty an additio- ^dbfymga nalduty upon the produce of the feveral duties under the roa- ™ . ^/ofthe nagementof the refpedive commiflioners of the excife in Great prefent’feffion. Britain-,) it was, among ft other things, provided, That nothing in the *

/aid eft contained Jbould extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge with the additional duty thereby granted the produce or\ amount of the duties upon fondles made in Great Britain: and whereat by one other aft, made in the nineteenth year of his faid prefent Majefty s reign,

(intituled, An a& for granting tQ his Majefty additional duties upon the produce of the Several duties under the management of the refpedive commiftioners of the cuftoms and excife in Great Britain,) it was, among ft other things, provided, That nothing in the faid a8 contained Jbould extend, or be conjbrued to extend, to charge with the additional duty thereby granted the produce or amount of the duties payable for tallow candles rand whereas it zvas the meaning and intention of the faid before recited a8% made in this prefent fef-fan of parliament, that the exemption of the additional duty of five founds. pet Centum Jbould extend only to tallow: tandlgs made in

A a 3	Great

344

AnnO vicefimo ptifrio Georoii III. c. 5	[178*^

Great Britain, in like manner as the exemption by the Nineteenth year of bis prtfent	reign toes promdtddndnkB,

and the word Tallow teat, through rnfiake, omitted to in the /didprovtfo: now, for corroding and amending the frit) mi (fake, be it further enafted and declared by the authority afbrefaid. That by the word Candles in the (aid ad, made in this prefent feflion of parliament, was meant Tallow candies only; and that from and after the paffing of this prefent a6ty the produce and amount of the duties on all candles made hi Grkat Britain, (except tallow candied,) flnlf be liabld tdj add fhaFt be charged with, the Bid additional duty of fire pounds per Centum, impofed by the faid aft of this prefent feflion Of pat* (lament; any thing in the faid ad to tho contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. LVI.

Aft	aft for granting to his	an additional duty upoti

• nacksprinted on one fide of any one [beet or piete if papet\ dfti for allowing a certain annual out of the fold duly to each if the univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the MMf heretofore paid to the faid uriiverfities, by the, company of Of the city of London,	for the privilege of printing alinMatiS.

Preamble; "1X7 H E R E A S almanacks, printed on one fide only Y v [beet or pieee of paper, are not	to the fame ditties as on

impofedon Other printed almanacks, by rtafote whereof grout have been praftifed, to the injury of the fair traded, and the of bis Mayefly's revenue; therefore we, your Majefty's dutiful loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament ojemblti, do mofi humbly btfieth your Majefiy that it may be	add	be

it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this prefent parliament aflemfoled, and by the So* From the paf- thority of the fame. That, from and after the paffing of this fifi8 *bis aft, there lhall be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, throughout tlonalduty t*,e *“ng^om °f Great Britaunto and for the ufe of his Ma-ofsd.ro be jefty. h‘s heirs and fucceflors, for every stlmahdcfc or calendar,

Said for every for one particular year, or for any time lefs than a year, printed icet alma- on one fide only of any one ftieet or piece' of paper, over and ?n Great"1*™ a^K)Ve the duties now charged thereon, an additional duty tsf Britain. two-pence; and for every almanack or calendar fo printed, and made to ferve for feveral years, the faid additional duty fsr every foch year.

New duty to II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefrid, be under the That, for- the better and more effectual leVying, collefting, ttri management paying the faid additional duty lit tein-before gt anted, the (ant miffionersVor ^e under the government, care, and management, of the ftamns. commiflioners for the time being appbintfcd to manage the da* tics charged on (tamped Vellum, parchment, arid paper, tabu, or the major part of them,, are hereby required Und impodend O'	■	-.	to	|

Digitized by Looq le

1^81.J, Aijpo viccfioio prim*) Geo^qii III. C.56.	34$,,

tq.$ppJojrthe, necefiarvofficers v»n<ier itpm,.fgr that purpofe; and to caufe fuch new (tamps to be prqvjded, W denote toe fai ditty as IhsU be reqnifite in that behalf;'apd to do all otlfer things, naeeffary. to be done for putting tills aft in execution, witfv relation ,g fajd dutyheyein-beforegrajited, in the like, and in. W full find ample manner* as they, or the major part ojt 'tew* are authorized to put in execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the aptho- Commifiwn-rityi sforefaid. That, to prevent the multiplication ofdemps or «! n^y pro-*Wm&iW?9nfbeet or piece of paper, upon which alma- I'^e 0Tlc ne? nacks aye to be printed, and upon which feveral duties aye by,thermal feveral afts of parliament impofed, it (hall and may be lawful, dutfei;

for the faid comroilfioriers, inhead of the dihinft damps 91; marks direfted to be provided to denote the feveral duties on hick (Jheet or piece of ferper, upon which almanacks are to be printed, to ca,ufe one n^w damp qr. mark to be provided, to denote ‘the faid federal duties,

IV.	And he it further enafted by the authority, ^forefaid, and may alter That fjuch damp «r mark, as the faid coouniflipnecs arc hereby “*«“*• direfted and authorized to provide and ufe, (hali and mayfeeal-

tered and renewed .in, fuph. manner 9s any othey flumps or ktswks on vellum, parchment, or paper, aye, by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper,^dirfi4*4 to he altered and renewed.

V.	And it is hereby, further ensued, by the aitfhflrity sfpp%- All

fa'nf. That every alfnapaek pr calendar fhpll be printed ip fuftito be primed, manner, that fctme part of fuch printing (ball be upon the dpuap 1,1 fut^,jtn,a“Z qt mark which (hall, in purfuarjee of this aft, be impyefled up- of the^nnt-oa the paper whereon the Came (hall be printed; and if any >ng (hail be peyfcm qr perfans (hall, from and after the gaffing of this aft, on the ttamp. print, or caufe to be printed, any alipao^ck or calendar other-wife than as aforefaid, or (hall fell, or expofe to fale, any Cuph aimapack, before the paper whereupon fuph almanack lbpU he printed (hall have been duly marked, and uppn which the dgfpp or mark herein-before direfted to be impreffed, at the rime qf fuch fale, (hall be plain and vifihle, th?t tlven every perfon fa of- Penalty , fending (hail, for every offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds,	;

to he levied and applied as U direfted by the feveral featpp laws now in force.

VI.	And whereas great frauds are	by	perfms	effiwg	Penalty on

the damps on alwsnqch, which they pretend have been cift	felling alma-

fuch almanacks, for the gre4t.tr convenience of framings piaffing tpe nackswith the fame; be it therefore enafted and declared by the authority tbeTemother-aforefaid, That if any almanack or calendar (hall be fold, or e*- wife than wa» pofed to fale, with the (lamp affixed thereto in any other man* done at.the

- ncr than as the fame (hall have been imprefled upon the paper ft»»f <®te* at the damp-office, that then every fuch almanack or calendar ihali be deemed an undamped almanack, and the perfon or pef-fons felling, or exposing the fame tq fale, fttfll he fabjsft aqd

A a 4	.	liable

Google

Perpetuil almanacks not to be charged w ith more than three years duty.

AH provifions, penalties, See. prescribed or inflicted by former a£h relating to (lamp duties, (hall be in force in execution of this aft.

Penalty on perfons counterfeiting any (tamp, or felling any almanack, Sec. marked with a coan-teifeit damp.

Preamble.

Anno viccfimo prlmo Georgii III. c. 56. [1781.

liable to the fame penalty a$ they had if fold, or expofed tofrf^ an undamped almanack.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the autho-

rity aforefaid. That nothing in this adt contained (hall be con-ftrued to extend to charge any calendar or perpetual almanack, or any other calendar or almanack, with more than the duty that would be payable by this aft, in cafe fuch almanack traV made for three years only.	J

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That alljpowers, provifions, articles, claufes, penalties, forfeit tures, diltribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all othermiff-J ters and things, preferibed, inflidled, or appointed, by any farmer adt or adts of parliament relating to the ftamp-duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, and not hereby altered* (hall be in full force and effedt with relation to the rates and duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, colledting, and fecuring the faid rates and duties according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feverally and refpedtively been herein enadted with relation to the rates and duties hereby impofed.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid* That if any perfon, from and after the palling of this adt, (hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any (tamp or mark to refemble any damp or mark diredted or allowed to be ufed by this or any other adt of parliament; or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreflion of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Majefty his heirs and fucceflbrs, of the faid duty hereby granted; or (hall utter, vend, or fell, any paper or almanack, with fuch counterfeit (tamp or mark, knowing the fame to be counterfeit; or (hall privately or fraudulently ufe any (tamp or mark, diredted or allowed to be ufed by this or any other adt of parliament relating to the ftamp-duties, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, of the faid duty; every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidted, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X.	And whereas the power oj granting a liberty to print almanacks^ and other books, was heretofore fuppofed to be an inherent right in the crown: and whereas the crown bath, by different charters, under the great feat, granted to the univerjities of Oxford and Cambridge, among other things, the privilege ofprtnting almanacks: and whereas the univerjities did demife to the company of Jlationers of the city of London, their privileges of printing and vending dlmanacU and calendars, and have received an annual Jam of one tboufani pounds and upwards, as a confederation for fuch privilege: and whereas the money fo received by them has been laid out and expended in promoting different branches of literature andfcience, to the great incr 'cajt of religion and learning, and the general benefit and advantage cf theft realms; and whereas the privilege or right of printing ohni*

•	.	noth

Digitized by Google

1781.] Art no vlcefimo primo Georgii III. c. 56.	3+7

nocks has been, by a late decifittn at law, found to have been a com-	.

men righty over which the crown had no controul, and confequenity thb•	.

umve/ftties no power to demift the fame to any particular perfon or body of meti% whereby the payments Jo made to them by the company of fiationers have ceafed and been discontinued y be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the* twenty-out of the fourth day of Juney bne thoufabd feven hundred ahd ^ighty-duties granted one, there (half be ifilied, paid, and applied, ill every year, out by of the monies which (hall arife by the duty herein-before gfcmt-	a

cd, the fums of money following, to the two univerfiries of (fc-year to the ford and Cambridge; that is to fay, the fum of five hundred' univerfity of pounds to the univerfity of Oxford, and the fum of five hundred'	and	:

pounds to the univerfity of Cambridge; which faid feveral and* Cambridge t refpeftive fums of money (hall be, and are hereby charged upon tQ ^ the duty herein-before granted, and (hall be paid thereout year- half yearly, at Jy and every year, at the two ufual feafts; that is to fay, the Midfummer raft of the nativity of Saint John the baptift, and the birth of and Chrilt-our Lord Chrifi; the firft payment to be made, on the feaft of ma1, the birth of our Lord Cbriji after the palling this aft, by the receiver general of his Majefty’$ (lamp-duties, free and clear of all fees, dues, duties, taxes, and deduftioris whatfoever, unto the chancellors, matters, and fchobrs, of the faid univerfiries of Oxford and Cambridge, and to be received by the hands of the vice-chancellor of each univerfity refpeftively, or by fome perfon or perfons duly authorifed by each refpeftive vice-chancellor, under his hand, to receive the fame, to and for the foie ufeand benefit of each of the faid univerfiries j and the receipt * of the vice-chancellor of each univerfity, or of the perfon or * perfons duly authorized, as aforefaid, by him to receive the fame, (hall be a fufficient receipt to the faid receiver general of the (lamp-duties, and (hall be allowed by the auditor and auditors of the impreft, and all other perfons Concerned in palling his accounts, as a full and fufficient difeharge for the making fuch payments out of the aforefaid duty. „

XL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Duty to be That the faid duty herein-before granted (hall be paid from paid to the time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time neralVoftfe' being of the duties on (tamped vellum, parchment, and paper; ftamp duties: who (hall keep a feparate and diftinft account of the faid duty, and pay the fame (the neceffary charges of railing, paying, and and by him accounting for the fame, and alfo the fum of one thoufand paid into the pounds, herein-before direfted to be paid to the two univerfiries cxc c*ucr» of Oxford and Cambridge, being firft thereout dedufted,) into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as any former duties on (tamped velluta, parchment, or paper, are .direfted to be paid: and that in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt (hall be provided a book or books, in which all the-monies arifing from the faid duty, and paid into the faid receipt ' as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatsoever j and the. find money, fa paid into

the

34#

and carried to the (inking fund.

Perfont fucd in execution of this aft, may plead the gen aril! dJUe,

Ango vtcefimapdm^G^oWSiI IH« C. $7.pjftt, the laid reaeipt of thf ex^hapier^lhall he cwifi-to gjnl infot*. part of the fund con^maol_y called ^

XXL And it is hereby, ena&ed by the authjftfity, WRr laid. That if any penibnor perfoos (hall at any tine, or fued or proliscufod for any thing, by bin or weth. dqJbf t^r ojfe* cuted in. puduance of thfs-.acSV, or of any matter of thip" »«•**“ a£t .contafuedj'Tnch per Ion or perlpns (hall surd may general iijoe, and give tbe Special matter in’eyidtnc* tpefeis qc

and rKover treble CoiU.

ur	Afiyi gift* ruw apwvMar tunuvi in' vy***^*#^ v«K

their defence; and if upon tbe trial a vendiSt (hall pads (pr Ue. defendant or defendants, 9c the plaintiff of plaintiffs. QtyQ'.hf

come npnlhited, then fuch defendant or defendants (half bsg, treble calls to him or them awarded againff fiiPD plmtUiffoc plaintiffs.

CAP, LVIf.

An a& ft>c granting to his Majelji a certain {Um of monex votjotdR finking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mei^kteqi’for the far rice of the yearone thou rand (even hundred and eighty*' for ftrtbes appcopri*lfo»g tbelbppkee granted ii* thUfoflMW %

mm,,

PrehmbTe.

Towards1 raiihig the f^ppiy. 1*741, yin/. n. %d< fid out of the inking fond, for this ftpiifca^f the caroepft year*.

b« iflued by tl>e treafury accordingly. Tstafury impqwered tCM fum of i»74*>9i*/• xs*id. or any part thereof, by loan* or c#_ bills, on the credit of the (inking fond, ATI perfpn? who flraH lei money upon tbe credit of this aft to have a tally of Hoop, with for repayment of the money, wkb intaoeft. Orders to be regiftovot m courfev ( Noundue preference to be given in pavopent* No fee tfi^,

with coils and incapable ot hts office. Auditor, See. neglefting Umsw^ fcable to aftioft for damages, and coia, to be recovered at No undue preference in the rendering, where order* ase b«9Mg^stt|pft%ai day) nor it febfequent orders are .paid befqvc others not brought iiacpnfo fo as money be re/erved for tbe preceding orders. Power '1* tflismm\ by indorfement to be entered by the auditor without fee and fb twSap qa* ties. If it (hall be judged more advifeabfo, the trsafaey may nab tfoid fum by exchequer bills uritead of loans) and the fcnifo ha fqch Caiqjp bt made in the manner preferibed by the land tax aft Ql this	M

advantages and penalties in tbe land tax aft of this feflion, rtladhe to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorifed to be made forth, estmoie this aft. The fsid exchequer bills, intered, and charges^ are to foreni

out of the (inking fond. EankautborHcd to food *0 Im*|Snl»

of 1,74ai&i%L u- id. notwithftanding an aft of 5 and &GuL <

The fum of 188,346 /. 19/. %d. furplus of the finking fund, on Jaa. gtsylt; 757,087 /. 17 /. 10 a. of the faid furplus on April 5,1781313*70*/. itX ioi.

ay. remaining in the exchequer, on April 5,1781, of the ti 4x3,000/.,remaining of tbe dpties on wines, granted in Qco, »i jg^rif remaining of the dories on glafis, granted m 19 Goo,*.

%g, remaining in the exchequer, ftibjeft to the difpoGripn oFpf **

400,000 /. out of the balances remaining in the hands of eart" prefentative of George Grenville deceafed, William lord JUchard lord Howe, and of fir Gilbert Elliot foprefentatite 1 Elliot deceafed, late treafurer of the navy. Sec. John. Powell 1 ing executor of Henry lord Holland deceafed, Caroline lady reprefentative of Charles Townlhend deceafed 5 of Frederick and of Georre John Cooke, and Charles Molloy reprcfrntatSw* Cookdecpaied \ and of aba bonoonkle Tkomot Xownfocnd^ nritlifof • ,	Georp

Digitized by v^ooQie

i ?#>.} :	Anno	vlMfimopnrtiioGSMtOiii	IBv	e.	57.

Cooke decehfed; late paymafiets g/Theral of the forces* Ac* 18,7*3/. »j#» ziA reaming in the hands of fir William Howe; kite commander ,in chief ito Amcno*. i,jerfL 14/. in the hands of the executors of Zachary . Phifip Foonereau efqune, Ac. 000tracer for furnifoing Gibraltar vfifh . pfovifions from May ra* 17*7. t6 Jan. 17* 1779*	M48/. */. 0^ 1 y., in .

the hande of Thonha* Ramify efooire; executor of John Ricbtadfon jef- . quire* agent to oot-pdnfaner* of ChcUh* Hofpital from Deo. * &1 to June 24#1774. 77s/. 8j. 6d, 17. in the hands of fir William fitfkan * as r qdarterwBHmer general of the fordes fronfc Doc. aj* 1778. to June 30,1779« aad ceruln monies to he paid ioto the exchequer by the Baft India 00m- * pany; m diftfaarge of the daxme of the publick fo the net profit# at homo before May 1, tyis* atd alio the duties on Gum Senegas and Gum Ara- , Wfcj fiwvaf April 5* to April 5, xytv fhall.be applied toward* making gaud the AlppLy* . A fnm not exceeding 51*7471. *?;> 6*/« out of the . firings Of the fume granted for augmenting thi forooe4	aemmn-

fog ef IfVy-mbriey, lee. for 17791 and 14,379/* 8V. k>4 -<Htt of the facings of grants for the pay of infantry | fhaH be afppliedtnwards defraying r the extraordinary expcnces of the find- forces, Ac. from Jan^ 31, 1780#. • to Feb. f, 1781. ‘fhe monies arifirtg by the land tax, malt (ax, lottery -aft, Ihint* V(*500,000/:) farther loans (1,900,600/.) Bank* agreement, fs^OoaOoo/i) rote of credit (1,000,060/.) *88*346 /* 19/. %d. remaining . in the cxchtqUtr on Jan. 5* 1787, of the furplaffa erf the finking fund;' 797^087/1171# tod. remain mg on April 5, 178!, of the fatd furplofies# 23*768/; ws. iod. %q remaining of the two feTenths excite; 40*000/. tt~ mfcifting of thi duties on ekiet* granted in 18 Geo. a. cfiyeoa/* remain* Ing of tbt duties Oh glafs, granted in 19 Gtto. *, 16,879#'	'8^*	27.	re**

OMtNmtg April 5,1781* Ac. 400,000 remaining in the bends of the late. tieafurdfa of the «*ty> Ac* and* late pdyixaftcrs general of the forces, Ac* 18*7x14 13/. ti</. iOSM hands of thecbrnmafidcr in Chief in nerthAinerica* 1*357* 14* in the hands of the dontra&or for provtfienl forQibrakar. 8*848/* iJl 17. m the bands of the agent to out-penfioners of Chelfea Hofei* tab m 77s/. St.6d. %q. remaining in the bands of the quarter matter gemfolof the forces 5 alfe certain nfenies to be paid Into the exchequer by thelaft Indih company; fucfi morvica as (hall be paid into the exehe-. qocr between April 5,iy8i, arid April, 5, 178s, ot the produce cff the odfiscdo Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic; and 1,743,91a/. si. a if* by this aA'granted on* of the furpluffes of the finking fond ; together With the amity arifing froht the fale of French prices taken before the dedaratfon of tar; aad alfo faeh foms of mdnfey as his Majcfty (hall dir*& to be ap-piim to the publick ftrvice, which (hall ariie out of the fale of the ceded dfoadein the Weft Indies« (hall be applied to the tries following: 5,736*277/1 ytK. towards nasal (ervices; 3**0036006 towards payihgoff the navy debt; 58718*4/. xii. 9 d. for the chtfgw of the offioe of ordmanee* for 1781; 4977*8*4 4/. 6dt for dittos not provided for in 1780 \ m^Utoqt y r. 4d. for ditta^ler 1781, exdufive of the former eflivnate9 7,7*3,911/. 4;. ud. to>* wfMemfonfailiing the land forcthi fee. ef which 11*49,774/. 8*. fo^ the charifcsof 39*666 tfk&ilc men, incihcUng officers, and 4,113 inrafidi, for guards, garrifons, Ac. in Great Britain* Ac.; 1,488,9^7/. for forces and garrifons in Africa, and the Eaft Indies, Ac. 42,917 /. 16 /. for general, and general ftaff-officers in Great Britain; 56,074/. 19/. 4 d. *4. for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca; and for pitmfions for three of the faid battalions at Gibraltar, for the year 1781; 3671*03/. 9/. xoif. for 13,472 troops of Hefie Caflel, Ac. 39,597/. 1 /. 11 d. ul for two regiment9ofHanau,Ac. 17,498 /. 3/. 2 d.^q. for a regiment of ffcldeck, Ac.; 93,947/. 151. 8d for 4,300 Brunfwickers, Ac. 39,644/. 14/. j4. for 1,447 troops of Brandebourg Anfpach; 16,630/. 11/. yd. iq. for mfttnr, Ac. of Anhalt Zerft; 49,373 /. 17 /. 1 d. for provifions for foreign troepsfenring in America; 6,463/. 8/. $d> 3q. to make good a deficiency in the films voted for the troops of Hefie Caffe I, for 1780; 27,683 /. 14/. for de-tnfoi* the charge of artillery for foreign troops, for 1781; 671,457 /. 15/. for d&aying the charge of the militia in South Britain, Ac. for 1781; 99,679/. 13/. 4</. for the defraying the charge of cloathing for militia in *8/11; 79/759 A for reduced officers of land forces Ac. for 1781; 596/. 4r.

*4

Digitized by ^.ooQie

Anno vJcefih&o primo Georgti I If,* * 57.	[1781.

%d. to thetwotrooprof borfe guards reduced, Sec. 91,60+1 7 s. 1 d to "the out-penGoners of Cbtlfea hcrpital; 117,608/. 6/, 8 d. for 80 independent companies of foot, See. 6,010/. 3/. 9<£ for additional companies, dec. •of militia in South Britain, tor 1781; 8,451/. +s.%d. to make good the deficiency of pay of the faid additional companies, for 1780. 1,107/. i6s, 4d. to make good a deficiency for paying lord John Murray’s regiment of iootj 31351,589/. 131. 4^.1^. for extraordinaries of land forces, Sec. from Jan. 41,1780. to Feb. v, 1781. i,06o,000/. for paying off the exchequer bills made out by virtue of the vote of credit of lad feffion; 1,500,0*0/. for paying off other exchequer bills of laft feffion 4 1,900,000/. for paving off further exchequer bills of laft feffion;	*2,222/	to	make	good to. his

Majeity the like fum iffued in purfuance of the addrftTe* of the houfe of commons; 36,207/. 41. yd. towards carrying on the buildings at Somerfet Houfe; 80,000/. for relief of the Gifferers in laft Oftobert in Barbadoes,and 40,000/, for the relief of thofe in Jamaica; 5,099/. sor. yd. foriiipport-ingthe civil eftablifhment of Nova Scotia; 1,986/. for the civil eftablirlh-roent of Georgia; 3,950/. for the civil eftabliffiment of Eaft Florida\ 3,900/. for the civil eftablifhment of Weft Florida; 3,150/. for the civil efta-blifhmeut of the iftand of St. John; 107/. for defraying expences attending furveys in North America; 13,000/. for maintaining forts on the coaft of Africa; 4,994/* «7r. 6d. on account of new roads, &c. in thp highlands of Scotland; 57,910/. is/, for relief of American civil officers, &c. 8,000/. for affixing the Levant company; 20,671 /. iu.6d. for making compenfation for certain lands. See. near Chatham; 13,45*/. 17/. ^or making compenfation for certain lands near Sheernefs, See. 148/. 18/. for making compenfation for certain lands, Sec. near Tilbury Fort; 15,487/. 17/. paid to Duncan Carppbell, for maintaining convifts, Sec. 10,000 L towards rebuilding Newgate; 25,000/. toward repairing the King’s Bench and Fleet prifons; 5,200/. to certain fufferers in the late infurreftions; 30,999/. ns. %d. to make good the deficiency of a fund to pay annuities granted by an aft 31 Geo. a; 191,664/. 7. %d. to make good the deficiency. of a fund for paying annuities granted by an aft 18 Geo. 3; 193,6631 oj. id. %q. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an aft 19 Geo. 3; 222,745/. 4s. 6d. to make good tbe deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted in *0 Geo. 3, and 8,551/. 8/. 8 d. 3 q. to make good the deficiency of tfie grants for the year 1780. The faid aids to be applied only to the uftrs before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. None to receive half.pay, who was under 16 when regiment, Sec. was reduced, t\or unleft he did duty in fome regiment, Scc. and had no place of profit under government, nor any chaplain having a benefice, nor having fold his com-miffion, has had no commiffion fince, nor any perfcm by warrant except intitled as a reduced officer, nor to officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately difbanded in Ireland, except thofe taken off half pay in Great Britain. By ian aft 20 Geo. 3, a fum not exceeding 82,905/. %$. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus monies, above fatisfying faid officers, to be difpofed of to officers who were maimed, See. in the late wan, or to officers’ widows and children, as his Majefty (hall direft.

cap.

Digitized by

1781J Anno vicefimo primo Georgji HI. c. 58. *	351

; CAP. LVlII.

An eft for rendering more ejfeftual fo much of an aft, made in the tenth year of his Majefly's reign, intituled. An adfor appropriating a fund eftablilhed by an ad, made in the feventh year of the reigo of his prefent Majefty, “ for granting to “his Majefty additional duties on certain foreign linens im-“ ported into this kingdom; and for eftablifhing a fund for “ the encouraging of the raifing and drefling of hemp and “ flax, ” as relates to the diflributing and paying the proportion of the fund thereby appropriated for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax in that part of Great Britain called England, by applying a fum, not exceeding fifteen thoufand pounds per annum, out of the faid arrears and duties, to the purpojes aforefaid, for a time limited.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the feventh year of the reign Preamble/ of bis prefent Majefly, (intituled. An act for granting to R . . . his Majefty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom; and for eftablifhing a fund for the encou- '3* raging of the raifing and drefiing of hemp and flax), it is enaft-ed. That, from and after the firfl day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fixtyfeven, there Jhall be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, unto bis Majefly, bis heirs and fucceffors, the feveral additional rates and duties following; (that is to fay).

For every ell of foreign linen, commonly called Packing Canvas,

Spruce Elbing, or Queenfborough Canvas, which Jhall be imported into Great Britain, the fum of one farthing:

And for every ell of foreign linen, commonly called Dutch Barras, and Heflin Canvas, which Jhall be imported into Great Britain, the fluttfif one halfpenny; and after thofe rates for any greater or lefs quantity of Juch goods refpeftively, over and above all other duties im-pofed thereon by any former aft or afts of parliament:

And that, from and after the Jaid firjl day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, all foreign lawns, imported into Great Britain, Jhall be rated and entered as Silefia lawns, and Jhall pay duty accordingly; and that, from end after the faid firfl day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, there Jhall alfo be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, for every yard of foreign lawn bleached in Holland, commonly called Holland whited Lawn, which Jhall be imported into Great Britain, the fum of one penny, and after that rate for any greater or lefs quantity, over and above all other duties impojed thereon by any former aft or afts of parliament: And it is by tbe faid aft further enafted, That the money ariftng by the faid feveral rates and duties Jbould from time to time be refpeftively paid into the receipt V his Majefly*s exchequer, diflinftly and apart from all other branches of tbe publick revenue; and that a fum, not exceeding fifteen thoufand pounds per annum, arifing from the faid duties,

Jhall be kept apart in tbe faid receipt% as a fund for the encouragement



Digitized by LjOOQle

35*	Anno ticeimio prime GeoRGH III. C. 58/	X1^**

of raifing and dr effing hemp and fox in this kingdom, in fuch way and manner as parliament Jbeil thereafter dir eft \ and that the re-mainder ef the foid feveral duties Jbculd he referved in the foidje-nipt for the fotyre ddfpofiUon .of parliament: gtnd whereas by another aft, made in the tenth year of tty reign of his prefent Majefty, Recital of 10 (intituled, Ana6t for appropriating a fund eftabliflfed by an a&, Geo. 3.C. 40. |D?de in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,

' intituled, An aft for granting to his Majejiy additional duties on cer-tain foreign linens imported into ibis kingdom •, and for eflablifhing a fund for the encouraging of the raifing and drefjing of hemp and flax); it is enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to bis Majfty, his heirs and fucceffors, firm time to time and at all times thereaftery by his or their royalfign manual for that pttrpofe, and lounterfigtyd by the cemmiffiopers of bis Majejiy s, treofury for the time beings or any . three or more of them, or the high treafurer for fhe time being, to dire ft, order, limit, and appoint9 the gijlributiop and payment of the ‘	:	“	fum	of eight rtyujand pounds per annum, from the commencement of

the fdid aft of the feventh of his prefent Ajajefty, and annually after-' ' wards; or of eight fifteenth parts rf the fum and fumsef enemy which haver already grown due, and been kept apart, and flxtU thereafter grow due, and be kept apart,, for the encouragement of raifing and dr effing hemp and flax in this kingdom, purfuant to the din ft ions of the foid aft of the feventh of his prefent Majejiy; and the remaining /even fifteenths of the fold fund, appropriated for the encouragement of the raifing and drefjing of hemp and flax in that part .Great Britain called Scotland, is put wider the management of ,tty truflees and commijfmers for encouraging and promoting fijhings, nlami failures, and improvements, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland : And whereas the eight fifteenth parts of the fond fund ’ allotted■ for (he encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax, in that part of Great Britain called England, hath not hitherto been paid or appl\edfor the purpofp for which the fame was intended: And whereas there is now remaining in his Majejiy s exchequer, the fum-of forty-four thoufand /even hundred and nineteen pounds, nineteen {killings, and five-pence, referved there for encouraging the raifing and drcffmghcmp and flax in that part 0/Great Britain called England, as the proportional part direfted to be applied by the find aft of the tenth year of his Majejiy's reign, of the additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom, which were granted by an aft of ike feventh year of his Majefty's reign: And whereas,

. tf the foid aft oj the tenth year of his prefentMajefty's reign, Jo far as rffoefts the di/lribution and payment ofthe fold arrears, anaf\he the fold eight fifteenth part; of the foid fund appropriated to that •part of Greiat Britain tailed: England, was altered, and the application of the fold fund put under the management and direftion of the commijfmers for trade andplantations, in the wanner hereafter Aire fted, it would more fully anfwer the intention of thtUgifiature in Pfjfing the foid a fts: May it therefore pleafc your'Majwy that it xnay be-eqatfed ;vand be it ena&edby the-King’s moft excellent majefty, by .and with the advice and cortfent of the lords fpirit-ual and temporal, and-commons; in this prefent parliament af-

femblcd.

Digitized by

Google

y78 !•] Anno Vicefimo primo Gborgii 10. c. 58/	353

fcfribled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of Part of the re-

foe faid recited aft, of the tenth year of hrs prefent Majefty’s	^

reign, .a* refpefts the direftion, ordering, limiting, and appoint- cdC0*3-rePca *

ktg, of the diftribution and payment of the faid Turn of eight

thouftnd pounds per annum, or of eight ftfteenth parrs *of the

fufn and films of money which have already grown due, and

l>een kept apart, and fhall hereafter grow due, and be kept a-

part, for the encouragement of raifing and drefling hemp and

flax in this kingdom by his Majefty’s royal (ign manual, purfu-

ant to the direrdtions or the faid aft of the tenth of hisjprefcnt

Majefty,'(hill be, and is hereby repealed.

71. And be it Wrtfher enafted .by fheabthofity	That The dUtribn~

the diftribution and payment xtx the futn of tfight 'thoufand tion °f 8»9°o1* pounds p^r annum, from the commencement df the fold aft ef {he encou^ the feventhyear 6f his prefent Majefty, md ‘smntuflly after- ragcitientof 'wards, or of eight fifteenth parrs tiff the Turn and fums of md- raifing and

purfuarit to the Sireftions of the'find*aft ofthe tenthyear of ofxhtcom* fhis prbferit Majefty, and ev&y matter and thfng for the appro-priatioa thereof. According to the true ‘'intent'and meaning of	;

^the 1ai$ aft of tneTeyenth Of his majefty, Ihall’be, arid is here- ^ ,

‘by put uhderthe management and direftion ofthe cotnmlflidn-ers for trade and plantations, with and under fuch conditions,

'teftfiftions, and imitations, as herein-after are exprefled.

Itl. And be It.euafted by the authority aforefaid, That, for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax in that-J^^^1® part of Great Britain called England, there (hall be applied, di- for raifing 'ftributed, and paid, in bounties yearly, a him not-'exceeding hemp a ^ fifteen thoufand pounds, to be charged upon, and paid but ot,in Epgl the (aid-arrears now in the receipt “Of * the exchequer, and out of the after-produce of the faid’'duties i at the rate of three-pence T^JCrP*fCt vper‘ ftone for every ftone of hemp weighing fourteen pounds, and four-pence per ftone for ev'ery (tone of flax weighing four- for^e. teen pounds, to be raifed in that part of Great Britain called England\ in the year one thoufand ftrven hundred and eighty-two, and in every fubfequerttyear during the fpace of five years, and which Ihall be broken and properly prepared for market, to be paid to the grower, or other perfbn who breaks and properly prepare* fuch hemp and flax for market.

Iv. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the Howdwmi .grower, or perfon claiming, and who (hall be intitled to the faid ^flJaUbeUn* bounty, ftiaHfign and exhibit his claim to one of* thojdftice9 of exhibited . the, peace for the county, riding, or place, within which • the and attefted. henjpor flax' has been raifed, mentioning infuchclaim of what crop the fame is, and the farm or ground on which the hemp or . 'flax grew; and which claim (hill* be' likewife attefted by two of the. parifti officers of the fame parifh with the claimant or grower, who fhall certify that they believe the truth 6f the particulars contained in fuCh claim; add 1^hich da*mi, wheii*fo-attdft- ...........

ed.

Digitized by

Google

Perfons receiving any bounty are to give bond to the clerk of the peace* &c.

Money reco-wered how tb be applied. 1

Juflices, at‘ their Michael-mat feflions, axe to adver-tlfe tbe‘bounties, &c.

Names arid places of abode of the claimants to be publifhed, &c.

~>i * * i	i	*

Juflices to make up, yearly, a date of the claims' allowed by “ them, and ta • tranfmit tke.

t

Anno viodimo primaGEORGii III. c. 58.	[1781.

ed, the faid juftice is hereby required to counterfign, and tranf-mit to the juflices for the county, riding, or place, at their next general quarter feflions.

V.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon who (hall claim and receive any of the bounties hereinbefore grantea, (hall, at or before the time when he (hall receive the fame, enter into a bond or fecurity, (without (lamps), to the clerk of the peace for the time being, or his fucceffors, of the faid counties, ridings, or places refpeftively, with two fuffici-ent fureties, to be approved of by the faid iuftices, at their quarter feflions for the county, riding, or place, within which the Taid hemp or flax was grown, in the penal fum of treble the value of the bounty claimed and received, and of the hemp or flax for which he (hall have claimed and received the fame, with condition that fuch perfon is duly intitled to the faid bounty, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft: which bond lhall and may be put in fuit, under the orders and directions of the (aid juftices at their quarter feflions, by the clerkof the peace for the time being* agaln^ every fuch perforVof perfons as the cafe (hall require; and all fums of money fo recovered'(hall be put ipto the hand? of the treafurer of the refpeftive counties, and be applied, in the iirA place, towards defraying the charges and expences of profecutiqg* the fame, and tne other* charge*? attending the execution of this aft, and the remainder towards

f Jbb fund 9Ut of which the (aid bounties are tq be granted. *

VI.	And by .it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid juflices in each county, at their quarter feflions'at

: Michaelmas next, and at eve^ry following Michaelmas quarter fe(-fions, during the continuance of this aft, (hall, and they are hereby required to advertise and publi(h the feveral bounties by this a# granted, witji the conditions neceflary to be complied with before the fame .can be received. ’

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaidj That the faid juflices, at the faid next quarter feflions, (hall ptiblifti the names and places of abode of the perfons who have claimed the faid bounties, and the quantities of hemp or flax for which they claim, to the end that the faid juflices' may, by the means aforefaid, or by fuch other means, methods, proofs, and enquiries, as they (hall direft and judge mod fit, difeovef and be able to afeertain, againft their general quarter feflions at Midfummer in each year, the quantity of hemp and flax raifed in the county, riding, or place, and the truth of the feveral claimants’ claims and pretenfions; which claims the faid juflices, at the faid Midfummer quarter feflions, are hereby authorifed, impowered, and required, finally to fettle and determine.

VIII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid juflices (hall, at their faid Midfummer quarter feflions in each year, make up a date of the claims which have been finally fettled and allowed by them, and tranfmit the fame to the commiflioners for trade and plantations; and the (aid comtnif-fioners, on the .receipt of fuch returns from the feveral counties.

Digitized by

Google

1781.3	Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. C.58.	355

fhal! apportion the fums applicable to each county, and certify fame to tfie to the Jord high treafurer of Great Britain^ or lords com million- ^ f trad crs of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, the amount of plantations, the fums fo claimed and allowed, and pray an iflue of the whole See. amount «of the faid bounties; and the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them for the time being, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, (ban thereupon, and they are hereby impowered and required to iflue (without fee or reward) their warrants or orders to the receivers of the land tax of the feveral counties within which the faid t0 p lv™on or-hemp and flax refpe&ivelv has been raifed,’ to pay,' (without de- der of’the dudtion, fee, or reward)*on the order of the quarter feflions of quarter fef-each refpedtive county, riding, or place, the fums appropriated for fuch county; and the faid juftices, at their next enfuing quarter feflions, fhall diftribute and pay, without fee or reward, each county, the fame to the feveral perfons, or their afligns, who fhall have been found intftled to the faid bounties.

- IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadled, That Directions for the grower, or other perfon preparing hemp or flax for market, fellers,be. of and who fhall fell any quantity of hemp or flax within that part of hemPor Great Britain called England, fhall deliver to the buyer, along with fuch hemp or flax, a particular account of the hemp and flax fold, exprefling the quantity, place where it grew, and the year of its growth; and the feller in like manner fhall take of , the buyer a receipt, in writing, containing a duplicate of the quantity bought, the place where it grew, and the year of its growth.

X.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That for Juftices to the better information of the lords commiflioners for trade and plantations, the faid juftices in each county fhall, and they are fioners for " hereby required from time to time, at their feveral quarter fef- trade, be. a Cons, to make up, and tranfmit to the faid commiflioners for rta*e °f the trade and plantations, a ftate of the claims which have been and^heSr^ro* then made, and their proceedings and judgements thereupon, ccedingstbere-which the faid commiflioners fhall return to the quarter feflions upon,&c.

of each county, with fuch observations as may occur to thetp, and fuch directions as they may think neceflaiy for the better afcertaining the claims, and which diredtions the faid quarter feflions arc hereby required to obferve and comply with.	A

XI.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the oAhcq°uanfi-

faid commiflioners for trade and plantations (hall annually make ties of hemp up an exadt Account of the quantities of hemp and flax raifed, and flax raif-and of the monies prayed and iflued to the quarter feflions of	»e

the different counties, and lhall annually lay the fame before before padi/-both houfes of parliament.	ment. -

XII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it Commiflion-

fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners for trade and ers may make ^ plantations to make fuch further rules and orders for the faid furrherniles bounties, and for preventing abufes therein, as they fhall think	™

expedient, according to the true intent and meaning of this adh

XIII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch Allowances to

Vol. XXXIII.	B	b	reafonable	*madetothe

Digitized by

356

clerks of the peace.

The recited

arts to continue iu force, except where altered.

Continuance of this art.

Preamble.

Recital of 7 Anns, c. 7.

Anno vicefimo prinio Georgil III. c. 59.60. [1781.

reafonable allowances (hall be made to the clerks of the peace refpertively, for what they (hall do and perform in their refpert-ive offices for and towards the carrying into execution the pur-pofes of this act, as the juftices* at their refpertive quarter fef-lions, (hall from time to time order and direct.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enarted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid recited arts of the feventh and tenth years of his Majefty’s reign, (hall continue and be in full force in all refperts, except in fo far as the fame are hereby altered or varied.

XV.	And be it cnarted by the authority aforefaid. That this art (hall continue and be in force for and during the full term of five years from the firft day of Auguji, in the year one thousand feven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

C A P. LIX.

An art for enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of one million, far the ofes and purpofes therein mentioned.

Preamble. Upon the King's mefiage, for extraordinary expences for miitary (ervices far the year 1781. Credit of loan granted to his Majefty for r,000,0001. Treafury may raife the fame by loans or exchequer bit s, in like manner as is preferibed by the land tax art of this feflion, concern* ing loans, &c. The claufes, See. in the faid art relating to loans or exchequer bills, (except as to charging the fame on taxes granted thereby or that limit the rate of intereft) extended to the loans. Sec. to be made in purfuanee of this art. Principal and irttereft, with cnarges, to be paid oat of the next fupplies, and if fufficient f applies he not granted betore July 1782, then to lie paid out of the finking fund; and rhe monies k> lffued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. The bank rtnpowered to advance, on the faid credit of Loan, any fum not exceeding 1,000,000!. notwithftanding the art of 5 & 6. W. & M.

CAP. LX.

An aft for efiablijhing an agreement with the governor and com* pany of the bank of England, for advancing the Jutn of two million:, towards the Jupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made in the feventh year of the reign of her late Majejly Queen Anne, intituled. An art for enlarging the capital (lock of the bank of England, and for railing a further fupply to her Majefty, fqg the (cfvice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and nine, it was declare ed and ennfted, That the governor and company of the bank 0/ England, and their fuccejjbrs for ever, Jbould continue and be one body corporate and politick, and Jbould for ever have, receive and enjoy, the entire yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds therein men* tioned, out of certain rates and duties of excife therein deferibed, end fuch abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, as are therein txpreffed \ fubjeft neverthelefs to a power and condition of redemption* in that oft

contained

Digitized by Google

1781.] Anno viccfimo pricno Georcii III. c.6o.	357

contained in that behalf: And it was thereby provided and entitled*

That at any time* upon twelve months notice* after the firfl day of Auguft, which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one thonfand fevtn hundred and thirty two* and not before; and upon repayment by parliament* to the faidgovernor and company of the bank of England, or thtir fucteffors* of the feveral fums* amounting to one million fix haired thonfand pounds therein mentioned* without any deduction* difcount* or abatement whatfoever to be made out cf the faid fum of one million fix hundred thonfand pounds, or any part thereof \ and upon payment to the faid governor and company* and their fucceJfors% of all arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interejl money which Jhould tt owing unto them upon all fuch tallies, exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, which the faid governor• and company* or their fuc~ teflon* Jhould have remaining in their bands, or be intitled to* at the time of fuch notice to be given as aforefaid* (fuch funds for redemption whereof other provifion was made in the fame aft only excepted); then* and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds Jhould ceafe and determine, as by the faid aft (relation being thereunto had) may more plainly appear: And whereas, by an aft of parliament* made in the twelfth year of her faid late Majejly's reign* intituled* An a<ft to raife twelve hundred Rec*lta] of in thoufand pounds for publick ufes, by circulating a further fum aft n Ann®, ip exchequer bills; and for enabling fier Majefty to raife five hundred thoufand pounds on the revenues appointed for ufes of her civil government, to be applied for or towards payment of fuch debts and arrears owing to her fervants, tradefmen, and others, as arc therein mentioned; the before recitedprovifo or condition for determining the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds* upon twelve months notice after the faid firjl day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-two* upon fuch payments as aforefaid* was thereby repealed and made void: And it was thereby provided and enafted* That at any time* upon twelve months notice, * after the firjl day of Auguft, which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty-two* and not before % and upon repayment by parliament* to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or their fuccejfors* of the faid fum of fix-teen hundred thoujand pounds* without any deduftion* difcount, or abasement whatfoever, and upon payment to the faid governor and company* and their fuccejfors* of all arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interejl money which Jhould be owing to them upon all fuch tallies, exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, which the faid governor and company* or their fuccejforsy Jhould have remaining in their hands, or be intitled to at the time of fuch notice to be given as aforefaid* (fuch funds for redemption wnereof other prcv’ifion is made in the faid former afts, or any of them* or in the faid recited aft* always excepted) j then* and in fuch cafe, and not till then* the fold yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds Jhould ceafe and determine: And it is alfi further provided and enafted, That* from and after fuch redemption of the (aid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and from and after

B b 2	redemption

Anno vicefimo primo GeorOii III. c.6o.	[f 78f.

redemption Jhould be made by parliament of the annuity of one hundred dhd fix thoufand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen /hillingsy and five-pence, by the Jaid recited a& of the feventh year of her Jaid late Majejly's reign, fettled and payable to the faid governor and company, in the manner therein mentioned \ and from and after redemption Jhould likewife be made of the fund eflablijhed by the faid recited afl, in relation to the exchequer bills therein mentioned \ then, and not till then, the faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England jhould ceaje and determine; but, till then, the faid governor and company Jhould continue a corporation, and Jhould have and enjoy all the powers and privileges they were entitled to, as by the fame afl (relation being thereunto had), may more fully appear : And whereas by an afl of parliament, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of bis late mayefiy King George the Second, intituled. An a<St for eftabli(hing an agreement with thego-, vernor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, towards the fupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty-two ; the faid governor and company, and their fiucceffors, were dire fled to advance and pay into the receipt of bis Majefiy's exchequer, for his Majejly's ufe, the full fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, on or before fitch time, and in fuch manner, and under fuel conditions, as in thf faid afl are mentioned: And it was thereby declared and enafled, That the fiveral and refpeflive provifoes contained in the faid afls of the feventh and twelfth years of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, and each of them, and all other provifoes contained in any ether afl or afls of parliament, for determining the faid fund of one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and the faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, upon the refpeflive notices and payments in the fame refpeflive afls mentioned, Jhould be, and were thereby repealed and made void; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England, fo enlarged as afore-faid, and their fiucceffors for ever, Jhould remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politick, by the name aforefatd, and Jhould for ever have, receive, and enjoy, the Jaid entire yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, out of the faid rates and duties of excife, together with a perpttual fuccejfton and privilege of exclujtve banking as therein-after was mentioned, and all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchij'es, exemptions, privileges» profits, and advantages whatfoever, whereunto the governor and company of the bank of England, before the making of the faid afl, were intitled, by the Jaid afls of the Jcventh and twelfth years of the reign of her faid late majejly Queen Anne, or either of them, or by any ether afl or afls of parliament, grants, or charters whatfoever, then in force; all which were, by the faid afl, ratified and confirmed to the faid governor and company, and their fucceffors, freed and difeharged of and from the faid provijoes and conditions, of redemption thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforefatd, and all other provifoes, powers, afls, matters, and things whotfo-cver% theretofore bad, made, done, or committed, for redeeming,

determining% o

Digitized by

Google

359

iySn.] Anno vieefimo prlmo GeorOII III. C. 6q.

determining, or making void, the (aid corporation, or yearly fund of one hundred tboufand pounds, ana the f aid privilege of exclusive bank-ing, and all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, or any of them; fubjeft never the iejs to Jucb reftriftions, rules, and directions, and alfo to fucb other agreements, matters, and things9 as in the Jaid aCts and charters, or any of them then in force, were contained or preferibed, and alfo fubjeft to the power and condition of redemption thereafter in the jaid aft contained in that behalf: And it was thereby alfo provided and enafted. That at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the firft day of Auguft, which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one tboufand feven hundred andfixtyfour, and not before*, and upon the repayment by parliament, to the Jaid governor and company of the bank of England* or their fuccejffors, as well of the (aid fum of one million fix hundred tboufand pounds, formerly advanced, as of the fum of one million fix hundred tboufand pounds before mentioned then to be advanced, amounting, in the whole, to the fum of three millions two hundred tboufand pounds, without any deduction, dijeount, or abatement whatfoever, to be made out of the faid fum of three millions two hundred tboufand pounds, or any part thereof; and upon payment to the faid governor and company, and their fucctffors, of all the arrears of the faid one hundred tboufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interejl money which fhould be owing unto them upon all fucb tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the faid governor and company, or their fucctffors, Jhould have remaining in their hands, or be intitled to, at the time of fucb notice to be given as aforefaid,

(fucb funds for redemption whereof other provifton was made in and by the afts of parliament therein mentioned, always and only excepted) ; then, and in fucb cafe, and not till then, the faid yearly fund of one hundred tboufand pounds Jhould ceafe and determine:

And whereas by an aft of parliament, made in the fourth year of the . reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act for eftablifliLng an Q^ta ^ * agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, forraifing certain fumsof money towards the fupply for the fervice of the year one thoufapd feven hundred and fixty-four; and for more effectually preventing the forging powers to tranf-fer fuch (lock, or receive fuch dividends or annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent perfonating the owners thereof; it is recited. That the governor and company of the bank fl/*England were willing and contented to advance, towards the fupply granted to bis Majefly for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred and fixty-four, the fum of one million, on exchequer bills bearing inter ejl, to be paid quarterly; and the faid exchequer bills to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the firfi aids or fupplies which Jhould be granted by parliament for the Jervice of the year me tboufand feven hundred ayd fixty-fix; and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies Jhould not be granted for that purpofe before the fifth day of April, one tboufand feven hundred and fixty-fix, the fame to be cbarged upon, and repaid out of, the finking fund; and alfo to pay into bis Mafefty's exchequer, towards the faid fupply» the fum

Bb«s

*

Digitized by boodle

$6o	Anno	vJcefimo primo GEOROrt IH. c. 60. [cySt.

of one hundred and ten tboufand pounds, without wiy r/poymnt of the principal or allowance of interejl for the fame ; provided tbit the privilege of exclufwe banking, and, all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, Jranchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, in the faid recited, or any former, aft contained, Jhmild be granted and confirmed to the faid governor and /dmpany, in fucb \	manner	as	in	the	faid	recited	aft is mentioned : Mnd it was by tbe

faid recited aft enafted. That it Jhould and might be lawful to and for the commijfwiers of his Majefly's treafury, thin \or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treajurer for ibe time being, at arty time or times before the fiftbday of January, m tboufand feven hundred and ftxty-five, to carfeor dire ft any number of exchequer bills to be made out, for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole tbe fum of one million, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and direftions as in and by an aft of the then prefent fejfion of par-

4.Gcb c.x lament, intituled. An a6t for continuing and granting to his Ma-” jefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufatid feven hundred and fixty-four, xvere enabled and preferibed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid aft ; and the faid governor and company, and their fucceffors, were direfted to advance and pay, into the receipt of his MfeJiys exchequer, for bis Majefty s uft, the full fum of one hundred and ten tboufand pounds, on or before fuch times, and in \fitch manner, and under fuch conditions as in the faid aft art men-' tioned 5 and it was declared and enafted. That fuch part of the faid recited provision, contained in the faid aft made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, as relates to the determining the faid fund of one hundred tboufand pounds per annum, and the Jaid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, upon the notice and payments therein mentioned, Jhould be, and were thereby repealed and made void; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors for ever, Jhould remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politick, by the name afore faid, and Jhould for ever have, receive, and enjoy, the faid entire yearly fund of one hundred tboufand pounds, cut of tbe Jaid rates■ and duties of excife, together with a perpetual facceffion and privilege of exclufwe banking, las therein* cjter ivas mentioned, and all otfor abilities, capacities, powers, authori-"ties, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages what-'fever, wherennto the governor and company of the bank of England, before the making of the faid aft, were inti (led by the faid afts of the feventh and twelfth years of the reign of her faid late Majefiy Sffiiecn Atme, and the faid aft of the fifteenth year of tbe reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, or any of them, or hy any other aft or afts of parliament, grants, or charters whatfoever, then in forte ; all which were by the Jaid aft ratified and confirmedto the faid governor and company, and their fucceffors, freed and dif-charged of arid from the faid provifo and conditions of redemption thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as afore faid, and all other provifo ft, powers, ufts, matters, and things whatfotver, theretofore

bad,

Digitized by t^ooQle

ijr&i.J ABfio vjcefwno primo GeqRPTI Ilf. C. So.

Mad, made, Jonty or committed, for redeeming, determinings or mating void theJaid corporation, or yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, and the faid privilege of exdufive banking, ond all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exempt fions, privileges, profits, or advantages, or ary of them \ Juried neverthelefs to fuch rejlridions, rules, and directions, and alfo to fuch other agreements, matters, and things, as, in the faid ads and ,eta Ur s', or any of them then in force, Wire contained or prefcribed, and alfo fubjed to the power and condition thereafter in the Jaid ad contained in that behalf: And it was thereby alfo provided and enacted, That, at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the firjl defy pf Auguft, which fhtuld be in the year' of our Lord one thoufand Jeven hundred and eighty fix, aud not before, and upon repayment by parliament, to the Jaid governor and company e>f the bank f England, or their fuuejfors, of the Jaid fuup f three millions twp hundred thoufand pounds, advanced by virtue of the faid in part re? sited aCts9 without any deduct ion, dijcount, or abatement wh atfsever,

.to be made out of the faid fum of three millions two hundred tlmi-/and pounds, or any part thereof j and upon payment to the faid governor and company, and their fuccejjors of all the arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interejl money which fbculd be owing unto them, upon all fuch tallies, exchequer ordtrs, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funis, which the faid governor and company, or their fuccejfors, Jball have remaining in their hands, or be intitled to at the time of fuch notice to be given as afore faid, fuch funds for redemption whereof other provifiott was made in and by theaCls of parliament therein mentioned, always and only excepted; then, and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds fbould ceafe and determine: And whereas the faid governor and company of the 3nHn^*to ad* batik of England are willing and contented to advance, towards the vancc^two 3 fupply granted to your MajeJly for the firvice of the year one thou- millions for fand Jeven hundred and eighty one, the fum of two millions, in the feryice of manner following ; that is to fay, the fum of one million on or be- the pre'ent fore the fifteenth day of- November, one thoufand fevtn hundred ycar* and eighty one ; and the fum of one million on or before the fifteenth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two on exchequer bills, bearing intere(l at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the Jaid exchequer bills to be charged upon and repaid out of any of the aids or fupplies which Jball be granted by parUament for the fervice of the year one thoufand fevtn hundred and eighty four ; and, in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies Jball not be granted for that purpofe before the fifth day of April, one thoufand Jeven hundred and eighty four, the fame to be charged upon and re•	,	.

paid out of the finking fund; provided that the privilege of exclufiye j^clufive prU* banking, and all other the abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, vilege pf F franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, in any banking. Sec. former ad contained, be. granted and confirmed to the faid governor be confirmed, and company, in fuch manner as is herein-after mentioned: Now, we, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Grant Britain An parliaioeat aifembfed, being devout

B b 4	to

Digitized by Google

chequer bills for two millions, before April 5> 1781

362	Anno	viccfimo	prlmo	GeoRGH	III. C.60. [i78ri

to raife, with as much eafe and advantage as poflible to your fubjedls, the neceffary fupplies, and to encourage the faid governor and company to advance the faid fum of two milHions, do mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by Commiflloners the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to of thetreafury and for the commilTioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for

i^akToCutdex° l*me or any three or m(5re °f them, or tne high trea-roa eou ex- furer tjjC tjmc being, at any time or times before the fifth

day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, to caufe or diredf any number of exchequer bills to be made out for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of two millions, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and diredtions as in and by an adt of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft fa granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, fa the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, are enadted and preferibed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid adt.

All the provi- II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, ioe», penalties, That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, inCthe^3nd tax advant3ges> penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in aa 0f this fef- the faid laft mentioned adt, relating to the exchequer bills au-fion relating thorifed to be made by the fame adt, (except fuch claufes as do to exchequer charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame adt, and fuch (except char*- c^au^es as ^,m*t or relate to the afeertaining the rate of intereft cs on taxes and to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the .rate of intereft faid adt, and alfo except as herein-after mentioned), (hall be ap-and as herein- plied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfu-aftermention- ance Qf 2(c^ as fuj]y and effedtually, to all intents and pur-ihdi be appli- pofes, as if the fame had been originally authorifed by the faid edti thetx- laft mentioned adt, or as if the faid feveral claufes, or provifoes chequer bills had been particularly repeated and re-enadted in the body of this a	a.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid exchequer bills (hall bear an intereft after the rate of three pounds per Centum per Annum.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no exchequer bill or bills, to be made out

quer notVobe virtue of this adt, (hall, after the fame hath or have been current to any iftued at the exchequer, be afterwards, at anytime before the _n-a—c expiration of three years from the day of the date of fuch exchequer bill, received or taken, or pafs or be current to any receiver or colledtor in Great Britain of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax whatfoever, due or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any fuch receiver or colledlor, or from any dTfehars«r ™ other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwife thereof; or onaoy other account than for the xlifeharge and cancelling

of

purfuance of this a&. Exchequer bil s to bear intereft.

Bills iflued at

collector of the cuftoms, &c. for three years;

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1781^ Anno viccfimo primo GEoRGii III. c. 6o.	363

of filch biHs, in cafe the fame (hall be in due courfe or order of payment before the expiration of three years from the day of the date of any exchequer bill fo to be made forth 5 nor (hall any fuch receiver or colleftor exchange, at any time before the expiration of three years from the day of the date of fuch exchequer bill, for any money of fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which (hall have been iflued as kforefaid by virtue of this aft; nor (hall any aft-ion be maintained againft any fuch receiver or colieftor for neglefting or refufing to exchange any fuch bill or bills for ready money, before the fame (hall hafre been iflued three years from the receipt: of the exchequer, according to the date thereof; any thing in the faid aft made in* this prefent feflion 6f parliament intituled, An aft for granting an aid to bis Majcftj by a land toxy tot bt raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufmsd feven hundred and eighty-one, or this aft, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Exchequer. . Thar all fueft exchequer bills, together with the intereft and bills to be re- ' charges incident to or attending the fame, flidl be, and are paid out of hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be repaid or tote granted borne by or out of any of the aids or fupplies which (hall be for the year granted by parliament for the fervice of the year'one thoufand 1784.

feven hundred and eighty-four; and in cafe fufficient aids or jg> fupplies for that purpofe (hall not be granted * before the fifth fupplies are day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, then not granted all the faid exchequer bills, with the intereft and charges inci- before April dent to or attending the fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged fcjbiUa flutt and chargeable upon fuch monies, as at any time or times, at or be charged on after the faid fifth day of April, (hall be or remain in the receipt the finking of the exchequer of the furplafles, excefles, overplus-monies, and farther revenues, compofing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as (hall then be appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any aft or afts of parliament in that behalf;) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be iflued and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and afeertained, for and towards paying oflF, cancelling, and difeharging fuch exchequer bills, intereft and charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpeftive proprietors thereof.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority Monies fo if-aforefaid, That whatever monies (hall be fo iflued out of the fuedout of the faid farplufles, excefles, overplus-monies, or other revenues fining fund compofing the finking fund, fliall, from time, to time, be re- [{)eaC€® placed by and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted firft fupplies-in parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-vrithftanding.

VII.	Ana it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- The bisk to laid. That the faid governor and company of the bank of Eng- exchange for

land, mwef

Digitized by L^ooQle

364	Anno	vfcqflme priflio Geokou JJL C.^o. ,{i;8f.

all fuch bills, W, and ;tbe,ir foccflflors, Jhall, and arphereby required fo c*~ with intereft, .change for veady money, from time to tiipe, all wen of the Xaid as Hull, with- qccbeqper bilis, *s fhall, within the /pace of threg years from be ttndcredu) th* thereof, be tendered or produced to them, or their them s	cafhier or.cafbiers, for that putpgfe, jiy any perfoa or perfbas;

and /hall pay, or caufe to he, paid, to fucb perfoa or perfons,ia ready money, thp fum for which every fuch biU./q tendered or produced, wap iffued, together wifo the intereU, oftef thefiufl jrate of force ppupds ptr% tyutym pfr Annum, jwh^fofoafl be then ^due thereupon^ a^d, Avail cKC^pge in manner as^forefod fuch of the laid Ipillsas Avail h^vc:becn, from time to time, paid away or circulate! by or on tbje Jiehalf of the f^id governor and pom-pany9 or foeir fodeeffors^ and (hall, before the fai£,fi£th day of April, one thopfand fe^cn hundred-and eighty-fot^ .be tendered or produced as aforeCawi, as often as fuch cafe (hall happen; But (hall not and the fajd;gov^rnor^and company, or their ;fufxeffors, or be intitled to their agents or fervants, (hall not be imitlq4.te.jOr receive aity f"yiS»eSm^ premium, .rat£,qr allowance what foe vpr, for of. in fefpeff of the form qwhjanging cm*, circulating the faid exchequer biHs* any tbrag herein, or fo:&ny ofoer,adVpf parliament,, to the contrary not* yvithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enaefad by foe^ufoority aforefaid, In cafe (he ^hat 19 cafe, foe /aid governor ancj company of the bank of bankrefifle England, or their/uccetfqrs, or their calmer ,or:,cafoiers, lhail negleft or refofe io exchange apy fuch exchequer JbjJl or bills may bftffc*. for ready money as aforefaid, contrary to foe frue intent and vtoed* meaning of fois a#, upon demand thereof made at their chief office wifoW foe city of £qndou,for the (pace of twenty-four '	1	foours, foqn.foe perlon or per/ons demanding the fame, or the

a . ,t ipcrfop or pprfprvs for and on whofe behalf fuch demand (hail be .r r made,. (ha|l and may recover fuch money, to, his, her, or their own ufq, by a<5Uop of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit, or ia-ffonnation, h^an-y of his MajeAy’s courts of record at fVeflmn* fler, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, /hall be allowed, or any more tlvan one imparlance; in which adion, bill, fuit, or information, it (hall be lawful to declare tlvat the faid governor and cqmpany, or their fucceiiors, are indebted to the planttfF or plaintiffs the money demanded upon live laid bill qr bills, according tp the form of this ftatute, and Plain tiff in- 'have -not paid tive fame, which (lull be fufficient; and the titled tom- .plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch adlion, bill, fuit, or information, mages and fhall recover againft the (aid governor and company, and their colts.	/becefTors, not only the money (b negle<3cd or refufed to be

paid* but alfo damages, after the rate of fifteen pounds ptrCt*-ium per Annum, on fuch money, together with foil cofts of fait; k	_aqd the faid governor and company, and their focceffors, and

' ttheir faid flock and funds, (hall be, and are hereby made fub-jc£t and liable thereunto,

Theprovi- IX. And be jt father enabled by the authority aforelaid, Urnl ta^adt Tfiat the clauies, powers, and provifions, in the faid ac% made oftbUfcfcon in/his pw^^f^ffionv/pvliaracntj (iautulcd# An eiJfor tmi-

V

Digitized by Google

1/8*.] Anno vioefinaoprimo GEORGil HI. p.6p.

ing an aid to his by Majejiy a land taxy to it raiftd in Great Britain, relating to for tit fervice of the ytar ont thoufand/even hundred and eighty-one,) contractor* relating to fuch period or peribns, body or bodies politick or *?rcircula-corporate, as (hould contract, by virtue of that aft, with the chequedbflb*. high treaAi^r, or any three or more of the commifliooers of the (except as to* treafury for the'time being, for tfye circqlatmg and exchanging rate of inter-for neaejy «aoney the exchequer bills by the (aid aft authorized c**>and ot^ to be muedf ^except theclaufe for altering the rate of intereft, and fuch other parts as are varied by this aft,) Xhall extend .to (hall extend to and operate, withTefpeft to-the faid governor and company of the bank in the bank ofEngld»d9and their fucceflors, in relation to the ex- ^.at,onJ°£hc chequer bills to be made out, excliapged, and circulated, by rirtu?nf^ia virtue of this aft, .in as full and apiple manner, to all intents^* and pqKpofes, as if a cootraft in writing had been madjefor that	...	r-

purpofc *0 the manner prescribed by the faid aft, andas if the faif) claiifes, powers, and provifions, were herein IjpeciaUy re-enafted and applied to the purpofes of this aft.

And, for tbt encouragement of the faid governor and company Such Part of ef the bank of England, etnd their fucaffors, to exchange and circulate the recited the faid exchequer bills, in the manner and during the time herein-he- aft 4 Gco- U fere mentioned; and to the end the faid governor and company, and the^eOMia-tbeir fuccejfbrs, may, have a competent recompence and eonfideration mg the sufferJo doing; it is hereby declared and enafted by the authority fporatiop if . aforefaid. That fuch part of the faid recited provifion contained bank,#?, in the faid aft, made in the fourth year of the reign of his pre- rcPealtdv fent Majefty, as relates to the determining the faid fund of one hundred thoufand pounds per Annum, and the faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, upon the notice and payments therein mentioned, (hall be, and is hereby repealed and made void ; and that the faid governor and The bank to company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors for ever, remain a body (hall remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politick, ^n^oVn’oiT* by the name aforefaid, and (hall for ever have, receive and enjoy, exclude the faid entire yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds out privilege of of the faid rates and duties of excife, together with a perpetual banking, See. fucceffion and privilegeofexclufive banking, as herein-after is mentioned,and all other abilities,capacities, powers, authorities, fran-chifes,exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages whatsoever, whereunto the governor $nd company of the bank of England are, or, before the making of this aft, were intitled, by the faid afts of the feventh and twelfth years of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Anne, and the faid afts of the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majefty Kiqe George the Second, and of the fourth year of the reign of his prefont Majefty, or any of them, or by any other aft or afts of parliament, grants, or charters whatfo-ever, now in force; all which are by this aft ratified and confirmed to the faid governor and company, and their fucceflors, freed and difeharged of and from the faid provifo and conditions of redemption hereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforefaid; and all other provifoes, powers, afts, matters, arid things whatfoever, teretofore had, made, done; or committed.

Digitized by

At iny time, after Aug. i. i8i», upon 12 months notice, and repayment of the faid 3,100,0001.

and all arrears of the laid 100,0001. jger Annum,

Anno yiccfimo primo GeoROII TIL c. 6o.	[1781.

for redeeming, determining, or making void the foid corporation, or yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, and the faid privilege of exclufive banking, and all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges* profits, and advantages, or any of them ; fubjed nevertheless to fuch reftridfions, rules, and diredtions, and alfo to fuch other agreements, matters, and things* as in the faidads and charters, or any of them now in force* are contained or prescribed 5 and alfo fubjedt to the power and condition of re-demotion hereafter in this a6t contained in this behalf.

XL Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the firft day of Auguft, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament, to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or their fuccefiors, of the faid fum of three millions two handred thoufand pounds, advanced by virtue of the faid in part recited adis, without any deduction* dii-count, or abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the faid fum of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof; and upon payment to the faid governor and company, and their fuccefiors, of ail the arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per Annum, and all the principal and intereft money which (hall be owing unto them upon all fuch tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the faid governor and company, or their fuccefiors, (hall have remaining in their hands, or be intitled to at the time of fuch notice to be given as aforefaid, fuch funds for redemption whereof other provifion is made in and by one ait of parliament, made in the eighth year of the reign of his majefty King Gary the Firft, (intituled, An all to enable the South Sea company ti difpoje of the efforts in their hands by way of lottery or fubfcriptm^ir to fell part oj their fund or annuity, payable at the exchequer, in $/-der to pay the debts of the faid company ; and for relief of fuch wi; were intended to have the benefit of a late art, touching payment tf ten per Centum therein mentioned;) and in and by one other art of parliament, made in the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled. An art for granting en aid to his Majefly by /ale of annuities to the bank of England at fnr pounds per Centum, redeemable by parliament, and charged upon the duties on coals and culm; and for further applying the produce of the I finking fund, and for enlarging the time for exchanging Nevis aid Saint Chriftopher’s debentures for annuities at three per Centum, and for the applying the arrears of his late Majejly's civil lift revenues ;) and by one other adt of parliament, made in the fecond year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, (intituled, An aQfir raifing the fum of one million two hundred ana fifty thoufand pounds, \ by fale of annuities to the bank ^England, after the rate of four pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by parliament, ani{er applying the produce of the finking fund;) and by one other a# of parliament, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his fajd late

Majefty,

Digitized by v^ooQle

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGII III. c.	60.367,

Majefty, (intituled, An aft for ejlablijbing an agreement with the

governor and company of the hanlt of England, for cancelling certain

exchequer bills upon the terms therein mentioned, and for obliging

them to advance the fum of one million upon the credit of the land tax

and malt duties, granted to his Majefty for the fervice of the year one

thoufand feven hundred and forty ftxf) always and only excepted; tbc ^	-

then and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the (aid yearly fund of funcj J^aU *

one hundred thoufand pounds (hall ceafe and determine.	ceafe.

XII.	And to prevent any doubts that may arife concerning the pri- No other vilege or power given, by former obis of parliament, to the faid go- bank (hall be vemer and company, if excluftve banking, and alfo in regard to the ere^ed by treeing any other batik or banks by parliament, or refraining other Surin^the perfons from banking during the continuance of the faid privilege, continuance granted to the governor and company of the bank of England, as be- of the faid fere recited; it is hereby further enafted and declare by the au- privilege j thority aforefaid, That it is the true intent and meaning of this

that no other bank (hall be erected, eftablifhed, or allowed by parliament; and that it (hall not be lawful for anv body po- nor (hall any litick or corporate whatfoever, erefted or to be ereaed, or for £Un?ber of any other perfons, united or to be united in covenants or part- partnedhip nerlhip, exceeding the number of fix perfons,'in that part of exceeding fix Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up, any be allowed, fum or fums of money on their bills or notes, payable at demand, or at any lefs time than fix months from the borrowing thereof, during the continuance of fuch faid privilege to the faid governor and company; who are hereby declared to be and remain a corporation, with the privilege of exclufive banking, as before recited, fubjeft to redemption on the terms and conditions before mentioned; that is to fay, on one year’s notice, Conditions of after the firft day of Augujl> one thoufand eight hundred and redemption, twelve, and repayment of the three millions two hundred thoufand' pounds, and all arrears of the one hundred thoufand pounds, per Annum, and all the principal and intereft money that (Hall be owing them on all fuch'tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, (fuch funds as are before mentioned only aad always excepted,) which the faid governor and company, or their (uccefifors, (hall have remaining in their hands, or be * infilled to, at the time of fuch notice to be given as aforefaid,' and not otherwife ; any thing in this a61, or any former aft or afts of parliament, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XIII.	And it is hereby alfo enafted and declared by the au- What (hall bt thority aforefaid. That any vote or refolution of the houfe of deemed a fuf-commons, fignified by the fpeaker of the faid houfe in writing, noUce# and delivered at the publick office of the faid governor and company, or their fucceflors, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be a

fufficient notice, within the words or meaning of this aft any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Publickaft* That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pub-

lick aft; and be judicially taken notice of by all judges, juftices, or other perfons whatsoever without fpecially pleading the ' kmc.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Preamble.

Recital of 10 Geo. j, cap. j«.

3^8r	Anno	vicdinaor	prinap'Gborgii HI. c.6i.	[178^

i

CAP. LXL

A* aft to explain and mrun&fo much of an aft, made in the twentieth'year of the reign of his prefetU Majefiy, intituled, An ad to vcft certain me linages* lands, tenements, and hereditaments* in truftecs, for the better fecuring bisMajefty’s docks* (hips, tod (lores, at Plymouth and Sheemefs, and for better defending the pa (Tag e of the river 'Thames at Grauejend and Tilbury Forty as relates to the femrity of his Majtjbfs docks, Jhips, and forts, at Plymouth.

WHEREAS by an aft% made in the lafi fejfion of party-merit, (intituled, An adt to veft certain me ullages* Jam)?; tenements, and hereditaments, in truftees, for the better feeing his Majefty’s docks, (hips, and (lores, at Plymouth ^tul Sbeernefs, and for better defending the paiTage of the river Thames at Gravefend and Tilbury Fort -J certain mejfuages, lanky tenements, and hereditaments, therein mentioned to be fituate its the counties Devon and Cornwall, werey with other mej/uoges, Iqnk, UnementSy and hereditaments, fituate in the counties of Kent and Eflex, vejlod in the right honourable fir Fletcher Norton bight, and other perfons therein mentionedr, and their heirs \ in trujl never-tbelefsfor fitch perfin and perfons, bodies politick or corporate\ ecilt-fiafiiau or civil, as, at or immediately before the time of making tbt [aid aft, were the feveral owners andproprietors thereof according to their refpeftive ejtates and interejls therein, at the fame time, in ufi . fejfion, reverfiony remainder, or ctherwtfe, until fuch eflates and is• ter efts Jhould be refpeftively adjudged and determined, or poftjjjtn thereof taken by the principal officers of his Majefly's ordinance, or engineer, or other officers adding under their authority, which they were thereby impowered to do, whenever it Jhould be found nectjfarj for his Majeftys fervice, and the feveral fum or fit ms of money, end interejl for the fame, after the rate offive pounds per Centum per Annum for one year, for the grofi fum that Jhould be affiffedfor the true and real value thereof, in manner andfoim therein mentioned, Jhould be paid: and it was by the faid aft alfo enafted. That immediately after payment Jhould be made of the fum and fums of money to be aftertamed in manner therein mentioned, as the value of the right and interejl of all perjons pofifejfiei of, or inter cjled in, fuch mejfiuagts, lands, tenements, or htreditaments, unto the owners or proprietors thereof refpeftively, the faid trujlees Jlmld be deemed and adjudged to JlandfeiJed of the premifes fo paid for, to and for the uje of bis Adojejly, and his heirs and fuccefiors,for ever, freed and difcbargtd of and from all right, title, claim, and demand wbatfoever, tbet could or might be made by any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, ecclefiafiical or civil: And whereas his Majejly, by virtue of the faid aft, and the powers and authorities to him given, iffici ois commijfton, by letters patent under the great fcal of Great Britain, bearing date at Weft minfter the twenty-firjt day oj Auguft left, authorizing and impowering ccrtarn perfons therein named, or any five

Recital of his Majsfty'f letters patent, dated Aug.

• I. S7So.

Digitized by (^.ooQle

17Ji.] Ahrio vfccfimo primo Georgn III. c. Gi.

or mere oftbem, to do, perform, and execute y all power s, dir eft ions, matter s, and things, in the [aid aft contained, which by the /aid aft fuch cmmijfioners were authorized and required to do, perform and execute * and the faid oft, and commifiion ijfued in purfuance thereof have been carried into full execution, and been fully performed with refpeft to fuch mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditamentsf as ate fituate in the counties of Kent and Eflex : but whereas, m executing the fflid oft, fo far as thefame relates to thefecurity of his Mayejly's docks, Jhips9 aid /lores, at Plymouth, fome difficulties have artfen with refpeft to the deferiptton in the f aid aft given of the mejfuages, lands, tene-ments, and hereditaments, fituate in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, intended to be puribofed for better Jecurmg the docks, fbips* and fores at Plymouth afor of aid: and whereas fitch of the faid lands as are necejjary for the purpofes of the fecurity of his Ma+ jiffs docks, Jhtps, and foresr at Plymouth, have be,en Jurvoyei, meafured, and marked out, with a boundary line or lines, and are and contain as herein after mentioned; that is to fay, all thofe pieces or Defcription parcels of land, with their appurtenancies, fituate and being at Mount df certain Pleafant, in the manor andparijh^StokcDamereJl in the county of lands near Devon, hereinafter particularly mentioned, (that is to fay,) a//Plymouth. that piece or parcel of land, being part of the Mount eftate, contain-ing, by admeafuroment, five acres, three roods, thirty-five perches, and three quarters, being part of a field called Mount Field, in the tenure or occupation of lieutenant colonel Dixon, bounded on the north by Furze Park and Underhill Field, eafi by mijlrtfs Mervvn’o meadow and Mount Meadow, foutb by the fatd Mount Meadow, being all in the tenure or occupation of the faid lieutenant colonel Dixon, and by the lane hading from Stoke to Key bam Wood Fields, and on the weft by the weft part of the faid Mount Field, in the tenure or occupation of Samuel Pike!; alfo all that other piece or parcel of land\ bting the weft part of Mount Meadow, containing, by admeqfurement three roods arid twenty-eight perches* bounding On the north fide by Mount Fiekl, on the eoft by other part of Mount Field, on the fouth by an orchard, garden, and farm houfe, called Mount Farm Houfe, and on the weft by Mount Field afore-/aid i all which faid feveral pieces or parcels of land, with the abuttals and boundaries, are in the tenure or occupation of the faid lieute -natit colonel Dixon ; alfo all that piece or parcel of land, being part of Furze Park, containing one rood and thirty-fix perches, in the tenure or occupation of the faid lieutenant colonel Dixon, bounding north and weft by part of Furze Paik, in the tenure or occupation of Samuel Pike, eaft on the eoft port of Mount Field aforefaid, and fouth on the Weft part of Mount Field aforefaid, alfo in the. tenure Or occupation of the faid lieutenant colonel Dixon; alfo all that mejfu* age or tenement, farm houfe, outhoufes, yard, garden, and buildings, belonging to Mount eftate, containing, by admeafurement, one toed and twenty perches, bounding north and eaft on Mount Meadow, and part of orchard ground in the occupation of the faid lieutenant colonel Dixon, on the foutb on the road leading from Stoke to Key-him Point Field, and on the weft an Mount Field of orefdid, in the

occupation

\

Digitized by

Google

37o

Anno vicefimo primo Georgn HI. c.6l.	[178c.

occupation of the faid lieutenant colonel Dixon 5 alfo all that part of an orchard andJlable, being part of Black Pool eflatey in the occupation of the faid lieutenant colonel Dixon, containing by admeafurement ten perches, bounding on the north by the garden and Mount Field aforefaidy on the eaft on part of Mount Field afore faid, and on the other part of the faid orchardtn the occupation of mafler John Spur-rill, and on the fouth by the lane leading from Stoke to Keyham Wood Fields; alfo all that fmall part of Home Park, containing one rood and one perch, in the tenure or occupation of the faid John Spurrill, bounding on the north by the faid laft mentioned lane, and on the fouth by Home Park aforefaid; and alfo all that field or parcel of land called Lower Midway Field, fituote in the parifb cf Stoke Damerell aforefaidy containingy by admeafurement, one acre, three roods, and four perches, in the tenure or occupation of John Thornton, bounding north on Keyham Wood Fields, in the tenure or occupation of miftrefs Sufanna Croad, eaft on Upper Midway Field, fouth on a fmall inclofure taken from the lane leading from Keyham Wood Fields to Stoke, in the occupation of the faid John Thornton, and weft on the lane leading from Stoke to Keyham Wood Fields aforefaid; alfo all that other field or parcel of land called Upper Midway Field, containingy by efiimatiotty two acreSy one rood, and fifteen percheSy in the tenure or occupation of the faid John Thornton, bounding north on the faid field, called Keyham Wood Fields, in the occupation of'the faid miftrefs Croad, eaft on Lew Down, in the occupation of John Hill, fouth on the faid lane, and weft in part on Lower Midway Field, and other part on the faid fmall inclofure; alfo all that fmall piece of land taken from the faid adjoining lane leading from Keyham Wood Fields, to Stoke, containingy by admeafurementy fifteen percheSy in the occupation of the-faid John Thornton, bounding north on Lower Midway Field, and eaft on Upper Midway Field, in the tenure or occupation Of the faid John Thornton, and fouth on the faid lane\ alfo all that piece or parcel of land called Lew Down, containing together by admeafurement, two acreSy three roodsy and twenty-nine percheSy in the tenure or occupation *cf John Hill, bounding north on Keyham Wood Fields, in the tenure of occupation of the faid miftrtjs Sufanna Croad, eaft on a meadow called Wood Meadow, in the tenure or occupation ^Richard Bowhay,^ th on the faid lane, and weft by Upper Midway Field, in the tenure or occupation of the fatd John Thornton; alfo all that piece or parcel of landy being part of the head lands ^Keyham Wood Fields containingy by admeafurement y three roods and twelve percheSy in the tenure or occupation of the faid Sufanna Croad, bounding north on the faid Keyham Wood Fields, and on the eaft in part on the weft angle of Lower Midway Field aforefaidy in the tenure or occupation of tie faid John Thornton, and on other part on the faid lane leading from Keyham Wood Fields to Stoke aforefaidy on the fouth on Wood End Field, in the tenure or occupation of John Hill, and weft on Keyham Point Field, in the tenure or occupation of the faid lieutenant colonel Dixon; and alfo allthofe pieces or parcels of land fetu-ate near the manor pounds minding the manor pound in the parijb

f

Digitized by v^ooQle

37*

i;8i,] Anno vicclimo primo GeoRGII III. c. 6u

of Stoke Damerell aforefaid, berein-after particularly mentioned; (that is to fayJ all that piece or parcel of ground being part of Pound Field, or Great Broom Hall, containing, by admeafurement, four acres and twenty perches, in the occupation of Orlando Lockyer, bounding on the north in part on Quarry Park, in the occupation of Philip Richards, and on other part on Ball’s Garden, in the occupation oj Benjamin Hooper, and on other part on a lane hading from Stoke Village to Stoke Church, on the eajl on the Jmall remaining part of the Jaidfieldy and the weft tnd of Little Broom Ball Field, in the tenure or occupation of thefaid Orlando Lockyer, on the fouth in part on the north fife of the faid Little Broom Ball Field, on other part on the field called Sanfluary, in the tenure or occupation ^/‘William Afh, on other part on Horfe Park, in the occupation ^Thomas Merryfield, and weft on the faid manor pound which Jlands in the faid fields and the Tavi flock turnpike road; alfo all that piece or parcel of land being part of Little Broom Ball Field, containing, by admeafurement, two roods and thirty-three perches, in the tenure or occupation of the faid Orlando Lockyer, bounding north and weft on Great Broom Ball Field aforefaidy on the eaft on the remaining part of Little Broom Ball Field aforefaid, in the tenure or occupation of the faid Orlando Lockyer, on the fouth by the glebe land called The Sanfluary, in the tenure or occupation of the faid William Afh; alfo all that piece or parcel off land, being glebe land, called The Sanfluary, containing> by admeafurement, one acre, two roods, and thirty-five perches, in the tenure or occupation of the faid William Afh, bounding north on Great and Little Broom Ball Fields aforefaid, in the tenure or occupation of the faid Orlando Lockyer, eaft and fouth on the remaining part of The Sanfluary, and weft on Horfe Park Field* in the tenure or occupation of the faid Thpmas Merryfield; alfo all that piece or par cel of land, being part of Rox(t Park Field , containing, by admeafurement, one rood and four perches in the tenure or occupation of thefaid Thoma* Merryfield, bounding north an the faid turnpike roof, and by the Pound Field, in the occupation of the faid Orlando LockycF, eaft onx the Sanfluary Field aforefaidy fouth on the re-mainingpart pf the faid Horfe Park, and weft on round Clofe, in the tenureor ycdfatipn ofJof. Fort; pjfo all that fmall piece or parcel of bandy being part of Pound Clofe aforefaidy containing, by admpafure/nenty eight perches, bounding north and weft on the turnpike road leading from Dock to Taviftock, eaft on Horfe Park Field aforefaidy and fquth on the remaining part of the faid Pound Clofe; and alfo all thofe pieces or parcels of land hercin-afitr men-tienedyfituate and being on Stonehoufe Hill, in the parijb and manor of Eaft Stonehoufe, in the faid county 0/Devon; {that is to fay,) all that piece or parcel of land lying on the north fide of Stonehoufe Hill, being part of Middle Hill Field, containing, by admeasurement y three roods and eight percbesy in the tenure or occupation of shown* Warn, bounding on the north on garden ground called Pool Field, eaft on Eaft Hill Field, and weft by the remaining part of the Jaid Middje Hill Field, being aft in the tenure.or occupation of the faid Thomas Warn, and the fouth angle thereof to Stonehoufe Hill, in Vol. XXXIII.	Cc	the

Anpo viccfimo primo GeoRGH III. C. 6r.	[1781.

the tenure or occupation of miftrefs Sufanna Croad; alfo all that field called Eaft Hill, lying on the north fide of Stonehoufc Hill aforefaid, containing, by admeafurement, three acresf one rood, oni twenty-one perches, in the tenure or occupation of the faid Thomas Warn, bounding weft on Middle Hill Field, north on Pool Field and Kiln Lane Field, in the tenure or occupation of the faii Thomas Warn, eaft on the eaft end of Stonehoufe Hill, andfouth on the north fide of the faid Stoneliouie Hill, in the occupation of the faid miftrefi Croad; alfo all that piece or parcel of land, being part of Stonehoufe Hill aforefaid, containing, by admeafurement, five acres and fix perches, in the tenure or occupation of the faid Sufanna Croad, bounding north on the fouth fide of Eaft Hill Field, in the occupation of the faid Thomas Warn, and the road leading from Mill Bay lime-kilns to Stonehoufe, eaft on the eaft end of Stonehoufe Hill aforefaid, fouth on Mill Bay at the bottom of the Rocky Cliff, which is included in the admeafurement, and weft on the eaftfide of Eaft Hill, and the weft end of Stonehoufe Hill aforefaid; and alfo that piece or pariel of land, with its adjoining ti ff or fea bank, being part of Mount Batten Field, in the parifb of Plymftock, in the faid county 0/* Devon, containing, by admeafurement, fixteen acres, one rood, eighteen perches, and two thirds of a perch, in the tenure or occupation f Chriftopher Roufe, bounding north on the harbour of Catwater, eaft on the remaining part of the faid field, fouth on Plymouth Sound, and weft on the Channel, at the entrance into Sutton Pool and Catwater; and alfo all tbofe pieces or parcels of land, being part of the glebe land of the vicarage of Maker, fituate on the Heights of Maker, in the parifb of Maker, in the faid county of Devon; (that is to fay ,) all that piece or parcel of meadow or pafture land called Parfon’s Meadow, containing, by admeafurement, one acre and twenty-two perches, in the tenure or occupation of the right honourable George vifcount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, bounding north and eaft on Broad Park, fouth on other church lands, and weft on Parfon's Meadow aforefaid, in the tenure or occupation of the faid George vifeount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort; alfo all that other piece or parcel of meadow land, being part of Parfon's Meadow, containing, by admeafurement, one acre end three roods, tn the tenure or occupation of the faid George vifeount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, bounding on the north on Morgan's Meadow, eaft on Broad Park and Parfon’s Meadow, fouth on other church lands,and weft on the remaining part of the faid Parfon’s Meadow ; alfo all that piece or parcel of meadow or pafture ground, containing, by admeasurement, four acres and twenty perches, in the tenure or occupation of the faid George vifeount Mount Edgecumbe and Valcttort, bounding on the north on the turnpike read leading from Crimble Ferry to Millbrook, and on the Church Green, eaft on the fend Church Gtctnand Broad Purk, fouth on Broad Park tf»</Parfon’s Meadow, and weft on the remaining part of the faid Morgan’s Meadow; alfo all that piece or parcel of land called Broad Park, containing, by admeafurement, three acres, two roods, and thirty-five perches, in the tenure or occupation of the faid George vifeount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort; bounding on the north-weft on

Morgan’s

37 3

1781] Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGII III. c/61.

Morgan's Meadow aforefaid, north-eaft on other part of the laid Broad Park, fouth andJoutb-weji on rarfon’s Meadow aforefaid*

\ alfo all that piece of land called Crofs Park, containing, by admea-I jurement, fix acres, two roods, and nine perches, in the tenure or s occupation of John Boger efquire, bounding north in part on Wood j Park, in the occupation of the faid John Boger, on other part on \ George vifcount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort and Kerley’s Wood’s, bounding the counties if Cornwall and Devon, in the tenure or occupation of William El worthy, eajl on Anderton’s Meadow, in the tenure or occupation of the fqid George vifcount r Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, fouth on the turnpike road leading from Crimble Ferry to Millbrook, and wejlon Oxen Park, in the tenure or occupation of John Lafkey; alfo all that piece or parcel of land called Wood Park, containing, by eftimatiSn, three acres, three roods, and feven perches, in the tenure or occupation of the faid John Boger, bounding north-eajl by Kerley Wood aforefaid, fouth On Crofs Park and Oxen Park, and wejl on Higher Oxen Park and The Clarick, in the tenure or occupation of the faid John Lafkey ; and alfo all thofe pieces or parcels of landfituate near T or Point, in the parijb of Anthony, in the county ^Cornwall, herein after particularly mentioned; (that is to fay,) all that piece or parcel of land, being part of a field called Pleafure Iioufe Field, containing, by admeafwrement, three acres, two roods, and twenty-nine perches, in the tenure or occupation of rear admiral Thomas Graves, bounding north on the turnpike road leading from Tor Point into Cornwall, fouth on Quarry Park, in the tenure or occupation of John Dunrich, and on Rope Walk Field, in the occupation ^Francis Hill, fouth wefi on Poppy Meadow, and north-weft on the faid Pleafure Houfe Field, in the tenure or occupation of the faid admiral ; alfo all that piece or parcel of meadow or pafture ground, being part of the faid Poppy Meadow, containing, by admeafurement, one rood and fifteen perches, bounding on the north-eaft by the faid Pleafure Houfe Fiel&,fouth-eaft on Quarry Park aforefaid, north-weft on the remaining part of the faid Poppy Meadow ; alfo all that piece or parcel of land, being part of a field called Rope Houfe Field, containing by admeafurement, two acres, one rood, and twenty-one perches, in the tenure or occupation of the faid Francis Hill, bounding north on Pleafure Houfe Field aforefaid, foutb-eqft by the remaining part of the faid Rope Walk Field, and weft by Quarry Park aforefaid; alfo all that piece or parcel of land, being part of New Park, containing, by admeafurement, one rood and thirteen perches in the tenure or occupation of the faid John Dunrich, bounding on the north-eaft andfou}b-caft on Quarry Park aforefaid, and north-weft by New Park aforefaid; alfo all that piece or parcel of land being part of a park called Quarry Park, containing, by admeafure-mentyfeventeen acres, one rood, and twelve perches, in the tenure or occupation of the faid John Dunrich, bounding north on Pleafure Houfe Field aforefaid, north-eaft on Rope Houfe Field aforefaid, fouth-eaji by the fouth-eaft part of the faid Quarry Park and the Beach Field, fouth-yveft by the road leading from Tor Point to Carbealj north-weft by the fouth- weft part of the faid Quarry Park,

Digitized by v^ooQle

All the mef-fuages, lands, &c. in the re-

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 61. [1781.

by the fouth-eaf and north-eaf tingle of Hew Pafk aforefaid, and by the fouth eaft part of Poppy Meadow aforefaid, and all ways, waters^ right Si watercoterfes, eafements, privileges, and appurtenances whatfotver, to the faid mejjuage or tenement, barn,fable, pound, and premifts, belonging or in any wife appertaining: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every the meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the faid recited ad mentioned to be fituate in the cited ad men-counties of Devon and Cornwall, and veiled in the faid fir tioned, and Fletcher Norton,and the other perfons therein named, and their heirs, for the purpofes in the faid ad mentioned, and not here-ton^&c*and* *n-before particularly fet forth and deferibed, (hall be, and the noun this ad fame are hereby diverted out of the faid fir Fletcher Norton, and particularly the faid other perfons, and their heirs; and the fame, and every fh ^nrbTcT eft Part anc* ParceI hereof, lhall be, and are hereby revelled in the ccjaout of the fevcral and rcfpedive perfons in whom the fame were veiled it the time of the paflihg of the faid ad, their feveral and refpec-tive heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns, in fuch and the fame manner as if the faid ad had not been made; the faid ad, or any thing therein contained, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

II.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the faid meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments herein-before particularly mentioned and deferibed, and every part and parcel

continue veft- thereof, with their and every of their rights, members, and aped in the faid purtenances, being part of the lands deferibed, or meant to be deferibed, by the faid recited ad, lhall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be continued veiled in the faid fir Fletcher Norton, and the faid feveral other perfons, and their heirs, to and for the ends, intents, and purpofes in the faid recited ad mentioned and expreffed; any error, deficiency, or inaccuracy of defeription in the faid recited ad, or this ad, notwith-(landing.

III.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaded. That in cafe it (hall be at any time hereafter agreed between any per-fon or perfons authorifed by, and on the behalf of, his Majefty, and the right honourable George vifeount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, that a leafe or grant (hall be made and executed by

faid fir Fletcher Norton, &c.

But all thofe Particularly deferibed in this ad (hall

fir Fletcher Norton, &c«

If lord Edge* cumbe (hall grant fuch a leafe of his lands, &c. in the manor of

^ George vifeount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, unto the faid fir Fletcher Norton, and the feveral other truftees in the faid former ad named, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as (hail be nominated and agreed on in that behalf, their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, for the purpofes aforefaid, of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, herein-before particularly deferibed, fituate within the manor of Stortehoufe other-wife Eaft Stonehoufe aforefaid, whereof he is owner or pioprie-tor, for fo long a term, and under as low a rent and fine, and as few and reasonable conditions, reftri&ions; and exceptions,

•	'	and

he is enabled to do by an aft of 10 Geo. j, to fir Fletcher Norton, or any perfons author*! fed by his Majefty, for the purples afore-laid,

Digitized by LioOQle

i7frj Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. Si.	$75	*

and with fuch perpetual right of renewal, and all fuch other powers, liberties, and advantages, as the faid George vifcount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletori is enabled to demife or grant the fame, under or by virtue of the powers or authorities of a certain ad, made and pitied in the tenth year of his prefent Ma* jefty's reign, intituled, An aft to enable the right honourable George lord Edgecumbe, to grant building Icafes of lands, tenement^ and hereditaments, within the manor 0/ Stonchoufe otherwije Eaft Stonehoufe in the county of Devon, or fuch other rent, fine, conditions, reftridions, exceptions, rights, powers, liberties, or advantages, as can or may be agreed on, and the faid George vifcount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort fhali make and execute fuch leiafe or grant accordingly; then and in fuch cafe, and im- then the faid mediately thenceforth, the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, land*, &c. in fvich leafe or grant comprifed, and the fee fiirtple and inheri- bedweft. tance thereof, (hall be, and the fame are hereby accordingly di* fa,afir° 1 c veiled out of the faid fir Fletcher Norton^ and the* faid other per- FktcherNor-(bns, and their heir9, freed and difcharged from the ends and ton, &c. and purpofes of the faid former ad; and the fame, and every part j* jC£jfted.m and parcel thereof, (hall be, and are hereby revelled in the faid J.°rmbc George vifcount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, and the feveral 1 other perfons in whom the fame were veiled at and immediately before the pafiing of the faid former alt, and his add their refpective heirs for futh eftate or eftates, in fuch and the fame plight, condition and manner, as the fame were then To veiled in them refpedively, and (hould or would, at the time of the delivery of the aforefaid leafe or grant, have been veiled, in cafe the faid former all had not been made; any thing therein, or in this prefent alt, contained to the contrary notwith-(tanding.

IV.	And be it further enalted, That all and every the pow- Allthepowers

ers, provifions, regulations, and claufes, in the faid recited all and regular contained, as relate to the mefifuages, lands, tenements, add j? aC hereditaments, therein mentioned to be fituatein the counties of 5dating#to th® Devon and Cornwall, (hall be and continue in full force and effelt, lands, ■ and (hall extend to, and (hall be executed and performed with therein men-, regard to all and every the faid mefiuagcs, lands, tenements, and t,one^* IhaU-hereditaments, herein-before mentioned and deferibed, as fully	-

and effie&ually as if the fame had been repeated and re-enaded defenbed in in this prefent all; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for. this all*

the (aid commiflioners named in the faid letters patent, or any five or more of them, notwithftanding any former adjournment, to. meet* as (bon as conveniently may be after the palling of this ad, for the fpeedy execution of the laid recited all and this id, and (hall and may adjourn themfelves to fuch time and place as they (hall think proper.

V.	Providcd always, and be it enalted. That nothing in the Commiffion-(aid rotited ad or this ad contained (hall impower the faid ers'to adjourn commiflioners to adjourn for any longer time than from day to J.rom to day, Sundays excepted, tiH the* value of the lands fo to be pur- ajr* chafed (hall be ascertained; and that, in cafe a proper number

C c 3	of

unneceflarily delayed.

a view of the premifes, &ci

37 6	Anno	viccfirao	primo Georgii III. c. 6f.	[1781;

of commifiioners (hall not attend at any meeting for the pur-pofe of carrying the faid recited art and this art into execution, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners or commiflioner then prefent, and they and he are and is hereby authorifed and required to adjourn fuch meeting.

Proceedings	VI. And be it further enarted and declared. That in all cafes

of commimo- where it (hall be found neceffary that the value of any tneffu-a8es* lan<k> tenements, and hereditaments, and the intereft of every perfon therein refpertively, (hould be fettled and ascertained by a jury, no obftrurtion or delay (hall be given to the proceedings of th% faid commifiioners or jury, at any meeting where fuch jury (hall attend for fuch purpofe, on account of a previous view not having been taken of the (aid mefiuages, lands, tenements* or hereditaments, or any of them, by the (aid Jurors to take jury, or a proper number of fuch jury; but it (hall and may be c Jawful to and for the commiflioners then prefent, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorifed and required, either for their own fatisfartion, or that of any of the parties interefted, to caufe the jurors, or fo many of them as the com-miflioners (hall think requifite, immediately to repair to the particular mefluage, or particular of land, tenement, or hereditament, the value whereof (hall be then under their confiderati-on, in order to view the fame; and fuch jurors (hall, and they are hereby accordingly required immediately to take fuch view before any verdirt, as to the true and real value of fuch meffu-age, land, tenemeift, or hereditament, (hall be given in by fuch jury.

VII.	And whereas, in tonfequence of the faid recited off* and of the ers to allow to appointment of commifftoners for carrying the fame into execution, the proprie- the proprietors and occupiers of the lands, tenements, and hercdita-cder^of the^" ******* hereby revejled, were put to expence in procuring proper fur-revetted lands, veP* plans, and valuations, of the faid lands, tenements, and heredi-&c. all ex.	tamentSf to be taken and made, and for the attendance of counftl,

Pcnc®*^he?	agents, and witnejfes before the faid commiffioners, to make out tbe

unto to am-* fever*l claims, and afcertain the value of the refpeUtve inter efts of the fequenceoftbe different claimants', and alfo in preparing to quit the faid lands, treated art.	nements, and hereditaments, in order that the poffeffion thereof might

be delivered to the principal officers of his Majefiys ordinance, or r»-gineersy or other officers ailing under their authority, when they tbe faid proprietors and occupiers [hould he thereunto required, for aB which expence and damages no provifton is made by the fata recited ail; be it therefore further enarted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiflioners, already appointed under and by virtue of the faid recited art, or to be appointed under and by virtue of this prefent art, or any five or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby authorifed and required to enquire into, afcertain, affefs, and allow to the proprietors and occupiers of the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fo revetted as aforefaid, fuch cofts, damage?, and expences,„as they have futtained, or been putun* to by reafon or means of the feveral matters aforefaid.

VIII. Provide

Com million -

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo primo Georoii III. c.6a.	577

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, That the faid commiffioners Provifo relat-(hall not be hereby authorized to allow any thing for the attend- ^nce for" ance of counfel, unlefs they (hall be of opinion that the parti- a^ndanc* of cular cafe required fuch attendance, which opinion they (hall counfel* certify in their decree; and that they (hall not be authorized in, any cafe to allow for more than one counfel, nor more to any counfel than they (hall judge to be a fufficient comperifation to fuch counfel for the time he aftually attended, although he may have been employed by different clients ; in which cafe the fum fo adjudged (hall be allowed in equal (hares to each of the clients who may have employed him.

CAP. LXII.

An aft to explain and amend an aft made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King William ike Thirds (intituled^ An aft for the leffening the duty upon tin and pewter exported, and granting an equivalent for the fame by a dutv upon drugs),

7b far as the fame 'relates to the importation 0/ drugs from the Ruffian dominions 5 and alfo an aft made in the third year of the reign of bis prefent Majefly, (intituled, An aft for the further improvement of his Majefty’s revenue of cuftpms, and for the encouragement of officers making feizures, and for the prevention of the clandeftine running of goods into any part of his Majefty’s dominions), to permit the importation of Or-chillia weedy and Cobalt, during the prefent hojlilitiesy from any place wbatfoevery in Britifh, Iri(h, or neutral /hips; and to per-mit fugarsy the growth of Demerary and Effequibo, to be imported into Great Britain, upon payment of the like duties, and under the like reJlriftionSy as fugars of toe Britifh ijlands in tbs Weft Indies.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament in the eighth and Preamble# ninth years of the reign of King William the Third intitu-leiy An aft for the leffening the duty upon tin and pewter ex- RccJta| & n ported, and granting an equivalent for the fame by a duty upon aft t and 9 drugs; after reciting that, whereas by an afty made in the twelfth Gul. j, c. 34* year of tie late King Charles the Secondy intituledy A fubfidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other fums of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported, it was providedy That all drugs9 imported direftly from tho place of their growth in Englifti built Jbippingy be rated one third part of what is charged in the book of ratesy ami no more \ it was9 amongft otler things> tnaftedy That the fubfidy to be rectivedy for all drugs imported direftly from the plactof their growth in Englifti built jbippingy Jball be according to the full value on the refpeftive fpecies enumerated in the book of rates9 and not according to the hid abatement 5 and for all drugs otherwife imported9 treble fuch full value: And whereas doubts have ariftn whether drugSy tie growth of Kuffia, imported • from certain ports in Ruffia, which were not fubjeft to, and under tho dominion of the Ruffian empire^ at tho time of pajftng the faid recit-

CC4	ed

37.8

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III c, 6a.	[1781*

id aft, 1an be now imported from fucb ports upon payment of the fwgle duty ; for obviating which doubts, be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this > prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

After J“lj 20» That from and after the twentieth day of July, one thoufand thepmoSSK ^even ^un^rcc^ and eighty one, all drugs of the growth, proof Ruflia, im- duction, or manufaflure, of any part of the dominions of Rufi ported from fta, which (hall be laden and (hipped at any port or place fubjoft thence m Bri- to and within the faid Ruffian dominions, and imported from pina Aall be thence in Britijh built (nipping into this kingdom, (hall be deemed to be deemed and taken to be imported directly from the place of their imported from growth, production, or manufacture, and (hall be liable to and the place of pay duties accordingly; any thing in the faid recited act or any their growth, other adl or a£ls of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding,,

II.	And whereas by an aft of parliament, made in the third year Recital of j of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled, An act for the further Geo. 3, c. at. improvement of his Majefty s revenue of cuftoms; and for the encouragement of officers making feizures; and for the prevention of the clandeftine running of goods into any part of his v	Majefty's	dominions, it is, amongft other things, enabled, That It

Jhall and may be lawful, to and for the commffioners of his Majeftf} cuftoms to caufe dll Jhips, veJJels, and boatand all goods, of what kind foever they may be, (excepting only Jucb vejfels, boats, and goodly as are by law liable to be burnt), which Jhall befeizcdby any officer; of the cuftoms for unlawful importation, or for nonpayment of duties, cr for, ar?y other caufe of forfeiture, and condemned according tp law^ to be fold publickly to the bejl bidder, at fuck places as the faid com* miffioners JhgJl think proper; and all and every officer who Jhall Jeize fucftgoods,Jhall, for bis and their encouragementrbe allowed by the faid commiffioners one moiety of the neat produce arifing by the fife cf filth feizure, after the deducing the charges of condemnation and file Jrom lhe,whole ; and the faid commiffimen Jhall caufe the other 7 moiety thereof to be paid into the receipt of his Majeftf s exchequer f . in lieu of his Majeftf s Jhare thereof, (excepting in thofecafes ittbicb' are otherwife provided for by the Jaid aft): And whereas it is- bj the faid a ft provided and further enabled, That if the produce of any particular feizure, fold in pur finance of the Jaid aft, Jhall net be fit/:-fdent.to anfwer the expeucts of .condemnation and foie, or if, upon the trial. of any feizure, a verdift Jhall be given for the claimant, and the Jbipjr goods Jhall not he condemned, in either of thefecafes, it Jhall and may be lawful for the comrmjfmers of his Majeftf s tuft cm s to order the charges attending the JeisUng and profecuting fiuh Jhip or goods, to be paid out of any branch of the tevenue of the cuftoms which is by law applicable. to the payment of incidents: And whereas it is not reafenable that fucb part of the pubtick revenue, which is bylaw applicable to the payment of incidents, Jhould be bur-thetnd with the expencts of profecuting fiutb. feizures, hut on the contrary* that fiuch charges and exp anus, and other law charges, and expends of management, where it may be judged neceffary by theWn-miffioners of bis Majeftf s cuftoms, Jhould be defrayed out of the pro-

duce

\

Digitized by

i,7ti,r An&Q vigfcfimo priroo Georg n HI. e. 62.	379

arifiirghy the fide offckaures which are condemned* be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefajd, That where any (hip, uow t^e vcfW, boat, or goods, (hall be feized by any omceror officers charges of of his. Majefty’s cuftoms, which are hy law liable on condem- fei^re, con-nation to be burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, or where the produce ^fh^Se arjfmg by the falc of any particular feizure (hall not be fuffici- defrayed of ei)t to anfwer threepences of feizing, profecuting, or condemn- veflcls coning the fame 5 or if upon any trial a verdict (hall be given for demned to be the claimant, or the (hip, veflel, boat, or goods, fo feized, (hall burnt» not be condemned; in either of thofe cafes, it. fi\a}land may be lawful for th^ commiffioners of his Majefty^s cufloms, if they think proper, to order the charges arifing by thu condemnation and falc, and hy the feizure and profecution of fuch (hips, veflcls, and boats,, or goods, whether they (hall be condemned or not, and all manner of' law bills* and other charges of ma*

Mgement, to be paid out of his Majefty’s (hare of the produce arifinz by tbe^ftfe of any goods which have been, or may be feized and condemned, in like manlier as may now. be done out of any other bunch of the revenue of the cuftoaos, which is bylaw applicable' to the- payment of incidents} Any thing in the faid recited a£b, qr any other a£t or ads of: parliament, or any cuftomor ufage,~to the cpngrary notwit branding.

III.	And whtreasOxch\\\)ia^weMisve^ awdriecejfary in Orchillia weed the tfying manufatiureii an&byreafin of tbrprefent hoftUities it can- and Cobalt not it notv imported 'into this kingdom: direffly front the place of its ^e im-growtb, in Jbips navigated according to: the laws now in force, with- [£e parent1”* cut peat hazard and expence to the: importers thereof: And whereas hoftuitiei, in Cobalt is very imeffary in medicine and various manufactures, and Britlfh or Irifli it is expedients at this time to encourage the importation thereof into veffcl,» °*”Jl ibis kingdom; be it therefore further ena&ed by the authority withoutMy?* aforefadd. That* from and after the twentieth day of July, one ing any duty, thoofand feven hundred and eighty*one, and during the.prefent

hoflilities with Franco, Spain, and the United Provinces, or either oftfcem, it (halland<mayfbe lawful for any perfon or perfoos to import into any part of Great Britain any Orchillia weed and CMtr from any port or place whatfoqyer, in any Brittfbor Irijb (hvp or veflel navigated according to law, or in any foreign (hip or veflel belonging to any kingdom or (late in amity with his Majefty, his heirs or fucccflbrs, navigated by foreign Teamen, without paying any: coftom or duty whatfoever for the fame, fo as a due entry be Bxft made thereof at the cuftom-houfe belonging to the port into which fuch Orchillia weed and Cobalt (hall be imported, in the fame manner and form as was ufed and pvaftifed before the making of this ad, and fo as the fame (hall be landed in the prefence of the proper officer appointed, for that purpofe, otherwife fuch OrcbtlBa weed and Cobalt (hall be liable to the fame duties, penalties, and forfeitures, as if this ad bad not been made; any law, cuftom, or ufege, to the contrary notwithftandjng.

IV.	And whereas by an aft* of parliament, made in the fixth year Recital of € of the reign oft hit prefmt Mejefty intitnU4$ Ana& for repealing Gco> 3» c. 5*»

ccr-

Digitized by )OQle

380	Anno	vicefimo primo GeoRGII III. c; 6a.	[1787;

certain duties, in the Britijb colonies and plantations, granted by feveral afts of parliament; and alfo the duties impofed by an aft made in the lad feffion of parliament upon certain Eaft India goods exported from Great Britain \ and for granting other duties indead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and fecuring, feveral branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the Britijb dominions in America; it is, amongft other things enabled, That all fugars, which /hall be imported into Great Britain from any part of the Britifh colonies or plantations on the continent of America, Jball be deemed and taken to be French fugars: And whereas the colonies of Demerary and EfTequibo, on the continent if America, formerly under the dominion of the Jlates general of the United Provinces, have lately furrenaered to his Majejly's arms, and being now in his poffejfion, it is reafonable and expedient, for the encouragement of the Jugar planters in thofe colonies, that fugars of the growth ana produce thereof Jhould be deemed Britifh fugars $ be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the fourteenth day of March) one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, all fugar, the growth and produce of the laid colonies or Demerary and Effequibo, (hall be deemed and taken to be Britijb fugars, and fhail and may be exported from thence, and imported into this kingdom, upon payment of the fame duties, and upon exportation intitled to the lame drawback, as fu-gars the growth and produce of any Britijb ifland in the Weft Indies; and (hall in all refpefts be fubjeft and liable to the fame fecurities, certificates, rules, regulations, and reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, as fugars the growth and produce of the -	Britijb iflands in the Weft Indies are fubjeft and liable to by law;

fcny thing in the faid recited aft, or any other aft or afts, to the ft	contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the

Naval officer, authority aforefaid, That until there (hall be officers of bis Zee. impower- Majefty’s cuftoms appointed for that purpofe in the Oud cok>» ed to take fe- nies of Demerary and EJfequibo, it (hall and may be lawful for SESt nava* °®cer> or any other officer appointed by the com-cates, for fuch tnander in chief of his Majefty’s forces in America, or the com-fugar, until	manding officer of the troops at thofe colonies refpeftively, to

proper officers take fuch fecurities, and to grant fuch certificates and dear-Ihall be ap.m# ances* as by any Jaw in force may be required for fuch fugar, pointed.	which (hall be as valid and effcftual, to aU intents and purpo-

fes, as thofe taken and granted in the like cafes by his Majefty’s governors or the officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms in America.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the

Sugars may be authority aforefaid, That if any fuch fugars (hall be imported imported from jnto Great Britain from Demerary or EJfequibo, or from any Bri-^c^without a colony or plantation in America, without the certificate here-eertificate, in-before direfted, and it (hall be made appear, to the fatisfoc* provided no tion of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at London ™jliwas “• or Edinburgh refpeftively, that fuch fugars are really and truly Svment^f produce of Demerary or Ejfequibo, and that no fraud was in-the ufuai du- tended, it (hall and may be lawful for the fiud refpeftive com-net.	..	.	mUfioncrs

38i

iAnno viccfimo primo Georgii III. C. 63.

miffioners to permit the faid fugars to be entered, upon payment of the like-duties as fugars of the growth and produce of the Britijb i(lands in the tVeft Indies are fubjedt and liable to by law,

C A P. LX1II.

An all for the dijcharge of certain infolvent debtors.

WHEREAS, notwithjlanding the great prejudice and detriment which afls of infolvency produce to trade and ere-dit> it may be convenient, in the prefent condition of the gaols in this tingdm, that fome of the prifoners who are now confined therein Should be fet at liberty ; be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and' Alphabetical after the palling of this a A, all and every gaoler or keeper of ^(1* *© ** -any prifon, in any county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, (hall, is and are hereby required cuftody for to make a true, exadt, and perfedt lift, alphabetically, of the debt on Jan. u name or names of all and every perlon or perions who, upon the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, was or were, under the terms and conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every fuch lift (hall be, really an adtual prifoner or prifoners, in the cuftody of any gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of any prifon refpeA-ivcly, upon any procefs whatfoever, for or by reafon of any debt, damage, cofts, turn or fums of money, contempt, or otherwife j	^

and an account of the time when fuch prifoner or prifoners was when charged, or Were refpedtively charged in cuftody, or received in prifon, and at whofe* Together with the name or names of the perfon or perfons at (uit« whole fuit or profccution fuch prifoner or prifoners is or are	^

detained; and (hall deliver the fame to the juftices of the }jlvercd to the* peace, at their firft or fecond general quarter feffion or general quarter frf-fcJEon of the peace to be held after the palling of this aA, or at nons, fome adjournment thereof, for fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty refpeAively.

II.	And be it further enaAed, That every gaoler or keeper Gaolerswithia of any prifon, within the city of London, and counties of Mid- London, Sec. dlefex and Surrey, whofe prifon was burnt, deftroyed, or broken whofe prifon* open, between the fecond and the eighth days of June> one thou-	**

thoufand feven hundred and ei ghty, "by divers evil minded and between June disorderly perfons, and from whence the prifoners then confined * and s 1780, therein were fet at large, is and are hereby required to make out and the pri-a like true, exadt, and perfedt lift of all and every the prifoner and prifoners who were fo fet at large, and who was or were in oat and the cuftody of any gaoler or keeper of fuch prifon, upon any deliver like procefs whatfoever for or by reafon of any debt, damage, cofts, !><*• of prifon* Tumor Aims of money, contempt, or otherwife; and, an ac-count of the time when fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were cuftody; refpedtively charged in cuftody, or received in prifon, together

Digitized by Google



diftinguifhing thofe who fur-rendered themfelves, &c. before Sep. s, 1780.

Warden of th<e Fleet, .lift. t* take an oath on delivering: in lift*.]

Thcoatb.

m



Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. [178^

with the name or names of the perfon or persons at whofe fuit or profecution fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were detained; diftinguilhing which of the faid prifoner^ furrendered or offered to furrender themfelves, on of before the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, to the gaoler or keeper of any prifon from whence fuch perfon or perfons was or were fet at large as aforefaid; and (hall deliver the fame with the faid lift fo direded to be made out and delivered as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the wardep of his Ma-jefty’s prifon of the Fleets and marihal of the King's Bench pp-fon, (hall feverally, on the delivering in of any fuch lift of pri-fpners in their refpedive cuftody, take an oath, in the open court of fuch general quarter feffion of the peace, or at fotne adjournment thereof, to the effed following; (that is to fay),

I A* B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty God, is fokmnly fwear, profefs, and declare, That all and every perfon or perfons, whofe name or names is or are inferted in the firft part if the lift by me now delivered in and fubferibed, marked With the letter (B), was and were, to the bejl of my knowledge and belief, rtallf and truly prifoners in aftual cuftody, in the prifon or gaol of

[infert the name of the prifon], and ms or were fet at large when the faid prifon was burnt down, deftroytd, or broke open between the fecond and eighth days of June, one thoufani feven hundred and eighty, at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfon or perfons therein refpeftively mentioned; and alfo that fuch of tit faid perfons, whofe names are infer ted or contained in the fecond port of the faid lift, now by me delivered in and fubferibed as aforefaid furrendered, or tendered themfelves to furrender, on or before tbs frji day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, at the re-fpeftioe times therein mentioned; and that none of fuch perfons fi fur rendered, or tendered, to my knowledge, or with my privity, volon-tartly, or with defegn, or in expiation to take any benefit from or under any aft of parliament to be made for relief of injolvent debtors, furrendered themfelves, or were committed to the faid prifon, or get their names entered as prifoners in the books of the faid prifon.

All other And that every other gaoler and keeper of any other prifon or gaolers, on prifons, in any county, city, town, riding, divifion, place, or t^iHifts*to *ibcrty, ^all fevcrally, on the delivering in of any fuch lift retake the fbl- fpedively, take an oath in the open court of the general quart-lowing er feffion, or general feffion of the county, city, town, divifion, liberty, or place, for which he or (he (hall deliver in any fuch lift, and fwear to the effed following; (that is to fay).

Oath,	T A. B. upon my corporal oath, in t\e prefence of Almighty God, do

A folemnly fwear, profefs, and declare, That all and every perfon and perfons, whofe name or names are inferted or contained in the faf *	part of the lift by me now delivered in and fubferibed, was and were,

* to the bejl of my knowledge and belief upon the firft day of January

Digitized by L^ooQle

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. C. 63;

ry, one thoufand /even hundred and eighty-one, really and truly pri-JontrS) in aftual cujtody, in the prifon or gaol of

at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfons therein refpeft-ively mentioned; and alfo that all and every perfon and perfons, whofe name or names is or are inferted or contained in the Jecond part of tbe faid lift now by me delivered in and fubfcribed as aforejaid, have, fince tbe faid firfl day of January, one thoufand/even hundred and eighty-one, been committed or furrendered to the faid gaol or prifon of

[if any fuch prifoner or pri-foncrs hath or have, fince the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, been committed or furrendered to fuch gaol or prifon], at the fuit or fuits of the fevered perfon or perfons therein refpeftively mentioned, except [if any exception is neceffary] fuch perfons as are therein particularly mentioned and defcribed to have died9 been difcharged9 or removed to feme other prifon by procefs of laew, or to have efcoped out of fuch prifon9 without my privity, knowledge, or confent9 fince the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one; and that all and every of them9 whofe name and names is and are contained in the firft part of the faid lift (except as before excepted) 9 to the beft of my knowledge and belief have really and truly continued in aftual cu-ftody in the Paid gaol or prifon of

ever fince the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred end eighty- one, and that tbe faid lift is a true, exaft, perfect, and juft tfi of all fuch perfons as were really and truly prifoners9 in actual cuftody, in the faid gaol or prifon of

on the faid firft day of January, one thoufand /even hundred and eighty-on e9 arid who9 fince the Jaid firft day of January, one ibou-fand feven hundred and eighty- one, have been really and truly commit-tedy or furrendered to the faid gaol or prifon of	,

(except as before excepted)9 to tbe beft of my knowledge and belief; and that none of fuch J>rifoners9 to my knowledge or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with deftgn9 or in expectation, to take any benefit from or under any aft $fparliament to be made for relief of infolv-ent debt Or s9furrendered or been committed to tbe faid prifon of

or got hisy ber9 or their name or names entered as prifoner or prifoners in the books of the faid prifon9 or,fence their commitment, have9 to my knowledge, or with my privity9 reftded out of the faid prifon of	[if	any	have

fo done, then add, except	,	ihferting	their

names.]

And every gaoler or keeper of any prifon, within the city pf London, and counties of Middlefex and'Surrey9 whofe prifops were burpt down, deftroyed, or broke open, as aforefaid, except the faid marfhal and warden, (hall alfo, at the time when he delivers fuch lift, as herein before directed, of the prisoners then fet at large, take his corporal oath to the effect following, (that is to fay),

Gaolers In London, &c. whofe pri Tons were burnt or broke open (except, Sccy) rna 1, on delivering their lilts, take the following

I A. B.

Digitized by v^ooQle

3*4

Oath.

Oaths to be adminiftered by the juftices in court}

and entered and fubfcribed at the bottom of the lifts.

Lifts to be kept by the clerk of the peace.

Three copies of lifts to be fixed up in each prifon, &c.

Anno vicefimo primo GfcoRGii III. C.63.	[1781.

I A. B. upon my corporal oath* in the prefence of Almighty God, k folemnly five dr, profefs, and declare, That all and every perfin and perfons, whofe name or names is or are infer ted and contained in the firjl part of the lift by me now delivered in and fubfcribed, markei with the letter (B)> was and were, to the beft of my knowledge ani belief really and truly prifoners in aClual cuftody in the prifon or gaol of	[infert	the name of the prifon j, who was sr

were fet at large when the faid prifon was burnt down* deftroytd* cr broke open, between the fecond and eighth days of June, one thoufeni feven hundred and eighty, at the fuit or fuits of the fever al per Jon er perfons therein r effectively mentioned 5 and aljo that fuch of the Jaii perfon sy whofe names are infer ted or contained in the fecond part of thefaid lift now by me delivered in and fubfcribed as aforefaid, did fur-render or offer to furrender, before the firft day of September, ont thoufand feven hundred and eighty* at the refpe Clive times therein mentioned; and that none of fuch perfons fo Jut rendered* or offtrti to be furrendered, to my knowledge* or with my privity* voluntarily, or with defign* or in expectation, to take any benefit from or under any ad of parliament to be made for relief of infolvent debtors, fur• rendered themfelves or were committed to the faid prifon* or got their names entered as prif oners in the books of the faid prifon.

Which faid refpeftive oaths the faid juftices, at the firft or fecond general quarter feflion or general feflion aforefaid, or at fome adjournment thereof, within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter in open court: And the words of the faid oath herein-before directed to be taken by the faid warden and marftial refp'eftively, (hall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which (hall be delivered in by them refpeftively, and (hall be fubfcribed and fwom to by them refpeftively in open Court; and the words of the oath to be taken by every fuch gaoler or keeper refpeftively (hall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which (hall be delivered by them refpeftively, jgmd (hall be fubfcribed and fworn to by them refpeftively in o^en court: And every fuch lift which (hall be fo delivered in, fubfcribed, and fworn to, in purfuance of this aft, (hall be kept by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer afting as clerk of the peace, of every fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty refpeftively, in which any fuch lift as aforefaid (hall be fworn to, for the better fatisfaftion of the faid juftices, and information of all or any prifoner or prifoners therein named; and fo as the fame may, from time to time, be feen and examined by aoy creditor or creditors, or prifoner or prifoners, without fee or reward.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol or prifon, is and are hereby required, ten days at lead before the firft or fecond general quarter feflion or general feflion of the peace (hall be held, after the pafling of this aft, for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, in which any gaol

or

Digitized by

Google

3*5

i;8k] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii TIL C. 63.

or prilbn (hall be, or to which the fame belong, to fix up in fome confpicuous place or places, in every fuch prifon, and at the moft frequented and ufual gate, door, or entrance into every fuch prifon, three or more true copies of the lift or lifts propped or intended to be delivered in by any fuch gaoler or keeper at the faid general quarter feflions, or at fome adjournment thereof.

V.	And be it further enabled, That all and every perfon and perfons, whofe debts refpe&ively fhall not amount, in the whole, to a greater fum than five hundred pounds, and whofe name or perfons infert-names (hall be inferted in any fuch lift to be delivered in as afore- ed in the lifts, faid, who were fet at large, by and upon the burning, deftroy- who wen fct ing, or breaking open of the prifons aforefaid, and who furrend-

ered,or did furrender, before the firft day of September, one thou- wbo furrend-(and, feven hundred and eighty; and all and every perfon and ered before perfons, whofe name or names (hall be inferted in any fuch lift, ScP« *1 to be delivered in as aforefaid, who on the firft day of January, &c* in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, were really and truly prifoners in the adtual cuftody, and furrendered, or offered to furrender himfelf, herfelf, or them-felves, as aforefaid, who, upon the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, were really and truly prifoners in the adtual cuftody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prifon refpedtively of this kingdom, and did not come into, or get his, her, or their names entered in the book of any	.

gaol or prifon as a prifoner or prifoners there, with a view or de-fign to take the benefit of fome ad for relief of infolvenl debtors, and w*ho (hall take the oath herein-after mentioned, and all perform, on his or her part, what is required to be done by an<J COnform-him or her by this ad, (hall be forever releafed and difeharged ing to this ad, and exonerated, in fuch manner as hereafter is provided.	foall be dif-

VI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be law- charged, fol for any juft ice or juftices of the peace of any county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, up- juftices, on on the petition of any fuch prifoner or prifoners to any juftice petition of or juftices of the peace within his or their refpedive jurifdic-any pri^n?r» tions, upon every fuch prifoner or prifoners fo petitioning, and a fched-at the time of his or her fo petitioning, leaving with the ju- ule of his dice or juftices of the peace, who (hall be fo petitioned, a true eftate,

copy of the fchedule, containing his or her intended difeoverv of his or her real and perfonai eftate, to be fworn to at the firft or fecond general quarter feflion next enfuing after every fuch petition, or fome adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and feal, or their hands and feals, to require the fheriff or ^eri.ffs’Ja°ler or gaolers, or keeper of any luch prifon within mayUruethek the junldidion of any fuch juftice or juftices, to bring before warrant for the juftices at the firft or fecond next general quarter feflion or bringing bins

fcneral feflion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be to the quarur eld, as the cafe (hall happen to be, next after the expiration of feflto0*! ten days from the date of fuch warrant, for fuch refpedtive county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, the body

o	of

3*6

with the warrant of his detainer. See.

Schedule of the prifoner’s eftatetobe tranfmitted to the clerk of the peace,

for infpe&ion of creditors.

An y juft ice, omitting for ten days to tranfmit a copy of the schedule to the clerk of the peace, &c. Sail forfeit tol.

All perfom fet at large as a-forelaid, who would take the benefit of this muft de-liver to the clerk of the peace, &c. be-nefore publication of the firft notice, a fchedufe of tbtir'fcftate*

Anno vieefimo prime GfebRGii III. c. 6j. [1781.

of any perfoh being in the fafd prifon as aforelaid, with the warrant or warrants of his pr her detainer* together with a copy or copies of the caiife of callfes which he, (he, or they, is or are charged with in any fuch gaol or prifon as aforefaid, at the time aforefaid ; for which copy or copies of c^ufe or caufesTuch 'prifotler (hall apply to the faid gaoler of keeper of fuch prifon, or to the clerk of the papers, or other perfon who (hall mate out and tranferibe the fame, at lead fix days before the time of his or her difeharge; and fuch prifoner (hall pay for the fauje the fum of two millings and no more, for makipg but, tranf-feribing, and figning the fame; which warrant of every fuch juftice Or juftices, every fuch (heriff and fheriffs, gaoler or keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VII.	And be it alfo enabled, That the copy of every febe-dule, which (hall be left with any fuch juftice or juftices, Bull, within ten days after the fame mall be fo left, be tranfmitted, by the juftice or juftices with whom the fame (hall be fo left, to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer afting as clerk of the peace for the county, tiding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, in which the fame (hall havebeenTo left, there to remain and be infpedted, frpm time to time, as occafion (hall require, by any creditor of any fuch prifoner who (hall defire to infpeft the lame.

VIII.	And be it alfo enaefted, That eveiy fuch juftice or juftices who (hall refufe or omit, for the (pace of ten days, to tranfmit the copy of the fchedule, fo left with him as aforefaid, to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, in which the fame (hall nave been fo left, fell, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; which (nail and may be fued for and recovered, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflminjitr^ by atfion of debt, together with cofts of Am, in the name of any perfon who (hall profecute for the fame ; and one moiety of which money forfeited (hall, when recovered, go to the party who profecutes for the fame; and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the pa-rifh in fthich the offence (hall be committed.

IX.	And be it further enaifted, That all and every perfon and perfon* who were fet at large, and furrendered or tendered them*-(elves to be furrendered, as aforefaid, and who (hall be defirous of taking the benefit of this a<ft, (hall, before the publication of the firft notice herein-after required, deliver to the clerk of the peace, or perfon adting as clerk of the peace, or town clerk, or perfon adting as town clerk, for the county or city in which the prifon is fituated from whence fuch perfon or perfons was or were fet at large, or to which he of (he was furrendered or tendered to be furrendered, as aforefaid, a true copy of ^he fchedule containing his or her intended difeovery of his or her real and perfonal eftate, to be fwom to at the firft qr fecond general quarter feflions of the peace, or fome adjourntijent thereof.

X.	And be it Further efiai&ed, That all and every debtor and

debtors,

Digitized by ^.ooQie

ljt!.] Anno vicefimo primo GrBoftaji III. c. 63.	387

debtor*, who (hall intend to apply to be difeharged and exone- Debtor* in-rited under this ad as aforefaid, (hall firft caufe publick notice ^oi^rthwr to be inferted in three feveral London Gazettes^ previous to fuch difcharge,are general quarter feflton or general feflion, or the adjournment to give previ-thereof, at which fuch application (hall be made, if fuch debtor ous notice or debtors be confined in, or were fet at large from, or furrend-ered or tendered to be furrendered to any gaol in London, or	1

within the weekly bills of mortality; and if fuch debtor (hall be in cuftody in any gaol out of London, or the weekly bills of mortality, then alfo in fome newfpaper which (hall be publifhed in or near the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or (he (hall be fo in cuftody ; containing the name, trade, and occupation, and two laft places of contentl ^ abode, if fo many, of every fuch debtor and debtors, and the the notice, prifon wherein he, (he, or they, is or are confined, or from whence he, (he, or they were fet at large, and to which he, (he, or they furrendered or tendered to be lurrendeted, as aforefaid, and ot his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this ad 9 and mentioning fuch notice in each Gazette or newfpaper, to be the firft, fecond, or third notice, acoording to the time of pub- *adrtime'for lifting each of fuch notices 5 and for the inferring of each of inferring notU which faid feveral notices in the faid Gazette, or in any other ces. newfpaper, there (hall be paid each time, by every fuch prifoner, two-pence, and no more: the firft of which faid notices (hall be When notices fo inferted in the faid Gazette, or in the faid other .newfpapers, as t0 ** ““erud. the cafe may require, twenty-one days at leaft, and the laft of the faid notices fix days at leaft, before any fuch firft or fecond general quarter, feflion or, general feuion, or adjournment there* of, (hall be held as aforefaid ; fo that as well all the creditors who have not charged the faid debtor or debtors in cuftody as thofe creditors who have charged fuch debtor or debtors in execution, or on mefne procefs, or otherwife, may have fuffici* ent notice thereof.

XI.	And, to the intent that all creditors may have full and fufficient time to confider the matters and things contained in the fchedule or Jchedules intended to be delivered in by any Evcry 9ebtor debtor or debtors, be it further enabled, That every fuch debt- to deliver a or, when he or (he (hall (according to the diredions of this ad) fchedu’e of his publifh the firft notice of an intention to take the benefit of cfta*c t0 th* this ad, he or (he (hall, in fuch notice, declare that the fched- ^Ure the ule, containing his or her intended difeovery of his or her real and fame in hi* perfonal eftate, (to be fworn to in manner as by this ad dired- firft notice, te. ^d), is lodged in the hands of the gaoler or keeper, or the deputy of fuch gaoler or keeper, of the prifon wherein any fuch debtor (hall be confined, or from whence be or (he was fet at large, and to which he or (he was furrendered, or tendered to be furrendered, as aforefaid; and every fuch debtor is hereby di* reded and required to deliver fuch fchedule to fuch gaoler, keeper, or depnaty, as the cafe may be, before he (hall publifh fuch firft notice as aforefaid, figned by his or her own chriftian and On negfed furname, to be attefted by any fuch gaoler, keeper, or deputy; thereof, to be

Vox,. XXXIII,	pd	an4

1

Digitized by L,ooQle

, 388	Anno	vlcefitno	primo Georgii III. c. 63.	[1781;

remanded and in cafe any debtor (hall negledt or refufe to deliver one fuch packtopnfon. fehedule.to fuch gaoler, keeper, or deputy, prior to fuch hisfirft notice, to be given.as aforefaid, he or (he, upon due proof made of fuch negledt, to the fatisfedlion of the court to which fuch debtor (hall make application, (hall, if a orifoner, be remanded back to prifon, there to remain till he or (he (hall have complied with the directions aforefaid; and, if not a prifoner, he or (he lofe and forfeit the benefit of this adt: And every fuch fignaturetohit gaoler, keeper, or deputy, is hereby directed and required toat-fdiedule, and teft the fignature of the debtor’s name to fuch fchedule, and to give him ado- receive the fame into his cuftody and charge, giving a duplicate plicate there- thereof to every fuch debtor, with an acknowledgement of his and atfo to having received the original •, and he is hereby further required give a copy to t0 deliver a true copy of any fuch fchedule, figned by himfelf, any creditor upon requeft made to him by any creditor for that purpofe, in whorequefta writing ; fuch copy to be delivered to the creditor himfelf, or to n‘	fuch perfon as he (hall appoint to receive the fame, within three

days after demand made, on payment for each fchedule after the rate of (ixpence per (heet, each (heet to contain feventy-two words, and fo in proportion for any lefs number of words* and in cafe fuch creditor (hall only fearch or examine fuch fchedule,

. . then fuch creditors (hall pay for every fuch jfearch and examina-Gaoler, &c. tion, the fum of one (hilling: And if any fuch gaoler, keeper, on rtegleft, to or deputy, (hall negledt or refufe to conform to the directions forfeit aol. hereby given him refpe&ing fuch fchedule, every fuch gaoler, keeper* or deputy, fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to any perfon who (hall fue for and recover the fame* in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVtftminJier, by adtion of debt*

XII.	And be it further enabled, That the notices to be given by every debtor, in manner directed by this adt, (hall be to the effedk following * videlicet,

Form of debt- T	[infert the name, trade, occu-

orsnjtice.	pation, and two laft places or abode, if fo many] new cm*

fined in, or fet at large from, and furrendered, or tendered to be for* rendered to, (as the cafe may be,J	[infert	the name of

the prifon and county,] and being not indebted in the whole too greater amount than to the fum of five hundred pounds do hereby give this publick notice, being	[infert	the	firfi,	fecond	or

third, as the cafe may be,] that I do intend to take the benefit tf an aft, paffed in the twenty firjl year of his prefent Majefifs reign, (intituled\ An adt for the relief or infolvent debtors, and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cafes);	[and if it be

the firft notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice, that 0 true and perfeft fchedule, containing a diftovery of all my real andperfon* al efiate, hereafter to be fworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any creditor applying for the fame, in manner aforefaid, to the gaoler or keeper or bis deputy, of the faid prifon.

And

Digitized by ^ooQie

ly&t.J Artnd vicefim® prirtio GfioftGU III. C. 63.	$2$

And every fuch notice (hall be (igned by the debtor, and court- Notice to be terfigfted by the gaoler or keeper, or deputy of fuch gaoler or ®f^rb^‘he keeper, of fuch prifon.	’

XIII.	And be it further enalted, That every fuch debtor as aforefaid, not being indebted in the whole to a gfeafer amount than to the Aim of five hundred pounds, who fhall apply to court, g„d the general quarter fefiion, or any adjournment thereof, (hall, in publication of cafe it (hall be proved upon oath, or by producing the (aid three "otices P™** Gazettes and newfpapers before mentioned to the faid juftices, ed’ “c* at any fuch fefiion, or the adjournment thereof, that fuch notices were inferted in the London Gazette, and other newfpapers where' required, in manner as herein-before is directed ; and that th« perfon or perfons fo applying was or were, between the twenty-eighth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, fet at large from, and before the firft day of	, one thou-

fand feven hundred and eighty, furrendered or offered to fur-render, or whs or were actually a prifoner or prifoners, on the faid firft day of	January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-

one, in the gaol or priion in which his, her, or their name or names is or are fpecified in the lift delivered in at any fuch firft or fecond fefiion, or any adjournment thereof, as aforefaid, in . purfuance of this adt, (hall, in open court, at the faid general quarter feffion or general fefiion, or any adjournment thereof, .... (ubfcribe and deliver in a true fchedule or account of all his or fchedulieofhi* her real eftate, either in pofieflion, reverfion, remainder, or ex- eftate, debt*, pedancy; and aifo of the whole of his or her perfonal eftate, fcc. which he or (he, or any perfon or perfons in truft for him or her, or for his or her ufe, benefit, or advantage, is or are feifed of, interefted in, or intitled to, or was or were in his or her pofief-fion, at any time fince his or her commitment to prifon, with the names of his or her feveral debtors, and where they refpell-ively live, or may be met with, and the feveral fums of money from them rcfpe&ively owing, and how the fame refpedlively became due, and are fecured; and if by mortgage, fpecialty, contrail, note, or other writing, then the name and names, and • places of abode of the feveral witnefles who can prove fuch debts or contrails, (if there be any fuch), and (hall alfo make oath and fwear to the effelt following; (that is to fay),

Id. B. upon yny corporal oath, in the pretence of Almighty God, Debtor's oath do filemnly	fwear, proteft, and	declareThat on the firft day of delivering

January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one,	was really JJ},*1* fthe“*

tmd truly a prifoner in toe aflual cuftody of	in'

the prifon or gaol of	otthefuitof

Without any fraud or colhtfion whatfsever, or (as the cafe may be), that I was, without any fraud or eollu-fion what [sever, really and truly a prijoher in the gaol or.prifon of at the fust of	>■

at the time that the faid gaol or prifon was burnt down, deftroyed, pr broke open, and that afterwards, and before the firft day of September in	that yoar, [ furrendered pr wasfurrendered, or offered to	-

i	Pda

Digitized by

Google

39°

Schedule and oath to be fubfcribed in

Anno vicefimo primo GeOR^II III. C. 63. [1781.

render,or was offered te it furrendered, ta the keeper the /aid	prifon a	prifener ; and that I	was	and in the

tuftody of an	officer, before the faid frft day of January, one

fond /even hundred and	eighty-one,tn the or aflions tr

hits, in which 1 fur rendered, tr was emmitted as afortfaid, to the Jaid gaol tr prifon of	and	that	/	boxn,

ever finct my faid fitrrender tr commitment, continued a priftner within the prifon of	in	the a£lual ef

the gaoler or keeper of the faid prifon of	tr

within the liberties thereof, at the fuit of	and

without any fraud or	tolmfith whotfoever,or, (as the cafe (hall be)

that J was fet at large when the gaol tr prifonof was burnt down, defrayed, tr broke open, between the fecond and tie eighth days of June, one tboufand /even hundred and eighty, and afterwards, and before the firjl day of September, in that year, far-rendered, tr offered to furrender,to the keeper or gaoler of the fad friftn, (as the cafe (hall be), and that the fcbtdule now delivered by me, and fubfcribed, doth contain, to the beji of my knowledge, remembrance, and belief, a full, juft, true, and perfect account and difctvery if all the goods, effefls, and eftates,	either in

fion,	reverfion,remainder, or expe&an which I, or any ptrfon in

truft for me, tr for my benefit or advantage, are feifed or ptffejfed ef, interefted in, or infilled to, or was or were in my pojfejfm at any time fince my commitment toprifon; of all debts as are tome owing, or to any perftn or perfons in tru for me; and of all the ritics and contrails whereby any money now is, or will or may hereof-ter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, tr to my	ufe,or to ony perftn or perfons in	for me; and the names end

plates of abode of the feveral perfons from whom fuch debts ate doe and owing, and of the vntneffes that can prove fuch debts or controls,

[if any fuch there be]; and that neither I, nor any other ptrfon tr perfons in truft for me, or for my ufe, have any lands, or any eftate, real and perfenal, in poftffion, reverfion, or remainder, or	expeffatcy,other than what are in the faid fthedule contained, ex-

cept wearing apparel, and bedding for myftlf and family, working tools, and nece/fary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a fum of money not exceeding forty	and	theft in the

whole not exceeding the value of twenty pounds; and that I have not, I nor any body for me	hath,dtrcOly or fold, lejfened, tr

etherwife conveyed, difpofed of in truft, or concealed, all or any port ef my lands, money, goods, chattels, flock, debts, fecurities, contrails, or eftate real or perfonal, whereby to feture the fame, or to receive rt expttl any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to defrand tr deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I am or west indebted in any wife bowfoever :And that I am	indebted in the whole to

greater amount than to the fum of five hundred pounds.

So help me

And the faid fchedule and oath (hall be, by every fuch debtor, fubfcribed in the prefence of the jufticesJn open feffionof the

peace,

Digitized by

Google

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGH III. c.63.	391

peace, as hereby is diredted ; and (hall be kept by, and remain the court, and with, the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adfing [^e^erlTfor as clerk of the peace for the county, city, liberty, divifion, town, thc exam*,na_ or place, where the fame (hall be fubfcribed and taken, for the tion of credit-better information of all the creditors of fuch debtor, who (hall on. defire, or may have occafion, to refort thereto ; and every fuch creditor (hall be at liberty, at feafonable times, in the day-time, to perufe and examine the fame.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed. That the juftices, within Court, at the their refpedtive jurifdidtions, at any fuch general quarter feffion, requeft of a or general feffion, or adjournment thereof, at the requeft of any creditor, may creditor or creditors of any fuch debtor, are hereby authorifed to exam,n«» caufe thc deputy warden and marfhal of the Fleet and King's on°oath. Bench prifon, and any other under officer, ripftafF, and turnkey,

of any gaol or prifon, and any other perfon, to come before them, and to examine them refpedlively, on oath, touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths preferibed by this adfc to be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which	oath

(hall have been taken in open court, by any debtor or debtors, proved,"fhe (hall not be difapproved by good teftimony of any credible per- «>urt it to dif-fon or perfons, on oath, and fuch juftices, or the major part of charge him, them, prefent at any fuch general quarter feffion, or general feffion, (hall be fatisfied with the truth of the oath taken by any fuch refpedtive debtor, then fuch juftices (hall, in fuch feffion, or fome adjournment thereof, adjudge fuch debtor or debtors to be intitled to the benefit of this adt; and if fuch debtor or debtors (ball be a prifoner or prifoners, (hall command the faid (heriff, or IherifTs gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, forthwith to fet at liberty fuch prifoner or prifoners, without having or taking any fee or reward, other than one (hilling foron paying his or their attendance with every fuch prifoner at fuch general a fee of 1 /. quarter feffion, or general feffion, or any adjournment thereof, to the Gaoler) in order for his, heir, or their difeharge, (and which eyery fuch (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of fuch prifon or prifons, is and are hereby authorifed to receive and take for every fuch order): And every fuch order (hall be a fuf- wj,0 be ficient difeharge to the (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or indemnified keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, and (hall indemnify him or for the efcap^. them againft any efcape or efcapes, or adiion or adtions whatfo-ever for efcape, which (hall or may be brought, commenced, or profecuted againft him or them.

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Eftatc andef. That all the eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft, of fuch debt- felh of the or, of, in, and unto, all the real eftate, as well freehold and co- prifoner, upon py as cuftomaryhold, and to all the perfonal eftate, debts, and n» difchiige, effe&s, of every fuch debtor, (hall, immediately after fuch ad- c|erk of m judication, be, and the fame is hereby vefted in the clerk of the the peace, peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace

of and for the county, riding, city, town corporate, divifion, li-

berty, or place, where any luch debtor (hall be refpedtively dif- wboistomake

charged $ and every fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or0*"*1***111*

D d 3	other	totheaffign*c*

m

flamed by the court j

for which he {hall be paid

* *f

Affignee* im-

Anno vicefimO primo Geoegii III. c. 63. f 178

other officer aCling as clerk of the peace, is hereby directed and Required to make an affignment and conveyance of every fuch debtor’s eftate and effe<fts, verted in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace, as afore-faid, to fuch creditor or creditors of the faid debtor, as theju-ftices at any general quarter feffion of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which ffiall be held by them within their re• fpeCtive jurifdi&ions, fhall order and direct, (which affignment and conveyance (hall be good and effeClual in law, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper damped); and to veft the eftates thereby affigned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the fame ihall be fo affigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, ad-miniftrators, and affigns, according to the eftate and interest the debtor had therein; and for the preparing, ingroffing, and executing of which affignment and conveyance, no clerk of the peacey town clerk, or other officer aflingas clerk of the peace, Ihall take any greater fee than two (hillings; and every fuch affignment and conveyance (hall be in truft for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every fuch debtor to whom the fame fhall be made, and the reft of the creditors qf fuch debtor, in

............ refpeCt	or in proportion to their refpe&ive debts; and every per-

povfcredtofue, fon or perfons to whom any fuch affignment and conveyance as aforefaid fhall be made, is and are hereby fully impoweyed to fue, from time to time, as th?re may be occafion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any eftate or effects of any fuch debtor, and alfo to execute any truft uuft^fwwer 6r Power vefted in, or created for thp ufe or benefit of any fuch for the prifon- debtor, but in truft for the benefit of him or themfelyes, and the er,	feft of the creditors of every fuch debtor; and to give difipharge

and difpharges to any debtor or debtors of any fuch perfon as (hall be requifite: And every fuch affignee or aflignees fhall, with all convenient fpeed, after his or their accepting any fuch affignment or conveyance, ufe his and their beft endeavours to receive and get in the eftate and effe&s of every fuch debtor; and fhall with all convenient fpeed, make fale of all the eftates of fuch debtor, vefted in fuch affignee or aflignees; and if any fuch debtor (hall be interefted in, or intitled to, any real eftate, either in pofleflipn, reyeifiort, or expectancy, the fame, within the fpacc of two months after every fuch affignment and conveyance, fhall be fold by publick auction, in fuch manner, and 5t fuch place, as the major part of the creditors of any fuch debtor, who fhall afleipble together on gny notice in writing pub-Jifhed in the London Gazette, or in fomp daily paper, if the debtor before his going to gaol refided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elfewhere, then iq fome newfpaper which (hall be publifhed in or near the county, riding, divifion, dry, town, liberty, or placp, in which fuch debtor dwelt before fie or (he was committed to gaol, thirty days before any fuch fale fhall be made, fhall, under his hand, or their hands, agree with*	pvery	fych	affignee	or	aflignees, ^ $e end of three

Affignee* to get in the ef-fefts of the debtor, and fell the fame;

and to fell within two months, the debtor'* real tJUte, &c.

Digitized by L^ooQle

1781.] Anno viccfimo prlmo Georgii III. c. 63;

months at fartheft, from the time of his or their accepting any in three fuch aflignment or conveyance as aforefaid, (hail make a juftm0llt^il and fair dividend of all fuch debtor’s eftate and effects which (hall have been then recovered amongft his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to each creditor’s refpeCtive debts; but before any fuch dividend (hall be made, fuch aflignee or aflignees firft making (hall make up an account of fuch debtor’s eftate, and make oath up their ac-in writing, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of count*, and the county, riding, divifion, town, liberty, or place, in which uwln oath/"1 any fuch debtor lhall have been difcharged, that every fuch ac- ^ count contains a juft and fair account of the eftate and effects of every fuch debtor got in by or for fuch aftignee or aflignees, and of all payments made in refpeCt thereof, and that all payments in every fuch account charged were truly, and bona fide, 5° day* notice made and paid; and notice of the making of every fuch divi-dend (hall be publifhed in like manner as a meeting of the ere- dend'*8’ * ditors is herein-before directed to be publifhed, thirty days at andnone to lead before the fame (hall be made; and no creditor (hall be al- receive any lowed to receive any (hare of fuch dividend, until he (hall have (hare until made out the juftnefs and identity of his refpeCtive debt by oath, tllcy have or due proof in writing before fome fuch juftice or juftices : And thClf if any creditor of fuch debtor (hall be diflatisfied with the reality ~ . ' . .	.

or fairnefs of any debt claimed by any other creditor, then the to be exanSn-fame, at the requeft of any fuch creditor or creditors fo diflatis- ed into and fied, (hall be examined into by the juftices of the county, rid- determin€d.by iog, divifion, city, liberty, or place, in which fuch debtor (hall thc court* have been adjudged to have been intitled to the benefit of this aCt, at their next general quarter feflion, and what they (hall there determine in the premifes (hall be conclufive to all parties:

And if, after payment of all fuch debtor’s creditprs, there (hall Surplus of the any of his eftate and effects remain after payment of all reafon- debtor’s eitate able charges, the fame (hall be paid to fuch debtor, his executors J® ** P“d to or adminiftrators.

XVI.	Andy to the intent that no lofs may arife to any creditor or creditors from any negleft or omijfion in the fchedule not containing the whole of the efiatty real or perfonaly belonging to any debtor who Jhall apply for his or her difchargey under the authority of this aft; be it enaCted, That all the eftate, whether real or perfonal. Creditors not which (hall belong to any debtor or debtors, and of which he, to fuffer from (he, or they, (hall be actually poffefled at the time of making fuch any omiQon fchedule, (hall be deemed and taken to be a part of the eftate contained in fuch fchedule, though not inferted therein, and	c£atc# *

(hall in like manner become vefted in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer ailing as fuch, to all intents and pur-

Eofes, as if the fame had been contained in fuch fchedule, and ad been delivered into the court according to the directions of this alt.	*

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That no perfon	’

holding any fecurity whatfoever, for which the insolventPlW“®* never received any valuable confideration, (hall be intitled to receive any benefit from his eftate.

Dd* .	XVIII.	Provided

394	Anno	vicefimo	primo	Georgii III. c.6$.	[1781*

On death or XVIII. Provided always, and be it enadted, That in cafe of removal of the death or removal of any clerk of the peace, town clerk, Qf any clerk of pther officer adting as clerk of the peace, as aforefaid, in whom dehfo^eitates l^e e^ate> right, title, intereft, or truft, of any debtor or debt-to become ors, (hall have vefted by the authority of this adt; every fuch vefttd in their eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft, (hall become vefted in the fucceffors. fucceffor or fucceffors to every fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, as aforefaid, refpedtively, as the cafe may be, to all intents and purpofcs whatfoever, under the provifions of this adt.

Kofuitin XIX. Provided further, and be it alfo enadted, That no fuit equity to be in equity (hall be commenced by any aflignee or affignecs of commenced any fuch debtor’s eftate and effects, without the confent of the ftnt oif ma’o* maJor Part *n va^uc °* l^e editors of fuch debtor, who (hall ritv in vSueof mcct together purfuant to a notice to be given in the London creditors. GazettAor that purpofe.

Clerk of the XX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, peace to exhi- That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer atfting bit to the ere- as c]erk of the peace, of every refpedtive county, city, and attorney, on %county town, and county riding, divifion, cinque port, liberty, payment of is. and place, with whom any fchedules of the eftates of any infol-the fchedule vent debtor or debtors (hall be left, and his fucceffors, clerk of of any pnfon- the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the er s e tate 1 peace as aforefaid, (hall, on the reafonable requeft of any creditor or creditors of fuch infolvent debtor or debtors, or his or their attorney, produce and (hew, to fuch creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the day-time, the fchedule of the eftates of any fuch infolvent debtor or debtors, which (hall be left with any fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, or his predecefTor in that office; the perfon fo requiring to fee and perufe any fuch fchedule, paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, in whofe cuftody any fuch fchedule (hall be, or his deputy, the fum of one (hilling tor his trouble in fearching for, and looking out, fuch fchedule, and attending whilft the fame (hall be perufed by the party or parties requiring to have the fame looked out, and to perufe the Atteftedcopy fame: and that a true copy of every fuch fchedule, figned by the whereof <0 be clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk deemed legal 0f the peace, in whofe cuftody the fame (hall be, or his deputy, eyi ence. purporting the fame to be a true copy of fuch fchedule, without being wrote on (tamped paper, and for which copy no more (hall be paid than fixpence by the (beet, (each (heet to contain feven-ty-two words, and fo in proportion tor a lefs number of words,) {hall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatfoever as legal Clerk of the evidence of the fame : and if any clerk of the peace, or his de* peace refuting puty, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, to produce (hall, on reafonable requeft as aforefaid, negledt or refufe to pro* duce to any fuch creditor or creditors as aforefaid, or his or their copy thereof, attorney> any fuch fchedule as aforefaid, and to permit the fame Ice. 1 to be infpedted as aforefaid, in the day*time, on fuch payment

................................. of

Digitized by Google

295

1781.5 Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. C.6$*

or tender as aforefaid being made to him; or fhall afk or take more than after the rate of fixpence by the flieet, each fheet to contain fevcnty-two words, and fo in proportion for Jefs than feventy-two words in a fheet; or fhall refufe to make and deliver a copy of any fuch fchedule, on being requeued as aforefaid fo to make the fame, and having the money tendered to him for payment of fuch copy, after the rate aforefaid ; fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; which fhall and (hall forfeit may be fued for and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of 10I. and tre* record at fVeJiminifter, by adion of debt, together with treble Wc cofta 5 cods of fuit, m the name of any perfon who fhall profecute for the fame: and one moiety of which money forfeited fhall, when 0ne moiety to recovered, go to the party who profecuted for the fame, and the Pand the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parifh in which the ofr other to the fence fhall be committed.	poor of the

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enafled. That before fuch pwifli. time as any afEgnee or aflignees as aforefaid fhall enter on, or Aflignees of take any profit from, any copyhold or 9Liftomary eftate, ascoPyholdor aforefaid, he or they fhall agree and compound with the lord or efU^taT lords of the manor or manors of whom the fame (hall be hold- compound en, for the payment of fuch fine or income as, upon any fur- with the lord render and admiflion thereto, hath heretofore been moftufually accuftomed to be paid; and that upon every fuch agreement gfi

or compofition, the (aid lord or lords for the time being, at the thereupon, next court, or fome fubfequent court, which (hall be holden for the laid manor or manors, after fuch agreement made, (hall admit fuch aflignee or aflignees tenant to fuch copyhold or cuf-tomary premifes, according to the cuflom of the (aid manor at manors of which the fame (hall be holden, for and during fiich eftate and intereft as the faid debtor had therein at the time of his or her being adjudged intituled to the benefit of this aft, as aforefaid, referving the rents, duties, heriots, cufloms, and fervices, payable and to be rendered in refped of the faid copyhold or cuftomary premifes.

XXII.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained (hall ex- Tbe debtor’s tend to prejudice or affed any eftate or intereft, or right what- right and in-foever, of any other perfon or perfons, other than the faid debt- tereft. See. or, which may be expedant upon, or fubjed unto, the eftate or

intereft of the faid debtor, hereby veiled in the faid clerk of the y peace, town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace; but that the eftate, intereft, and right whatfoever, of every other perfon or perfons, (hall remain, continue, and be faved to them, in the fame manner as if this ad had not been made.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority All mort-

aforefaid, That nothing in this ad fhall extend, or be confined gages, &c. t* Jo hinder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages upon the eftate uk* P*3** of fuch debtor or debtors,-or any part thereof, to take place up-	«n*

on-the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprifed in fuch inferior na-mortgage or mortgages refpedively; nor to prevent any ftatute- tuie. fiaple, ftatute-roerchant, recognizance, or judgement, acknowledged by, or obtained againft, any fuch debtor or debtors, to

take •

Digitized by v^»ooQle

%g6	Anno	viceGtpo primo Georgii III. C. 63. [1781.

take place upon the lands, tenements, or real eftate of fuch debtor or debtors; and alfo where any inquifition (hall have been taken upon any fuch ftatute or recognizance, or any writ or execution (hall have been taken out and delivered to the (he-riff or proper officer, upon any fuch judgement before fuch dif-charge (hall be"given in open feffion to any fuch perfon as afore-faid, the perfonal eftate of every fuch debtor refpedlively (hall be fubjedt thereto, in the firft place, for fo much as (hall remain due upon fuch mortgage, (latute, recognizance, or judgement refpedlively, in like manner as fuch mortgages and creditors, by ftatute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, againft the real or perfonal eftate of fuch debtor and debtors refpedlively, if this ad had not been made; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Power in	XXIV.	And	whereas	many	perfons	who may be intitled to, ani

k^i?r>)ands €^m benefit of this aft, are feifed and poffejfed of lands, tent-&c. vffted in ment5* an& hereditaments, to hold to fuch debtors for the term of their fdfignccs*	natural lives,	with power of granting leafes, and taking fines, referv

ing fmall rents on Juch efiates, for one, two, or three lives, in pojjtf-fion or reverfton, or for fome number of years determinable upon lives, which faid powers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors of fuch debtors; be it therefore enadled by the authority aforesaid, That in every fuch cafe, all and every the powers of leafing fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or (hall be veiled in any fuch debtor or debtors, as aforefaid, (hall be, and are hereby vefted in the aflignee or affignees of the real and perfonal eftate of fuch debtor by virtue of this adl, to be by fuch aflignee or affignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of fuch debtors as aforefaid.

The idling XXV. And whereas in fome gaols or prifons in this kingdom, the time of deli-* °ffice °f &ao^r or deeper is held in fee for life, or otberwife, by per* wring the	fins who never aft as gaolers or keepers tbemfelves, or know any thing

lifts only	of the prifoners therein, but depute or employ fome perfon or perfons

Hehle to be under them as gaolers or keepers of fuch gaols or prifons; be it there-tP0111* fore enadled, That, in every fuch cafe, the perfon who (hall have been adlually employed and adted as deputed gaoler or keeper of any fuch gaol or prifon, at the time of the delivering in the lifts, hereby diredted to be delivered in, of prifoners in any fuch gaol or prifon, at any general quarter feffions of the peace, or Tome adjournment thereof, and not the principal goaJ-Jer or keeper, (unlefs where fuch principal goaler or keeper (hall adl as gaoler or keeper himfelf,) (hall take the oath herein-before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every fuch gaol or prifon.

Court* on re- XXVI. And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That creditor, to * Ju®ces> at any general quarter feffions of the peace, or ad-adminifteran journment thereof, to which any prifoner (hall be brought in oath to the purfuance of this adl, (hall, if required by any creditor or credi-gaoler. • tors of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, who (hall oppofc his or her difeharge, adminifter and give to the gaoler, or the perfon

who

$97

tjiuJ	Anno vicefimo prime GeoRgii III. c. 6%.

who ads as gaoler or keeper of any fuch prifon at the time of bringing up any fuch prifoner, in order to be difeharged under this ad, an oath to thd following effed ; (that is to fay,)

I A. B. do [wear, That	^	Was	really	and	truly a T. .

prifoner in my cujloiy, in the prifon of	to theT c 0. *

btjl of my knowledge and belief at or upon the fir ft day of January, one tboufand fevenbundred and eighty-one; and that the copy or copies of the caufe or caufes of his [or her'] commitment on detainer, now by me brought with the body of the faid	and	produced

(o this court, is or are a true copy or copies of the caufe or caufes of fuch detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by me, or ony other perfon whatfoever, to tbebejl of my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

And if any perfon who was gaoler or keeper, or deputy gaoler if fuch perfon or keeper* of any ftich gaol or prifon, on the faid firft day of fhall not hay* January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, or fince, been gaoler Shall not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or	j*

keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon, at the time any fuch lift as fiuii’take the ttforefaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the juftices, following at any fuch fellion, or at any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to adminifter and give to the refpedive perfon or perfons, who (hall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon, and deliver in any fuch lift as aforefaid, at any fuch general or quarter feflion, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any fuch prifon, to the effed following; (that is to fay,)

1A. B. do fwear, That I have examined the commitments, or books kept of or concerning the commitment, of prifoners to the pri- Oath. fin of	in the [county, riding, divifion, city,

town, place, or liberty of	as	the	cafe	fhall

be;] and that I do verily believe that the faid commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this purpofe: and by them it doth appear that was, on the firjl day of January, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-one, really and truly a prifoner in the actual cuftody of

the then gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of the faid prifon, without fraud or deceit by me, or any other perfon qr perfons, to my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

CVII. And, in order to difeover any fraudulent entries or com- Court at the nts of debtors in any gaol books, be it further enaded by the °f*

rif-V	That	anv	nrAn«raI AI> niMVtAt*	or, waj

XXVII.

mu mints oJ~——- - — —j o—-.	—	■	-	I _	^

authority aforefaid. That the juftices, at any general or quarter futumon tho fellion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby perfon who juthorifed, at -the fequeft qf any creditor or creditor* of any atted at gaol-

***XSti*

Digitized by

Google

and examine him, on oath, &c«

Sheriff or gaoler, difo-crying order of court, to forfeit iool. with treble coiU.

398	Anno	vicefimo	primo GeoRGII III. c. 63. [1781.

debtor, to convene before them, at fome certain time to be appointed by them, any perfon or perfons who was or were gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any gaol orprifon within their refpedtive jurifdidlions, on the faid firft day of Ja-nuary, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, or at any time fince; and to examine every fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in cuftody of any fuch debtor, as the juftices, at any fuch general or quarter feflion, or adjournment thereof, lhall think fit: and if any (heriff, gaoler, or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall negledt or refufe to bring before fuch juftices, at any feflion of the peace, or adjournment thereof, any prifoner as (hall be direded and required by warrant of any juftice or juftices as aforefaid, or to attend on being fumtnoned for that purpofe; 6r if any gaoler or keeper attending (hall refufe to make anfwer and difeovery in the premifes, as lhall be reafonably required at fuch general or quarter feflion, or any adjournment thereof, he, (he, or they, fo offending in the pre-mifes (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds; to be recovered, by and in the name, and for the ufe, of the party injured, by a&ion of debt, to be brought in his or her name, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminller, together with treble cofts of fait.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* faid, That if any gaoler of keeper of any prifon, or his deputy or deputies, (hall, without juft caufe, to be approved of by the

......_	juftices	at fome general quarter feflion or general feflion of the

regulations'of peace, or adjournment thereof, within their refpedive jurisdic-— tions, refufe or delay to bring any fuch prifoner or prisoners as aforefaid to any fuch general quarter feflion, or general feffioo, or fome adjournment thereof, in order to his or her difeharge, or (hall negledt, refufe, or designedly Omit to infert, in any fuch lift, the name or names of any fuch prifoner or prifooers who was or were actually in cuftody in his or their refpedive gaol or prifon, on the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one; or who was let at large, or who was furrendered, or tendered to be furrendered, as aforefaid; or (hall neglelt or refufe to make out, fix up, or deliver fuch lifts as aforefaid ; or if any fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall neg)e<5t or refufe to take any of the faid oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or (hall, upon any account or pretence w hat foever take or receive more than the faid fum of one (hilling herein-before allowed for his or her.attendance in order to be difeharged of fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid; or (hall detain any fuch prifoner after he or (he (hall be difeharged as aforefaid; or if the printer of the London Gazette, or other newfpaper, as aforefaid, (hall wilfully refufe or negledt to infert therein the notice by this a& dire&ea to be given, on reafonable requeft to him made for that purpofe, and tender of the money hereby diredted to be paid; or (hall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than two-pence

ai

Gaoler, or printer of the Gazette, &c. not complying with the

this alt, to forfeit tool, for each offence, with treble cods.

Digitized by Google

S99

1781.] Anno viecfimo prime Georgii III, c. 63.

as aforefaid for doing thereof; every fuch goaier and keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, his deputy or deputies, and every fuch printer as aforefaid, (hall refpedively forfeit and pay to each debtor, in any fuch, cafe injured, the fum of one hundred pounds 5 which (hall and may be recovered, with treble cofts of foit, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Weflminjler, wherein no effoin, protedion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (full be allowed.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Gaoler, don-That if any fuch gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, or any vided of per-deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prifon, (hall, in taking of the ia,T» afore-mentioned oaths, forfwear or perjure himfelf, and (hall	““

thereof be lawfully convided, fuch goaier or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of fuch prifon or prifons, (over and above fuch penalties as may be inflided on perfons convided of perjury,; (hall, upon every fuch convidion, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds5 to be recovered, with full cofts, by bill, plaint, or information, or adion of debt, in any of his Ma-' jefty’s courts of record at Wtftminflir, wherein no eftoin, pro-tedion, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, by and in the name of fuch perfon or perfons, his and their executors and adminif* trators, to whom any affignment or conveyance, in purfuance of this ad, (hall be made, of the eftate and effeds of fuch prifo-ner or prifoners; and if no fuch affignee or affignees (hall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who (hall fue for the (aid penalties; to be applied, one Application moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety ot the penalty towards iatisfadion of the debts of fuch his creditor or creditors.

XXX.	And be it further enaded. That if any clerk of the Clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer ading as debtor a clerk of the peace, (hall delay or refufe to give every or any fuch COpy 0f hi« debtor adjudged to be intituled to his difeharge as aforefaid, di&harge, within fourteen days after fuch adjudication, a copy of the order or taking ert-©f adjudication, on the payment of two (hillings and fixpence y

or (hall take more than the fum of two (hillings and fixpence 10|. to the for fuch, copy ; or (hall take more than one (hilling for an af- prifoner. fignment or conveyance of fuch debtor’s eftate or effeds ; every fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace, who (hall fo offend, and whd (hall be convided at any fuch general or quarter feftion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, of any fuch offence, (hall* for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay to every fuch prifoner the fum of twenty pounds, as the juftices of the peace, at any fuch general or quarter feffion of the peace, or adjournment* thereof, (hall order} and who are hereby impowered to caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of the goods of any fiich clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace, fo offending*

XXXI.	And be it further enaded'by the authority aforefaid*

That

Digitized by

Google

Debtor, &c. convi&ed of

Perfon* dif-cbarged by this adt, not liable to im-prifonment for debt, &c. contra died be* fort Jan, i, X7Si.

But no prifoner to be difcharged of debts fubfe-quent thereto.

Jufticet, See, ynay plead this aft to any action brought againft them, and recover treble toft*.

Anho viceGmo primd Georgii III. a63. [1781;

That if any debtor as aforefaid, who (hall take the'benefit of this aft, (hall forfwear and perjure himfelf, herfelf, or tfcca* (elves, in any oath to be taken under this aft, and (hall belli* fully convifted thereof, he, (he, or they, fo offending, ftuflk adjudged guilty of felony.

XxXIl. And be it further enafted by the authority afordid, That no perfon intitled to the benefit of this aft, (hall, at ay time hereafter, be imprifoned by reafon of any judgement or4^ cree obtained for payment of money only, or for any defc^ bond, damages, contempts, cods, fum or fums of money, oak traded, incurred, occafioned, owing, or growing due beforcir faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred at eighty-one; but that upon every arreft upon every judgerav or fuch decree, or for fuch debts, damages, contempts, cols, fum and Aims of money, it (hall and may be lawful for anf; judge of the court where the procefs iffued, or for any twoiaM tiecs of the peace, upon (hewing the copy of fuch order afat^ judication as aforefaid, to releafe and difebarge out of cuMjr* fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid; and (hall, at the fine time, order the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch fuit or fuits, topif fuch prifoner or prifoners the cods he, (he, or they (hall bine incurred on fuch occafion, or fo much thereof as to fuch jadgf or iudices (hall feem juft and reafonable; and every fuch jodp* is hereby impowered fo to do on fuch prifoner’s caufing a common appearance to be entered for him in every fuch aftkm at fuit.

XXXIII.	And whereas, under former efts of this kind, hbt have arifen* what was to be done with fuch prifoners who appbdf any feffion to be difcharged* who owed and food cbarged witbidt^ as well previous as fubfequent to the day limited by the refpefl'wedfy fo remedy which, be it therefore enafted by the authority ate* faid, That no prifoner or prifoners (hall be difcharged of tff* debts fubfequent to the firft day of January, one thoufand fait hundred and eighty-one$ and if it (hall appear to the jufiaeij* in any fefiion or adjournment, that any prifoner or priibom?: then applying to them to be difcharged, (hall (land charged *: well with debts previous to as fubfequent to the firft dayof%«* nuary, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, that, inm cafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for die iuftices to# charge the perfon of foch prifoner on account of all detofft* vious to the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven k* dred and eighty-one, and to remand him or her back to tk cuftody of the keeper of the prifon from whence he or li was brought, for all debts with which he or (he (lands ohajd with in bis cuftody, fubfequent to the faid firft day of

pne thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted by tbe authority afa* faid. That if any aftion of efcape, or any ftiit or a&oa, be brought againft any juft ice or juft ices of the peace, fheriff,

er, or keeper of any prifon, for performing their office, is ptf* fuance Of this aft, they may plead tbe general iffue, and gk

Ibil

Digitized by

Google

1781.] Anno vicefimo prime Georgii III. c. 6$.	40t

this aft in evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, or dif-continue his aftion, or verdift pafs againft him, or judgement upon demurrer, the defendant (hall have treble cofts.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Perrons dif-laid, That if any Scire Facias, or aftion of debt, or upon judge- char|cd may ment, (hall be brought againft any prifoner, his or her heirs, jjj?" §^et^ executors, or adminiftrators, upon any judgement obtained an iaions or againft any fuch prifoner, or on any ftatute or recognizance ac- judgements knowledged by him or her, before the faid firft day of January, brought one thoufand feven hundred and eighty one,^ with refpeft to

debtors fet at large and furrendered, or tendering themfelves as h ,7si, &c. aforefaid, or in aftual cuftody, on the faid firft day of January, *	1

one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, it (hall be lawful for any fuch debtor, his or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, to plead generally that fuch debtor was fet at large, and furrendered or offered to furrender as aforefaid, was aftually a prifoner in fuch prifon at fuch a perfon’s fuit on the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one; and was or were duly difcharged according to this aft, at the general quarter feflion or general feflion, or adjournment thereof, held ac fuch time and place, for fuch county, riding, divifion, liberty, city, town, or place, (as his, her, or their cafe is,) without pleading any matter fpecially; and in cafe any other fuit &qd in other or aftion (hall be commenced againft him, her, or them, for any other debt, fum or fums of money, due before the faid firft day	their

of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, to perfons from plead in discharge of his or her perfon from execution (over and execution, above fuch matters as aforefaid,) that fuch debt or fum of money fas the cafe (hall happen) was contrafted or due before the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eight-one, without pleading any other matter fpecially; whereto the Plaintiff may plaintiff (hall or may reply generally, and deny the matters reply general* pleaded as aforefaid,- or reply any other matter or thing which may (hew the faid defendant not to be intitled to the benefit of this aft, or not duly difcharged according to it, in the fame manner as the plaintiff might have replied, in cafe the defendant had pleaded this aft, and his difeharge, by virtue of this aft, fpecially; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, difeontinue his ac- butifnon-tion, or verdift pafs againft him, or judgement on demurrer, ruitedi to pay the defendant to have treble cofts.	trebIe coft>-

XXXVI.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contain- Attomies or

ed (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to releafe or difeharge	em*

any attorney at law, or folicitor, or any other perfon or perfons	ex*"

afting, or pretending to aft as fuch, with regard to any debt eluded the be* with which he or they (hall (land charged for any money, or nefit of tbit other effefts, recovered and received by him or them, for the *&♦

ufe of any perfon or perfons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, folicitor, or other perfon or perfons afting as fuch, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own ufe ; or to releafe or difeharge any fervant or agent, or any per-ion or perions employed or intruded as fuch, with regard to any

debt

Digitized by v^ooQle

402	Anno	vicefimo	primo	GeorGII	III.	c. 63. [17(1.

debt or demand with which he, (he, or they (hall ftand charged, for and on account of any money, goods, or other effedis, re-» ceived or poflefled by him, her, or them, for tlie ufc, and on account of his, her, or their matter or matters, or employers, and by fuch fervant or agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to hrs, her, or their own ufe; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not with (landing.

Per fom who, XXXVII. And whereas many evil-difpefed per fins, U fippert by falfc pre- their prop gate way of Ufa have, by various JubtlcjlratagemSy threats, tcnc5#» |javc and devices, fraudulently obtained divers fums of money, goods, warej, merchandizes, bonis, bills of exchange, promiffory notes, or other fiat-&c. excluded rities for money, to the great injury of induftrious families, and to the the benefit of manifeft prejudice of trade and credit; be it ena&ed, That no pri-foner, who knowingly and defignedly, by falfe pretence or pretences, (hall have obtained, from any perfon or perfons, money, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promiffory notes, or other fecurites for money, (hall hav^ or receive any benefit or difeharge by or under this adt; but the juftices, at any general or quarter feflion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any fuch prisoners (hall be brought, upon due proof of the matter, made to their fatisfa&ion, mall remand fuch prifoner to the cuttody of the gaoler or keeper of the prifon from whence he or (he (hall have been brought; aay thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftaoding. wh ^F’?hm XXXVIII. And whereas many debtors, for rents of lands, unfit* fix years fhall a&es' houfes, or other premifis, have, with a fraudulent intent to difi have fraudu- appoint the right of their refpeftive landlords, removed the flock, temly remot- cattle, furniture, goods, or other iff efts, which were fubjefl and liakle 'k*/ur' to he difl rained for the fatisfaflion of the faid rents ; be it ena&ed fiablcTto be by authority aforelaid, That no prifoner or prifoners, who, diftrained for in a fecret, clandeftine, or fraudulent manner, (hall have remov-fern, (ball be ed, or caufed to be removed, within fix years before the patting thk^6C<*by l^*s a(^> any	catlIe, furniture, goods, or effeds, of

the value of fifty pounds, or upwards* which were fubje&aod liable to be dittrained by their refpe&ive landlords, for or in payment of fuch rent or rents, whereby filch landlord or landlords (hall have lott all or fome part of the rent or rents due to him, her, or them, as aforefaid, (hall be difeharged by or uoder this a&; but, (hall, on due proof of the matter as aforefaid, be remanded in manner herein-before mentioned; any thing here* in contained to the contrary notwithttanding.

Any perfon	XXXIX. And whereas many debtors have»with a view to depart

bating fold or their creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed, or affignei, their tfleU afflgned any anj effefls to fome perfon or per fins, fubfequent to their being in eufloij eftateoref- *f ^aw* or tmprifinei under fome proofs for debt: and wberm fefts, after be- fitch file, transfer, conveyance, or afiignumt, has been frequently mode, ing in cuftody to the infinite prejudice of the fair and honeft creditor, though fuffid* j	to	proof could not be obtained to convifi the party of a fraudulent it*

credits, fisn\ ^ lX enacted* That whenever it (hall be proved, by one (hall lofe’the or more credible witnefs or witnefles, to the fatisJadion of the benefit of this court, to which any prifoner (hall be brought up, in order to aa.	obtaia

Digitized by

’Google

1781.] Anno vicefimo prlmo Georgii ITI. c. 63.	403

obtain his or her difcharge, that fuch prifoner has fold, transferred, conveyed, or afligned,* to any perfon or perfons, all or any part of his eftatc or effects, fubfequent to the time of his imprifonment, or of his being in cuftody of law, without juft caufe for fo doing, to be allowed by the juftices prefiding in fuch court as aforefaid j every fuch debtor (hall lofe all the benefits and advantages that he might have otherwife claimed under the authority of this a<5t, and (hall not be intitled to his or her dif~ charge; and every fuch fale, transfer, conveyance, or aflign-rtient, is hereby declared to be null and void.

XL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Gaoler to per-That every gaoler or keeper of any prifon (hall, and is hereby m-t the fpeak-required to fuffef, in the day-time, any perfon or perfons, de-firing the fa trie, to fee and fpeak, in the lodge, or fome conveni- whole namVa ent room in the faid prifon, with any prifoner or prifoners, are inferted in fchofes tiame are inferted in the afore-mentioned lift or lifts, the lilt, or or London Gazette, or other newfpapers, or any of them, Gazcttc# dr any perfons furrendering themfelyes purfuant to this aft; and alfo fee, in the true and genuine books of the faid pri- andtheexa* Ton, the entries made of the name or names of fuch prifoner mining origi-or prifoners, debtor or debtors, together with the name or names nal ho°l« ofc of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit or fuits* he, (he, or they, entr,e8» c* are or were detained: and if any fuch gaolet* or keeper (hall on Penalty of neglect or refufe to comply with what is here above required, every fuch gaoler oi* keeper, who (hall fo offend in the pre- 0 m * mifes, (hall forfeit artd pay, to the perfon fo refafed and aggrieved, the fum of forty pounds; to be recovered, with cofts or fuir, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the Courts at lfajlminjler% wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, of mote than one imparlance, (hall be allowed, by and in (he name or names of the perfon or perfons fo refufed and aggrieved.

XLI. Provided always, -and be it likewife cnadted, That by Difcbarge#f an adjudication by force of this adt, no other perfon or perfons debtor no ac-who was or were pattrter or partners in trade with any fuch debtor at the time of fuch adjudication, or then (food bound, furctnie«. engaged with, or liable to, the payment of any debt with any fach debtor, or engaged in any contradt together with any fuch debtor, (hall be difeharged from any fuch debt or demand $ but every fuch other perfon and perfons (hall feverally ftand and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, fuch debt and debts, and to perform fuch contrails, in like manner as if no fuch adjudication had been made.	^

XLII. And be it further cnadted. That if any gaoler or keep- Oaoler maker, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prifon or prifons, (hall	Jj|£

toake, or caufe to be made, any falfe entries in any book or book^ift?11 books belonging to any prifon or gaol under his care, or of which to foifeit 5001, he is or was gaoler, or fhall prepare or keep, or caufe to be pre- *»r»i trcbl« pared or kept, any falfe book or books, in order for any falfe or cort1, untrue entry or entries to be made therein ; or (hall infert in any hft, to be delivered in as aforefaid, the name or names of any per-Vol. XXXIII.	Ec	fon



Digitized by t^ooQle

^04	Anno	vicefimo	prirtio	Georgii III. c. [ i^8f*

fon or perfons who ^as not fet at large, or furrendered, or tendered to be furrendered, or in aftual cuftody as aforefaid, (except as in the oath of any fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall be excepted,) every fuch gaoler or keeper, qr deputed gaoler or keeper, (nail, over and above the penalties which he (hall be liable to for every fuch fraud, forfeit and pay t .e fum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with treble cods of fuit, by and in the name, and for the ufe, of any perfon or perfons who (hall be prejudiced by any entry, or fuch falfe entries; which penalties (hall and may be recovered by aftion df debt* bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

Debtor refti- XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any debtor, brine tht&bod']*rt t*lcrcunt0 required by any creditor, (hall refufe to difcover and See. of the’ declare the trade or occupation, and habitation* or laft place of port on at	abode, of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit he or Ihe is or was

who'e luit he detained br charged in cuftody; or, if any prifoner being called ^detained, for-f and defited by any creditor or creditors, to come to the lodge of the prifon in which any fuch prifoner (hall be confined, without fome reafonable caufe being made appear to the to he excluded contrary; every fuch debtor, upon proof being made thereof be-the benefit of fore the juftices at any general or quarter feffion of the peace, or thiiaft. any adjournment thereof, to be held as aforefaid, (hall not have or receive any benefit or difeharge by or under this aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftandingfc

Juftices may XLIV. And whereas there is but one common or county goal for affcmble at or each of the rejpeflive counties of York, Lincoln, Lancafter, and near any Durham, which faid counties are each of them divided into feve-and^old*0^ ra^ rt^n& or divifions, all which have feveral commiffions of the fWfionthere Peace * Qn^ lfttje Sao^rs *f thofi gaols be obliged to carry the debtors, for discharge prifoners therein, to the quarter feffion of each riding or divifmy the of prifoners. fame will be a very great charge, not only to fuch gaolers, but alfo to •	the prifonerSy in tboje large counties; be it therefore enacted by the

authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for two or more juftices of the peace for any of the ridings or divifions in the refpeftive counties, (or any other county or counties where the prifons are at a diftance from the place where the feflions are held,) at the common or county goal thereof refpeftively, or at fome Convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to aflemble and meet, and to hold feffion there, by adjournment from their refpeftive quarter feffion, from time to time, for. the difeharge of the refpeftive prifoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and direftions of this aft.

The juft ice» XLV. And whereas the divifion or diftrifl of Holland in thefaii JjioUand in county °f Lincoln, is dijiant near forty miles from the faid countj LincoJnfhire, gaoly and is highly inconvenient and expenfiye for the juftices of the may adjourn peace a fling for the faid divifion% to bo obliged to travel to the faii to the county &aoi9 jcr	purp0fe 0f dtjehargitig the prifoners under the powers

Digitized by v^ooQle

-1781.] Anno vicefimaprimo Georgii III.

405

by this aft given; be it therefore enafted, That, for the feveral g^01, See. for purpofes aforefaid, the juftices for the faid divition or diftrift of difeharging Holland may adjourn their original feffions to the county gaol* prifoner*. or fome place near thereunto; and that, it may and (ball be Jaw ->ful for any two juftices of the peace, afting either for the parts of Lindfty, Kejhvei of Holland, to hold fuch adjourned feffions for the foie purpofe of difeharging fuch prifoners; notice of the adjournment of fuch original feffion being given by the clerk of feffions to fuch juftices, and who (hall attend there to regifter the proceedings of the faid court, fo far as the fame relate, to, oraffeft the difeharge of any prifoner detained for debt in the diviGon of Holland, and claiming the benefit of this aft.

XL VI. And whereas the next general quarter feffions of the peace Juftices for for the county of Surrey, which J,hall happen after the parting of this s^rcou^^ %£m aft, may be in the country, and upwards of twenty miles from any of fembleT^hV the faid prifons \ be it therefore enafted by the authority afore- town hall of faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftieps as (halLbe Southwark w aflembled at the general quarter feffion of the peace to be holden	£Crl

for the county of Surrey, next after the pafling of this aft, and oa	c’

they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the faid feffion to the town-hall in the borough of Southwark, for the purpofe of adminiftering the oaths required to be taken and fubferibed by this aft, by the feveral gaolers within the faid county, and for the difeharge of prifoners or other debtors, according to the powers, limitations, and direftions of this aft.

XLVII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Prifoneri who That all debtors and others, who were in prifon on or before the faid firft day. of January, one thoufand feven hundred and payment of eighty one, in any of the gaols in this kingdom, and now re-	to	be

main there for not paying their fees, rents, or other demands diicbarged. due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or gaoler of any prifon re-(pcftively, or to any other officer of fucli prifon, and upon no other account, (hall be difeharged therefrom, he, (he, or they, taking the oath by this aft required to be taken by prifoners.

XLVI1I. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled This aft not by the authority aforefaid. That this aft (hall not extend, or be to extend to conftrued to extend, to difeharge any perfon feeking the benefit dtbtors t0 of this aft, with tefpeft to any debt or penalty with which he cr0WI1, or (he (hall (land charged at the fuit of the crown, or at the fuit of any fheriff or other publick officer, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any perfon profecuted for any offence committed againft any aft or afts of parliament relative to his Majefty’s revenues of cuftoms, excife, or fait duties, or jeilher of them.

XLIX. And whereas, under former afls9 creditors have been put Determinati-to great expenccs and trouble in attending every fejfton and adjourn* onu* iufl!cef mrf, during the wbolt continuance of the afl, to oppofe the difeharge of debtors clearly excluded from any benefit under the faid refpeflive to the retvo* Affc, but who9 after having been before one feffion heard, and nfufed bon of any difeharge 1 to barrafs their creditors, cotfiantly gave frefh notices for debtor; each fubfeqmnt ftffm and adjournment of their intended application to

E e z

be

Digitized by

4^6

unlefi the debtor get rid of the objections for which they refufed his difeharge. Juflicet, on proof by two witnefies of obje&ions be* ing removed, &C. may dif-t barge fuch piifoner.

Creditor irt* tending to op* pofe the dif-charge of a prifoner, to

five him four ays notice thereof

or pay the ex-.peaces of his 'application, &c.

Per Tons feifed of an eftate tail, ciaiming the benefit of this a&, are to deliver up the fame to Creditors.

Ahno viccfimo primo Georgii III. c. 63. [ 178 r,

he dijcharged\ to remedy which, be it further enadted by tht authority aforefaid, That in all cafes whatever, the detenni* nation of the juftices in feffion or adjournment (hall be final to all intents and purpofes* unlefs the debtor fhall, during the continuance of this adt, get rid of the objection of objections fof which they refufed his difeharge; and, that the fame may be clear and certain* the jufticefc are heteby required to ftate the objections why fuch debtor’s difeharge is refufed by them ; and, in all cafes whatever, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftices, at any fubfequent feflion or adjournment* upon application from the prifoner upon dub proof bn oath made to thein, by two or more credible witnefTes, (which oath they are hereby impowered to adminifter,) of each objection or objections being removed, and on proof of notice ferved, at lead ten days [Previous to fuch application, on the creditor or creditors who before oppofed his difeharge, and of notice likeWife inferted in the Gazette, in manner before directed by this ad, to order futh prifoner to be brought before them, and, if they fhall then be of opinion the faid debtor is intitled to the benefit of this aSt, to adjudge him or her intitled to the benefit of this aCt, and if a prifoner, to order him or her to be difeharged, he dr (he taking the oath, and in all other refpeCts conforming to the directions of this aCt.

L. Provided always, and it is hereby further ehaCted, That When any creditor fhall intend to oppofe the difeharge of any debtor, with whofe debt he is or was charged in cuftody, at the firft quarter feffions of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, he is hereby required to give four days notice of his intention to oppofe fuch difeharge to the prifoner, or to leave fuch notice in writing with the keeper or gaoler of fuch prifon, in order that fuch prifoner may be prepared to make his defence ; and in cafe no fuch notice fhall be given as aforefaid, previous to fuch quarter feffions, or fuch adjournment thereof, and fuch creditor fhall appear to oppofe his or her difeharge, and it (lull happen that the prifoner is remanded, then fuch creditor fhall pay to fuch debtor the expences of his application and attendance, in any fum not exceeding ten pounds, as the jufticcs at fuch feffions (hall direCl and allow.

LI. And whereas it may happen that ftveral perfons, tube may claim and be intitled to the benefit of this aft, are feifed of an eflett tail, in fome freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which entail, with the remainders thereupon expeftant, they have, ty law, power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, fuffer-ing a common recovery or common recoveries, or by furrendtr or fit-renders thereof, whereby fuch perfon or perfons faid freehold or copy* hold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the pit-ment of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms ofjbis oft, for the benefit of their creditors; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Thai in every fuch cafe, fuch perfon or per-fons fo leifed as aforefaid, and who fhall be intitled to, and claim the benefit of this a&, fhall, to all intents and purports whatfo* ever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared

Digitized by Google

1781,] Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGII Hi. c. 63.	407

ed to he feifcd of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments la fee: provided the fame (hall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors qf every fuch prifpner, it\ t(ie fame manner as if fuch perfon or perfons had adiually levied a fine, fuffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a furreiider or furrenders thereof, and thereby had become feifcd in fee; any law, or con-ftrudlion of law,, to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwitlw (landing.

Lll. And whereas many perfons who may take the benefit of this Afligneesmay a&, may be intitled to fundry and great debts and demands, of various aPP*y f?r fUI> and intricate natures, and they may be intitled to equities of redemp-tion of eflate?, fubjeft and liable to mortgages, judgements, and other ors, touching incumbrances, or to reverfeons, remainders, or other contingent efiates thedifcovtry in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to other trufls or tnterefls in of their effects j (fates, both real and perfonal, which may not befufficiently described or difeovered in the fchedule, or inventory, before dirUled to be delivered in, upon oath, as aforefaid, or which may want his aid or affijl-me to adjuft, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of the creditors : be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, Thai it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpe&ive aflignees of the eftate and effedls of fuch debtor or debtors, or any other perfon or perfons duly authorifed by them for that purpofc, front time to time, to apply to any two or more of the juftices of the peace for the county, riding divifion, city, town, place, or lir berty, where fuch perfon or perfons (hall be then refiding, thereby defiring that fuch perfon or perfons may be further fcxamin-ed as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their ef- . . fate or effedls; whereupon fuch juftices (hall fend for or call be- an^ fore them, fuch perfon or perfons, by fuch warrant, fummons^ ^examine ways, or means, as they (hall think (it; and upon fuch perfon's them accord* appearing, (hall examine him, her, or them, as well upon oath ingly * as otherwise, as to fuch matters and things, as fuch affignee (hall defire, relating to the eftate and effedls of fuch perfon qr perfons ; and if any perfon or perfons (on payment or tender of Pcrf°ns repayment of fuch reafonable charges as fuch juftices fhall judge or Intwer^p-* fumcient) (hall negledt or refufe to come and appear, not having on oath, may a lawful excufe, to be made known to fuch juftices, and by be committed them allowed, or, being come before them, (hall refiife to be fworn, or to anfwer to all fuch queftions as by fuch juftices (hall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the difeovery of his, her, or their eftate or effedls, fo veiled, or intended to be veiled, in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adl-tng as clerk of the peace, or in fuch afiignees as afotefaid, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices, by warrant under their hands and Teals, to apprehend fuch perfon or perfons fo offending as aforefaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there tq remain, without bail or main-prize, until fuch time as he, (he, or they, (hall fubmit him, her,

I or themfelves, to fuch juftices, and anfwer upon oath, to all fuch lawful queftions as (hall by fuch juftices, be put to him, her, pr them, for the purpofes aforefaid,

. *s	‘ '	$ e 3	LIII.	And

Digitized by LiOOQle

408	Anno viccfimo puma Georgii III. c.63.	[	178 r~

%o per cent. LIU- And be it further enadted by the authority aforef?id^ allowed for That all and every fuch perfon ajid perfons, who (hall,, within difeovering, twelve months aftef the difeharge of fuch debtor or debtors, months^any0 voluntarily come in and make a difeovery of any part of fuch pari of ardeb- debtor or debtors real or perfonal eftate, as (hall not be comprif-tor’s eftate ed in fuch fchedule as aforefaid, before any juftices aforefaid, not comprifed (hau be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, out jJJijJJ* fchc‘ of the net produce of fuch debtor or debtors eftate which (hall be recovered on fuch difeovery, and which fhajl be paid, tQ fuch perfon or perfons fo difeovering the fame, by the aflignee or aflignees of fuch prifoner’s eftate and effects.

Difeharge ob- LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notvvith-tained fraudu- ftanding the difeharge of any debtor or debtors by virtue of this lem y, voi .	hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudu-

lently, or that any part of the oath taken by any fuch debtor was not true; then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch difeharge (hall be void, and of none effedh Perfons con- LV. And, for the better difeovery of the ejiate and effeth of any, ccaling any debtor ipbo Jball be difebarged by virtue of this at7, be it enadted by Ic^Tofthe t^ie authority aforefaid, That any perfon or perfons who (hall debtor, for- have accepted of any truft or trufts, and (hall wilfully conceal feit tool, and or protedf any eftate, real or perfonal, of any fuch debtor, from double value, his creditors, and (hall not, within thirty days after any aflignee colts of fuit or a®gnC€S in purfuance of this adt, be chofe of any fuch prifoner’s eftate, difeover and difclofe to fuch aflignee or aflignees fuch truft and eftate, in writing, and deliver up or make Qver the fame to fuch aflignee or aflignees, he, (he, or they fo offending (hall, for every luch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and ^lfo double the value of the eftate, either real or perfonal, fo concealed, to and for the ufe of the creditors of any fuch prifoner; to be recovered by adtion of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJiminfter, in the name or names of the aflignee or aflignees of fuch prifoncr's eftate together with treble cofts of fuit.

Affigneei, LVI. An<1 be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, of the °majo- That lt (hall he lawful, at all times hereafter, for-any rity in value aflignee or. aflignees of the eftate or effedls of any debtor or of the credi- debtors who (hall be chofe in purfuance of this adt, by and with compound for e0Qfent of the major part in value of fuch perfon or perfons debu°due to creditors, who (hall be prefent at a meeting to be held, on the debtor's twenty-one days publick notice being previoufly given, for the ettatej purpofe hereafter ipentioned, in the London Gazette, if the debtor was in cuftody in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, then alfo in fome newfpaper which (hall be published in the county, city, or place, in or near which any fuch perfon (hall have been in gaol to make cotripofition with any perfon or perfons debtors or accountants to fuch debtor or debtors, where the fame (hall appear neccflary or rca-aiid m*y fob- fonable; and to take fuch reafcnable part of any fuch debt, as pute^ating can> uPon foch'coropofition, be gotten, in full difeharge of fuch thereroto ar- debts and accounts, apd alfo to fubmit any difference or difpute hiiration. between.fuch aflignee or aflignees, and any perfon or perfons,

for

. Digitized by

i7&i.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III, C% 63.	409

for or on account, or by rcafon or means of any'matter, caufe, or thing relating to fuch debtor or debtors eftate and effefts, or to any debt or debts due, or claimed to be due, to pr from fuch debtor or debtors, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be phofen by the faid afiignee or affignees, and the major part in value of fuch creditors, and the party or parties	v	%

with whom they (hall have no difference; and to perform the award of fuch arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chofen by them, or otherwifp to fettle and agree the matters in difference pr difpute between them, in fuch manner as the faid affignee or affignees, with fuch confent as aforefaid, (hall think fit and caq agree; and the fame (hall be binding to all the creditors of fuch debtor or debtors; and every fuch affignee or affignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they fhall fairly do in the premifes,

\n purfuanc$ of this aft.

LVII. And whereas provlfion ought to be made as to what Jbou'd if afiignee* die become of the ejlate and effects of any debtor or. debtors, not got in, ob- before the et-tained, or recovered) by any ajjignee or affignees ch’ofe purfuant to the fctfs of the * directions of the feveral afts, at the time of his or their death or deaths, and wbofe heir or heirs, executors, administrators, and affigns, refufed fheiHteh-s, to aft or meddle therein; to remedy which, be it cnafted, That &c. refute to in all fuch cafes, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the credi- aft, other ai’w tors of every fuch debtor or debtors to chufe a new affignee or fignc5*l°bo affignees in manner and form as herein-before is direfted, and tq app0Mllc * pbtain a new alignment from the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer afting as clerk of the peace, and creditors purfuant to the order of the jjuftices, and which faid order the t0 obtain a faid juftices are hereby required and impowered to direft, (on from the due proof on oath being made to them of the death of fuch clerk of the former affignee or affignees, and refufal of his or their heirs, ex- peace, which ecutors, adminiftrators, or affigns, to aft or meddle therein.;) the juftices and the faid clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or are other officer afting as clerk of the peace, are hereby imppwered Sa*roobrv to obey the fame, and execute fuch affignment accordingly, in {he order, as planner and form as if no former affignment had ever been if noafliert* made; the faid affignee or affignees, clerk of the peace, or his men t had been deputy, town clerk, or other officer afting as clerk of the peace, roa. hereby conforming to all orders and directions made by this aft relative to them, or any of them; and to be liable to all fuch pains and penalties as are inflifted on them, or any of them, by virtue of this aft, for difobediepce in any part thereof, or neg-Jeft of duty whatever; and in cafe any fuch affignee or affignees fhall die, and his heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, fhall refufe to aft, that then, and in fuch cafe, it lhall be lawful for fuch juftices of the peace to appoint a new affignee or affignees, with the like powers and authorities as are given by this aft; and the faid jpftices fhall have power, in a fummary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, of iuch affignee or affignees, to account and deliver up all fuch eftate and effiefts as fhall remain in bis or their hands, to be applied for the purpofes of this aft.

IrVUI, And* to tie intent and purpofe that tit tfiato and ffftfts

£ e 4	of

4to	Anno	viceGmo primo GeorOU III. c. 63. [178L

Aflignees	of fuch debtor or debtors as Jhall be difcbarged by virtue of this aff.

complained	mGy be duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of bis, her, or tbeir

?&.ai2.ft/or	real creditors, be it enacSled by the authority aforefaid, That it

^ fhall an<* may be lawful to and for the refpe&ive courts at Weft-management, tninjler, and the courts of great feflions in lVales> and the princi-or •ther mif- pafity of Chefier, and the counties palatine of Lancajhr and Dirr-behaviour; ham, refpe<Stive|y, from whence any procefs iflued upon which any fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were committed; or where the proccfs iflued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of King’s bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great feflions aforefaid, within their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of aqy fuch debtor, or the creditor or creditors of fuch debtor, complaining of any inefficiency, fraud, mifmanagement, or other misbehaviour of any aflignee or aflignees of the eftate or efforts of any fuch debtor or debtors, to fummon all parties concerned, the court anc*> uPon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and thereuppn is give fuch orders and directions therein, either for the removal to fummon or difplacing fuch aflignee or aflignees, and appointing any new the parties, aflignee or aflignees in the place or ftead of fuch aflignee or ordemherein aflignees fo to be removed or difplaced, or tor the piudent, juft, as they (hall or equitable management or diftribution of the eftate and efforts think flu of any fuph debtor for the benefit of the refpedrive creditors, as the faid courts or judges refpe&ively (hall think fit; and in cafe of the removal or difplacing of any aflignee or aflignees, and the appointing of any new aflignee or aflignees, the eftate or efforts of fuch debtor or debtors (hall, from thenceforth, bp diverted out of the aflignee or aflignees fo removed or difplaced, and be vefted in, and delivered over to, fuch new aflignee or aflignees in the fame manner, and for the fame intents and pur-pofes, as the fame yvere before vefted in the aflignee or aflignees firft chofe as aforefaid; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

_	LIX.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority

tuaUredithas aforefaid, That in all cafes where mutual credit hath been given been given, between any debtor who (hall be difeharged in purfuance of this the balance to a<rt, and any other perfon or perfons, or body politick or corpo-j.ale^ ^fore thg delivery of fuch fchedule or inventory of the eftate and effetfts of fuch debtor or debtors, upon oath as aforefaid, the refpeertive aflignee or aflignees of fuch debtor or debtors is and are hereby authorifed and required, on his and their parts, to ftate and allow an account between them and the other

be ftatrd and allowed

party or parties concerned; and nothing more (hall be deemed to be vefted in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a<rting as clerk, of the peace, or fuch aflignee or aflignees under fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&-ing as clerk of the'peace, as the eftatp or effects of fuch debtor or debtors, than what (hall appear to be juftly due to him, her, or them refpetrtively, as and for the balance of fuch account, when truly ftited.

LX. And whereas many perfons are often committed on attadb meats fox contempts, for not paying money awarded to be paid under

jub•

Digitized by LiOOQle

1781.] Anno vlcefimo pruno Georqii III. c. 63.	411

fubmiffions to, arbitrators by rules of court, or under fubmiffions to ar- Perfons com-bitration bonds, and which fubmijfions have been made rules of court, IP,tl5c* for n<* in purfuance of an aft pajfed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of William the Third, for determining differences by arbitration; der fubroii-and liiewife for not paying of tops duly and regularly taxed and al- fions to arbU lowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that pur- trat,on $	%

pofe 5 and alfo upon any writ of Excommunitato Capiendo, ^rand/ornot other procefs for, or grounded on, the nonpayment of cojls or expences ^*ying coft#t in any caufe or proceeding in any ecclejiafical court, or for any con+ tempt to fuchcourt, it is hereby declared and enaded, That all fuch are intitled to perfons are and (hall be intitled to the benefit of this ad, on lh? benefit of and fubjed to the fame terms and conditions as are herein ex-prefled and declared with refped to prifoners for debt only.

LXI. And whereas great numbers of poor people have been and Prifoners up-ttre now imprifonedfor debt, upon proceffts iffuing out of courts ofon Pr?ccft confcience; it is hereby enaded and declared. That all fuch pri- of omfcience loners (hall be intitled to have the benefit pf this ad, and be to have the # difcharged under the fame, provided he, (he, or they, conform to benefit of this the directions herein-before prefcribed, touching other prifoners who (hall be difcharged by virtue of this ad.

LXII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore(aid,That Quaker** af-in all cafes wherein by this ad an oath is required, the folcmn affirmation of any perfon, being a quaker, (hall and. may be ao jjeu 0f ^ cepted and taken in lieu thereof; and evety perfon making fuch oath, affirmation, who (hall be convidcd of wilful and falfe affirming,

(hall incur and fuffer fuch and the famq penalties as are inflicted and impofed by thi$ ad upon perfons convided of wilful and corrupt perjary.

LXIII. Provided always, and bait further enaded by the au- Perfons who thoity aforefaid, That no perfon who (hall have taken the bene- have taken the fit of any ad heretofore pafled for the relief of infolvent debtors, within the fpace of ten years laft paft, and who by the jufiices within^m of the peace at their general quarter feffion, or an adjournment years, &c. ex-thereof, (hall be deemed fit and able to ferve his Majefty at fea, eluded from or in his land forces, (hall have or receive any benefit or advan- thls tage of or under this ad, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, fo as to be difcharged under the fame; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary not-withftandjng; unlefs fuch perfon (hall be willing to ferve, and exception, (hall adually enter himfelf to ferve on board fome one of his Majefty’s (hips of war for the term of feven years, or (hall inlift as a foldier in fome of his Majefty’s land forces for the term of three years.

LXIVY And be it further enaded, That when any debtor. Debtors who who may have taken the benefit of any infolvent ad within the have taken fpace of ten years Jaft paft (hall under this ad apply for his dif-	*1

charge, every fuch debtor (hall produce to the court (to which p|^ forVif-^* he (hall make application for fuch difeharge) a certificate in charge under writing, figned by an officer properly authoriled to engage or en- this ad, to lift men for his Majefty’s fea or land fervice [as the cafe may be,] produce tothe

taWM*.!....*.

Digitized by v^ooQle

by a proper officer, Jetting forth that they are inlifted to ierve his M*-jplty, &c.

NoPerfon who hath been tendered to be furrendered in difcharge of t>ail,in pur-fuance of to Geo. 3, cap. *45

or ii Geo. 3, cap. i;

(hall, on that account, be deemed to be in actual cof-tpdy.

This aft not to extend to Scotland.

Anno vfcefimo prirao Georgii III. c. [1781.

the date] engaged or enlifted [as the cafe maybe] to ferve as a mariner or foldier in his Majefty’s fea or land fervice for the term of	which	certificate	(hall be attefted by one or more

credible witnefs or witnefies; and in cafe fuch certificate fl^all not be produced, or (hall not be property authenticated in manner aforefaid, to the fatisfa&ion of the juftices before who{A apy fuch debtor (hall be brought, or come, he (hall, if a priioner, be remanded back to the priton from whence he came, there to remain until he (hall have fully complied with the direftions aforefaid, or (hall by othqr legal means fooner obtain his dih charge.

LXV. Provided always, and be it enaded, That no perfon who hath been tendered to b$ furrendered in difcharge of bis or her bail, in purfuance of a certain ad of parliament, made in the laft feiEon of parliament, iptituled, An aft to prevent any mifchief or inconvenience which may arife to Jberijfs, gaolers, fintors^ prifoners, or others, by the prifoners in feveral gaols in the counties of Middlefex and Surry, and the city ^London, having been fet at liberty during the late tumults and injurreftions and alfo in purfuance of a certain ad of parliament, made in this prefeot feffion of parliament, intituled, An a ft to expend the pxovifions, contained in an aft, pa (fed in the laft fejjien ofparliament, intituled, An ad to prevent any mifehief or inconvenience which may arife to (beriffs, gaolers, ibitors, prifoners, or others, by the prifoners in feveral gaols in the counties oiMUdlejex and Surrey, and the city of Un-don, having been fet at liberty during the late tumults and infur-redions, to perfons arrefttd and bailed fince the define ft ion of the fad gaols, and before the fame Jhail be repaired, or other prifons fubfdated in lieu .thereof 1 (hall, on account thereof, he deemed or taken to be a perfap in adual cuilody withih the true intent and meaning of this ad; the faid recited ad, or any thing therein contained, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwitbt (landing.

LXVI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded. That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland\

CAP. LXIV.

An aft to reftify a miftabe in an aft, made in this prfent feffmrf parliament, intituled, An ad for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon cocoa nuts, in lieu thereof; for tbe better and more effedual fecuring the revenue of excife, and of the inland duties under the management of the comoiif-fioners of excife, and for preventing frauds therein ; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties impofed on malt; and for redifying a miftake in an ad made in this prefent fefiion of parliament, with refped to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centm upon the duties of excife imppfed by the faid ad.

WHEREAS

Digitized by

Google

1781.] Anno victffimo prime Geqrgil III. c. 64;	413

WHEREAS by an aft, made in ibis prefent fejjion of parlia- Preamble.

ment, (intituled, An aft for repealing the duties payable Recjtal of upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain cap, 55> Qf inland duties upon cocoa nuts in lieu thereof; for the better thepreipot and more effeftual fecuring the revenue of excife, and of the'^011* inland duties under the management of the commiflioner* of excife, and for preventing frauds therein ; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brevv-r ers out of the additional duties impofed on malt ; arid for rectifying a miftake in an aft made in this prefont feflion of parlia-* raent, with refpeft to the exempting qf candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excife impofed by the faid aft;-) it is, among/} other things, decUred and tnafted, That all judgements of the commijftoners of excife, or juft ices of the peace within (heir refpeftiyejurijdiftions, for the condemnation of any commodities, goods, or effefts, feized as forfeited under the faid recited, or any other aft or afts cf parliament relating to the duties of excife, or other duties under the management of the commiffioners of excife, Jhall be, and Jhall be deemed and taken to be, -as final and conclufive, to all intents and purpofes whatfo-ever, as any judgement for the condemnation of any commodities% goods, or effefts? given in his Majejlf s court of exchequer : and H is thereby further provided, enabled, and declared, Thai fucb judgements of the commiffioners of excife and juft ices of the peace refpec* lively, /ball be fubjeftand liable to, appeal in nil cafes in which any appeal is, by any a# or alls of parliament, given or allowed: and whereas divers importers 0/ Jpirituous liquors, diftillers*, reftifiers, compounders, and tea dealers* on behalf of tbemfehes and others, mo \be nineteenth day of'June, one tboujandfeven hundred and eighty* one, wbilfi the faid reeited aft was depending in the hou/e qf commons, did petition the faid bouft againft the faid claufes, (amongft other things,) and praying that they might be heard by thetr counfel againft the fame ; and leave was accordingly given by the feud hmfe for the petitioners to be heard againft the faid claufes, upon the report of the /aid aft: and whereas it was intended to leave out the faid claufes, in order that the force and effeft qf the faidjudgements of com-miyioners of excife, and juftices of the peace, might be tried and deter-mined in a due courfe of law; but the faid claufes were by miftake continued, and ftand part of the faid aft; be it therefore enafted by -the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons, in this prefent parliament alfembled, and by the authority of the Pai!t fame. That the faid recited claufes lhall be, and the lame are J^pcakd, hereby repealed and made void to all intents and purpofes p * whatsoever.

CAP,

Digitized by v^ooQle

4H

Preamble.

Recital of >7 Geo. 2, up. 17»

Anno viccflmo primo Gsorgii III. c.65. [i;8r,



CAR LXV.

4fi *ft for the ftabli/bing an agreement with the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, for tbe payment of the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, for the ufe of the publick, in full difcharge and fatisfaftion of all claims and demands of the publick front the time the bond debt of the fetid company was reduced to one million five hundred thoufand pounds, until the firfi day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, in refpeft of the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies; andalfofor fecuring to the publick in refpeft thereof for a term therein mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear revenues and profits of the faid company \ find for granting to the faid company, for a further. term, the foie and exclufive trade to and from the Eaft Indies, and limits therein mentioned; and for eftablififtng certain regulations far the better management of the affairs of the faid company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the military forces of the fail company.

\T7HEREAS by an eft made in the feventeenth year of the reign XV of bis late majefiy King George the Second, (intituled, Ao adt for granting to his Majefty the furplus or remainder of the monies arifen, or to arife, by the duties, on fpirituous liquors, granted by an aft of the laft feffion of parliament; and forex-plaining and amending the faid a<5t, in relation to the retailers of Cuch liquors, and for eftablifhing an agreement with the united company of merchants of England trading to the Baft Infos,) it was among/} other things, enafted, That the united company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies fhould, fubjeft to the provifo or determination tberein-after contained, have, ufe, and enjoj, and fbould continue to have, ufe, and enjoy, the whole foie, and exclufive trade and traffick, and the only liberty, ufe, and privilege of trading, trafficking, or uftng or exercifing the trade or bufinefs of merchandize in, to, and from the Eaft Indies, and from all the iflonds, ports, havens, coafts, cities, towns, and places between the Cape of Good Hope and the Streights of Magellan; and limits, in an aft mode in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefiy King William tbe Third, or in a charter of the fifth day of September, in the tenth year of bis faid late Majefty's reign, mentioned, in as ample and beneficial a manner as the faid company could thereby or otberwife lawfully trade thereto, with Jkcb prohibition to all other his Myeftfs fubjtfts to trade thereto, and under fucb penalties and forfeitures,« in the faid aft of the feventeenth year of the reign of his faid late majefiy King George the Second; and by the faid la/i-mentioned e& it was provided and enafted. That, at any time, upon three yean notice to be given by parliament after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred ana. eighty, upon the expiration of the faid three years, and repayment to the faid united company of merchants of England trading to tbe Eaft Indies, or their fucceffors of the

Digitized by

Google

*781.3 Annb vicefimo prtmoGEoRGH III. C.65.	41

capital Jlock* debt* or fum of four millions two hundred thoufand founds* in the faid at1 mentioned* and all arrears of annuity payable in refpeft thereof in safe the Jame ftmld not have before been repaid, then, and from thenceforth* and not before or fooner* the faid right* title* and intereji, of the faid united company of merchants of England, trading to the Eaft Indies, to the whole* foie* and extluftVe trade ta the Eaft Indies, and parts aforefaid* Jbould ceafe arid determine : and whereas, on the fraenth day of April, one thoufand fe-ven hundred and eighty* notice was given to the faid united company, purfuant to the potiver referved in the faid recited aft for that pur-pofe* that the capitalflock* debt* or fum of four millions two hundred thoufand pounds\ and all arrears of annuity in refpeft thereof '* due from the publick to the faid united Company* would be redeemed and paid off on ihb tenth day of April, one thoujand feven hundred and eighty^three: and whereas by an aft made in the feventh year of the reign of bis frefent Majefly, (intituled, An a<ft for eftablifhing an 7 Geo* 5, agreement for the payment of the annual fum of four hundred cap* 57. thoufand pounds, for a limited time, by the Eajl India company, in refped of the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies,) it was direfted* That the Jdid united company* ahi their fuccejjors* JhoUld advance and pay into the receipt of his Majefty's exchequer, fot his Majeflfs uft, the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds per annum, for and during the term of two years, to be computed from the fir ft day of February, one thousand Jeven hundred andfixty feven* by half yearly payments of two hundred thoufand pounds each* at or before fiuch times as are therein limited ; and it was thereby enafted and declared* That all the territorial acqhifitions and revenues, lately obtained in the Eaft Indies*

Jbould remain in pofjeffion of the faid united company* and their fuccejfo ors* during the faid term of two years* to be computed from the jaid ftrft day ^February, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven:

•and whereas* by an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty* (intituled* An a<ft for carrying into execution cer- 9 Geo. tain propofals made by the Eaft India company for the payment cap. of the annual fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, for a limit-ad time, in refpedt of the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies,) it was direfted* Thai the faid incited company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and their fucceffors* fhould advance and pay into the receipt of his Ma-fifty's exchequer* for his Majefty's ufe* the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds per annum, for and during the term of five years* to be computed from the firft day of February, one thoujand feven hundred and fixty nine* at or before fitch times as are therein-limited; and it was thereby enafted and declared* That ell the territoi ial acquifitions and revenues* (in the faid recited aft before mentioned) lately obtained in the Eaft Indies, fhould remain in pojfejjion of the faid united company, and their fuccejfors, during the [aid term of five years: anj whereas* by an aft made in the thirteenth'year of the feign of his prefent Majefty* (intituled* An a<51 for granting to his Majefty a fum of money, to be raifed by exchequer bills; and to be advanced Cap, e/*1 and applied, in the manner and upon the term* thereintnentioned,

fo{

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. [1781.

for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies), it is, amortgfl other things recited. That the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies did then labour, and had for fome time pad laboured under great and unufual difficulties in carrying on of their affairs, from which it greatly imported the publick, as well as the faid united company, that they Jbould, as fpeedilj as poffible, be relieved \ and, by the /aid aft, provifion was made for advancing to the faid united company, by way of loan from the publick, the fum of one million four hundred tboufand pounds: and it ivas by the faid aft alfo recited. That, in the then circumjlantes of the Eaft India company, it would not he in their power to provide for the repayment of fu ch loan, and for ejlablijbing their affairs upon a more fecure foundation for the time to come, unlefs the publick Jbould agree to forego for the prefent aS participation in the profits arifing from the territorial acqwfitions tad revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies, in order that provifion U made by parliament for applying as well the whole of the profits ari-fing from the faid territorial acquifitions and revenues, as well as the revenue and profits of the company, after providing for certain neceffary payments and deduftions to be *nade thereout, to the repayment of the faid fum of one million four hundred tboufand pounds, and to the reduftion of the company's bond debt: and by the faid it was enafted. That, until the faid fum of one million four hundred tboufand pounds Jhould have been repaid, and the bond debt of the faid company be reduced to the fum of one million five hundred thou-jand pounds, the whole dear profits arifing from the faid territorial •acquifitions and revenues» after defraying the charges and expenus attending the fame, together with all the clear revenue and profits of •the faid company, after providing for the current payments of intertft, and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the faid company, JhM from time to time be difpojed of and applied in manner following, {that is to fay), until the whole of the money, fo advanced and applied as afore faid, Jhould have been repaid, it Jhould and might he lawful, out of the Jaid clear revenues and profits, to fet apart and apply, in the firjl place, fuch fum as might be fujficietit for anfwering 0 dividend to the proprietors of the flock of the faid company, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum upon the capital flock of the faid company \ and all the furplus of the faid clear revenues and profits Jhould be applied in diminution of the Jaid fum of one million four hundred tboufand pounds, or fuch part thereof as fiould be remaining unpaid, and for defraying the charges incurred inrefpe# thereof j and after the repayment of the whole of the money fo advanced and applied as aforefaid, and until the bond debt of the faid company Jbould be reduced to the fum of one million five hundred tboufand pounds, it Jhould and might be lawful,. in like manner, to fet apart and apply in the firjl place out of the faid clear revenuei and profits, Juch fym as might be fufficient for.anfwering a dividend not exceeding the rate of feven pounds per centum per annum upon the capital Jtock of tba faid company, after which, all the furplus of the faid clear revenues and profits Jbould be applied in reducing the bond debt of the Jaid company: and whereatr* by a certain other aft of parliament.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1781.] Anno vJcefimo primo GeORGII III. C. 65.	417

mtnt* made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly*

(intituled, An aft for continuing in the poffeffion of the united *9 Geo« U company of merchants of England, trading to the Eajl Indies* c* 615 for a limited time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eajl Indies* and for continuing, for a limited time, fo mudh of an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for ejlablijhing certain regulations for the better man-	*

agement of the affairs of the Eaft India company, as well in India as in Europe, as will expire in the courfe of the prefent year), it is9 amongjl other things* recited* That the faid fum of one million fdkr hundred thoufand pounds had been repaid and fully difeharged* and all the charges incurred in refpeft thereof had been defrayed* and the bond debt of the faid company had been reduced to or under the fum »f one million five hundred thoufand pounds* whereby the circum-fiances* in confideration whereof it was in the aforefaid aft declared* that the publick fhould agree to forego, for the then prefent time* all participation in the profit ariftng from the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies, have ceafed and are determined ; but whereas notwithflanding it might be expedient that the aforefaid territorial acquifitions and revenues fhould* for a limited time* and under certain conditions and refiriftions* remain in the pof-fiffton of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies: and by the faid recited aft it was enacted* That all the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies fboultf remain in the poffeffion of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and their fucceffors, for and during the term of one year* to be computed from the fifth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and Jruenty-nine: and it was alfo, by the faid lajl recited a51* further provided and enafttd, That for and during the faid term, the whole clear profits arifing from the faid territorial acquifitions and revenues* after defraying the charges and expetices attending the fame* together * with all the clear revenue and profits of the faid company* after providing for the current payments of interejl* and other outgoings* charges* and expences* of the faid company* fhould be difpofed of and applied in manner following; (that is to fay)* it fhould and might be lawful, out of the faid clear revenues and profits* to fist apart and apply* in the firfi place* fucb fum as might be Jufficient for anfwering a dividend to the proprietors of the flock of the faid company, not exceeding the rate of tight pounds per centum per annum upon the capital flock of the faid company ; after which the whole , furplus of the faid clear revenues and profits fhould be referred* and await any future agreement that might be made between the publick and the faid company : and whereas* by a certain other aft of parlia- so Geo. 3, c. mtnt*paffedin thje twentieth year of the reign of bis prefent Majef- 56* ty* (intituled, An aft for continuing in the poffeffion of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaji Indies* for a further time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies $ and for reviving, and continuing for a further time, fo

a	much

Digitized by

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c* 65. [1781,

much of an a6t, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An dfl for ejiablifhing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the Eaft India company, as well in India as in Europe, as hath expired in the courfeof the prefent year; and for indemnifying the faid company for any money they have paid, or may pay, in or about the building of three (hips of the line for the fervice of the publick); it is enafled> That all the faid territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Baft Indies JhoUld remain in thepojfejfiori of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and their fuc-cejfors, for and during the further term of one year, to be computed from the fifth day of April, in the year of our Lord one iboufoni ( feven hUnared and eighty, upon the fame conditioni and rtflriftions as are contained in the faid recited dfly pajfed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy: and whereas the faid fum of cm million four hundred thoufani pounds was repaid and fully difebarg-id, and all the charges incurted in refipefl thereof were defrayed\ and the bond debt of the faid untied company was reduced to or under tkt fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, on or before tbt twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and Jevcnty-eight; and the faid united company have9 in purfuance of the feverot recited aftsi remained in the pojjeffm of all the territorial acqUifiti-bnSi and revenues lately obtained tn the Eaft Indies, and have, out of the profits arifing from the fame, and tht revenue and profits of the faid united company, made a dividend to the proprietors of tht flock of the faid company, of eight pounds per centum per annum, upon the capitalflock of the faid company, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufatid feven hundred and feventy-feven: oni whereas the faid united company prefented a petition to the boufe of commons, oh the twenty fjxth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- one, fetting forth, that they were deferous to have tht exclufive trade in% f<?, and from the Eaft Indies, continued to them for a further term of ycars> and were willing that the publick Jhcull participate with them in the profits arifing from the territorial at-quifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies; and that the Jaid united company, at feveral general courts lately held. Id taken into confederation the terms and conditions of an agreement to be made between the publick and the faid united company; and at a court of proprietor Si held on the twenty-fifth day of the faid month of June, the faid United company agreed to the propofittons annexed is their faid petition for thofe purpofes, and for the purpofe of (fob-hjhing certain regulations for the better management of their affairj, by which faid propofitions the faid united company did offer to advance ana pay into bis Majefiys exchequer, by infiallments, in the courfe of the prefent year, the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, in full difeharge of all the claims of the publick upon the faid mind company until the firji day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one; and proposed that the [aid united company fbould remain in pofftffion of all tie territorial acquifitions and revenues lattly acquired in the Eaft Indies, for and during the term df the exHufiot trade to be granted to the faid united company, without prejudice to

tht

Digitized by booQle

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo GeorgII III. c. 65.	419

the claim of the publick or of the f lid wetted company 1 and that the participation between the publick and the faid united company Jhould be in the manner, and upon the terms and conditions hereinafter men-tioned and declared: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted ; and be it enadted by the lung’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirit-ual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af- % fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the fum of 400,000/. to be four hundred thoufand pounds (hall, by the faid united compa- paid into the ny of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, be paid exchequer by into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, at the times and in the proportions following; that is to fay, the fum of one hun- menu, dred thoufand pounds on or before the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one5 the further fum of one hundred thoufand pounds on or before the firft day of Or-teber then next following; the further fum of one hundred thoufand pounds on or before the firft day of November then next following; and the remaining fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, on or before the firft day of December then next following; for the ufe of the publick, m full difeharge and fatisfadtioa of all claims and demands of the publick upon the faid united company, from the time the bond debt of the faid united company was reduced to one million five hundred thoufand pounds, until the firft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred an<f eighty-one: and in cafe the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or their fucceffors, (hall make failure in any of the faid payments hereby appointed to be made into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer on or before the refpedtive days or times herein-before limited, that then and from time to time, as often as fuch cafe (hall fo happen, the money whereof fuch failure in payment (hall be made, (hall and may be recovered to his Majefty's ufe by adtion of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflminfter% wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, or- any more than one imparlance; in which adtion, bill, fuit, or information, it (hall be lawful to declare, that the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaf Indies, or their fuccefiors, are indebted to his Majefty the monies of which they have made default in payment, according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid the fame, which (hall be fufficient; and in or upon fuch adtion, bill, fuit, or information, there (hall be further recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, againft the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indiej, or their fuc-ceflors, damages, after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annum, for the refpedtive monies fo unpaid contrary to this adt, together with full cofts of fuit; and the faid united company, and their fuccefiors, and all their ftock, funds, and all other their eftates and property whatfoever and wherefoever, (hall beg and are hereby made fubiedt and liable to the payment of fuch monies, damages, and cofts,

Voi. XXXIII,	Ff	II.	And

Digitized by

4?o

The provifo In 17 Geo* t, c. 17, for determining the exclufive trade of the company, &c. repeal* «d.

The right to the exclufive trade to the Baft Indies continued to the company.

Penalty on perfons trading thither without licence from the company.

Anno viccfimo primo Georgii III. c. 65.	[1781-

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the provifo contained in the faid in part recited alt, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his late majefty King Genie the Second, for determining the right, title, and intereft of the faid united company to the whole, foie, and exclufive trade to the Eafl Indies, and parts aforefaid, (hall be, and the fame it hereby repealed and made void, and the notice herein-before mentioned to have been given in purfuance of the power reserved by the faid provifo, to determine the foie and exclufive trade of the faid united company, is hereby made and declared to be void and of no effedt.

III.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afbrc-faid. That the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, (hall (fubjedt to the provifo of determination herein-after contained) have, ufe, and enjoy, and (hall continue to have, ufe, and enjoy, the whole, foie, and exclufive trade and traffick, and the only liberty, ufe, and privilege, of trading, trafficking, and exercifing the trade or bulinefs of merchandize, in, to, and from, the Eajl Indies, and in, to, and from, all the iflands, ports, havens, coafts, cities, towns, and placet/ between the Cape of Good Hope and Streigbts of Magellan, and limits, in the faid adt of the ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King William the Third, or in the faid charter of the fifth day of September, in the tenth year of his faid Majefty’s reign, mentioned, in as ample and beneficial manner as the (aid company could thereby, or otherwife lawfully trade thereto; and the laid Eajl Indies, or the ifiands, havens, coafts, ports, cities, ! towns, and places, within the limits aforefaid, or any of them, fhall not from henceforth, at any time before fuch determination of the faid foie and whole trade of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, as is hereinafter mentioned, be repaired or failed to, vifited, frequented, or haunted, by any other the fubjedts of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors whatsoever: and if any of the faid fubjedls of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, of what degree or quality fbever they be, other than the factors, agents, and feevants, of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, or fuch as (hall be by them thereunto licenfed or authorized, (hall, at any time or times hereafter, before fuch determination of the faid company’s whole and foie trade as afore&id, diredtly or indiredlly fail, or go to, vifit, haunt, frequeqt, traffick, trade, or adventure in, to, or from, the faid Eajl Indies, or other the limits or parts aforefaid, contrary to the true meaning hereof, all and every fuch offender and offenders (hall incur tbefor-feiture and lofs of all the (hips and veflels which (hall be employed in fuch voyage, trade, traffick, or adventure, with the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, thereunto belonging; and *lfo all the goods laden thereupon, or that were, or (hall be lent Co, acquired, traded, trafficked, or adventured, within the (aid Eajl Indies, or parts aforefaid, and all the proceeds and efifcds of the fame, and every of them, and double the value thereof;

...........Which

Digitized by

Google

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo GeoRgii III. c. 65.	4*1

which penalties and forfeitures (hall be To fued for, feized, diftri-buted and diftributable, recovered and recoverable, as in and by an aft made in the fevfenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, (intituled. An aftfor the further preventing bis MojeffsJubjeQsfrom trading to the Eaft Indies under foreign com* miffhns; and for encouraging, and further fecuring,, the lawful trade thereto i and for further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and ' the ifle of Thanet,) is appointed, directed, and enafted, concerning the penalties and forfeitures in that aft mentioned or referred to, with refpeft to the faid united company, or their trade to the Eajt Indies.

IV.	And moreover it is hereby enafted by the authority Thc aforefaid. That the faid united company of merchants of Eng- profits land trading to the Eaft Indies (hall, at all times hereafter for privileges,W ever, fubjeft as aforefaid, have, hold, and enjoy, and be intitled granted by unto, all and every the profits, benefits, advantages, privileges, t°rmcr franchifes, abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, rights, re- chartcr,» medies, methods of fuit, and all penalties and forfeitures, and difabilities, provifions, matters, and things whatfoever, which by any former aft or afts of parliament* or by any charter or charters founded thereupon, or by any daufe or claufes in the faid afta or charters contained, are enafted, given, granted, provided, in-Sifted, limited, eftablifhed, or declared, to, for, touching, or concerning the faid company, or body politick and corporate, either by the name of The General Society, intitled to the advantages given by an alt of parliament for advancing a fum not exceeding two millions, for the fervice of the crown of England, or the faid body politick and corporate, called by the name of The Engli/b Com-pony trading to the Eajl Indies, *>r the faid body politick and corporate, now called by the name of The United Company of Mer* chants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and not by this aft and not alters altered, or intended to be altered, according to the tenor and *d by this aft* true meaning of the faid afts and charters, freed and difeharged from all provifoes and conditions of redemption and determination therein contained; and the fame, and every of them, are hereby ratified and confirmed, and (hall continue to be held and enjoyed, and be praftifed, and put in execution, by the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft In* iitSy and their lucceflors, for the better and more effcftua! fettling and fecuring to them, and their fucceflors, the whole, foie, and exdufive trade to the Eaft Indies, and parts aforefaid; and for the preventing all other his Majefty’s fubjefts trading thither, and for fecuring alfo their pofleffions, eftate, and effefts, and governing their affairs and bufinefs, in all refpefts as fully andefifeftually as if the fame profits, benefits, advantages, trade* privileges, franchifes, abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, rights, remedies, methods of fuit, penalties, forfeitures, difabilities, provifions, matters, and things, were feverally repeated, and at large re-enafted in the body of this aft; fubjeft never-thelefs to fuch reftriftions, covenants, and agreements, as are contained in the faid afts and letters patent now in force, and

not

Digitized by

Google

422

company of the exclufive right to trade to the Raft Indies.

Anno viccfimo primo Georg 111IL c. 65.	[1781*

not herein or hereby varied or altered, and fubjedk alfo to the pro* vifo herein-after mentioned.

Cootinuance V. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the autho-of 1 he term	rity aforefaid, That at any time, upon three years notice to be

£^n^ r^be given by parliament, after the firft day of Marcb% which (hall be ~	yCaf Qf QUr j^orcj one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-

one, upon the expiration of the faid three years, and repayment to the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies^ or their fucceflors, of the faid capital ftock, debt, of fum of four millions two hundred thoufand pounds, and ail arrears of annuity payable in refpetft thereof, in cafe the fame (hall i>ot have been before repaid ; then, and from thenceforth, and not before, or foontr, the faid right, title, and intereft,^ the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, to the whole, foie, and exclufive trade to the Bejl IndieSy and parts aforefaid, (hall ceafe and determine. Thecompany, VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That after the de- nothing in the above provifo, or in any provifo in the faid ad the^1 exclufive	n‘nt^ year the re*gn of his faid late majefty Kin| W\l*

right, may continue to trade with their joint ftock, &c.

liam the Third, or in the faid charter of the fifth day of Septem-ber, in the tenth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, or in any other a<5t or charter contained, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to determine the corporation of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or to hinder, prevent,* or exclude, the faid united company from carrying on, at all times after fuch determination of the right to the foie, whole, and exclufive trade, as aforefaid, a free trade in, to, and from the Eaft Indies, and parts aforefaid, with all or any part of their own joint ftock in trade, goods, merchandizes, eftate, and effe&s, in common with other the fubjedls of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, trading in, to, or from thofe parts, di* atd^ood VII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, notice to fhe That any notice in writing, fignified by the fpeaker of the houfe company. of commons for the time being, by order of the faid houfe, (hall be deemed and adjudged a due and proper notice by parliament, to and for all the ends, intents, and purpofes for which fuch notices are directed by this a& to be given to the faid company. The territorial VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, acquifitions to That all the teriitorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies fhall remain in the pofleflion of the united the company, company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies^ for and during the term of the exclufive trade granted to the faid united company.

How the pro- IX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, iromtheterri- That ^rom anc* a^ter t*ie day °f Mnrchy one thoufand feven torial acquifi-* hundred and eighty-one, for and during fo long time as the faid tionf, and the united company, under the authority of this prefent a<5t, fhall be trade of the intitled to the whole, foie, and exclufive trade and traffick io, be *dSo fedof	anc* fr°m Indi**and places aforefaid, the whole clear

™	*	profits	arifing	from	the	faid territorial acquifitions and revenues,

after defraying the charges and expences attending the fame,

together

Digitized by

Google

4 *3

•1781.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c.65.

together with all the clear revenues and profits of the faid company, after providing for the current payments of intereft, and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the faid company, lhall from time to time be difpofed of and applied in manner following; (that is to fay), it (hall and may be lawful for the faid united company to fet apart and retain, in the firft place, in each and every year, fuch fums as (hall be equal to eight pounds per centum per annum upon the capital (lock of the faid united company of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds; and in cafe there (hall remain a furplus of the.faid clear revenues and profits above the faid fum of eight pounds per centum per annumy fo to be retained by the faid united cotnpany as aforefaid, Three fourth parts of fuch furplus profits (hall be fet apart and applied for the ufe of the publick, and the remaining fourth jjart thereof (hall be referved and retained by the faia united 'company for their own ufe.	e	.	c

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That ap^oprwted

the furplus profits appropriated to the publick as aforefaid, (hall to the publick be paid annually into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, as to be paid an-herein after mentioned, and (hall be there referved for the dif- nually into the pofirion of parliament.	«cbtquer.

XI.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid,That The faid P»7* the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the *337on or Eaft Indies, and their fucceffors, (hall, and they are hereby di- before May i, refted and required to pay into the receipt of his Majefty’s ex- in every year, chequer, for his Majefty’s ufe, the parts and proportions of the

clear revenue and profits herein-before direfted to be fet apart ♦and applied for the ufe of the publick, on or before the firft day of May in each and every year; and in cafe the faid united com- failure of pany of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or their fucceffors, (hall make failure in payment hereby appointed to be frail be reco-made, into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, on or before vered. the faid firft day of May in each and every year, that then, and in fuch cafe, the money whereof fuch failure in payment (hall be made, (hall and may be recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, by a&ion of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at lVeftminflery wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, or any more chan one imparlance; in which action, bill, fuit, or information, it (hall be lawful to declare, that the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or their fucceffors, are indebted to his Majefty the monies of which they (hall have made default in payment, according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid the fame, which (hall be fuffi-cient; and in or upon fuch action, bill, fuit, or information, there (hall be further recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, againft the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or their fucceffors, damages after the rate of fifteen pounds fer centum per annum for the refpeftive monies fo unpaid, contrary to this aft, together with full cofts of fuit; and the faid united company, and their fucceffors, and all their ftock, funds,

F f 3	and

Digitized by

Google

4*4

The eompa- •

ny’s fhare of the net profits, and the money they /hall receive for victualling fhips in the Eait Indies, how to be applied.

A ftatement of the profit and lofs upon the trade and revenues of the company, with a ftate of their debts, to be made up yearly, figned by two directors, and transmitted to the comndflioners of the trea-fury t

and alfo an account of the value of all goods remaining unfold in their warehoufes in England, ex-cluhve of discounts, &c.

Anno viceGmo primo GeoRGII III. c. 65. [1781.

and all other their eftates and property whatsoever and wherefo ever, Shall be, and are hereby made fubjedt and liable to the payment of Such monies, damages, and cods.

XIL And be it farther enadted bv the authority aforebid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Said united company to apply Such money as they are herein-before authorized 1 to retain to themfelves out of the yearly net profits of the (aid united company, and alfo So much money as they (hall receive in refpedt of the fourth part of the expence of vi<5iualling his Majefty’s fhips and veflels in the Eajl Indies, herein-after dired-ed to be paid to the faid united company, during the continuance of the war with France, Spain, and Holland, together with the furplus profits belonging to the faid united company on the firft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, after payment of the faid futr. of four hundred thoufand pouncs to the publick, as herein-before is directed, not exceeding tw: hundred eighty-eight thoufand and twenty-five pounds, (even-teen (hillings, and ten pence, in the payment of dividends to the proprietors of the flock of the faid united company, not exceeding the rate of twelve pounds ten (hillings, per centum per provided that the bond debt of the faid united company (hall not at any fuch time exceed the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds; and provided, that they do not increafctbi prefent dividend of eight pounds per centum per annum more than at the rate of one pound per centum in each and every year.

XIII.	And, in order to afeertain the yearly net profits anfpsgfrm the faid united company's trade and revenues, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid united company (haJ!, and they are hereby directed and required, to caqfe to be made up yearly, for each and every year during the term before-mentioned, with as much accuracy as the nature of the cafe will admit, a ftatement of the profit and lofs upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the faid united company, together with a ftate of the debts of the faid united company in England, from the firft day of March, in every year, to the firft day of March in each fucceeding year, the firft of which ftatements or account' (hall be made up to the firft day of March, one thoufand fete hundred and eighty-two ; and every fuch ftatement or account Shall be fairly written, and Shall be figned by two or more of the directors of the faid united company, and tranfmitted, within thirty days after the day to which fuch ftatements or accounts (hall be made up rcfpediively, to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurcr for the time being.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaii That the faid united company fhall caufe to be made out, at the fame time with the account herein-before directed, an account of the value of all the faid united company’s goods which (ha-remain unfold in their warehoufes in England at the time of malting up the faid account, exclufive of discounts, cuftoms, com-mifllon to fupercargoes, and of all and every other charge whatsoever to be deducted therefrom $ which account (hall be fairly

jrrittw,

Digitized by v^»ooQle

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo Gborgii III. c. 65.	4%$

written, and (hall be figned by two or more of the diredort of the (aid united company, and tranfmitted, with the account berein-before mentioned, to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Accounts of That accounts of the grofs amount of all the territorial revenues thc £roft * received by the faid united company, and of all their dilburfe-

meats, charges of management, civil, military, and other ex-venues,and of peaces end charges, and alfo of the faid united company’s debts all the compa* at each of their fettlements in the Eajl Indies, and accounts of ny’8 difburte-their net proceeds at each of their fettlements in the Eajl Indies, ^made upt0 (hall be made up annually, and delivered to the commifTioners annually, and of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the time be- delivered to ing, on or as foon after the firft day of March, in each year, as the commiflt-the receipt of the neceflary materials from the Eajl Indies (hall ^afury. C enable the faid united company to prepare fuch accounts.	y'

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Directors to That the directors of the faid united company fhall caufe copies lay copies of of the faid accounts, fo directed to be made up as aforefaid, to ^^e-be laid before the general court of propr ietors, to be holden next raj court after the fame (hall be fo made up.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further eflaAed by the The compauy

authority aforefaid, That the faid united company (hall, and *0 pay to his they are hereby required to pay to his Majefty, his heirs and ^^sofruSes fucceflors, in the Eajl Indies, two lacks of current rupees per ^ ann, fo” annum for each and every regiment Confiding of one thouJand each regiment men, already fent, or hereafter to be fent, by bis Majefty, his of 1000 men heirs or fudceflbrs, to the Eajl Indies, oh the requifition of the ^ the (aid united company, over and above the extraordinaries now ^	*

borne and defrayed by the faid united company, and in that &c.	*

proportion for any greater or lefs number of men, and for any

greater or lefs fpace of time; fuch payment to be computed, with fe(pe& to the forces already fent, from the twenty-fourth day of Juney one thousand feven hundred and eighty-one, and with relpedt to fuch forces as hereafter (hall be fent to the Eajl Indies, from the time of the embarkation of fuch forces, and (hall be paid until the return of the faid regiments to Great Britain^ or for fo long time as the faid united company (hall be pofleffed of the territorial revenues in the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa; which faid payment (hall be made in manner following; that is to fay. The fubfiftence of fuch forces there (hall be regularly paid to the orders of the officers commanding each refpeCUve regiment, and the remainder of fuch allowances (hall be paid according to fuch regulations as (hall be fettled between the paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces and the fecretary fct war for the time being, and the court of dire&ors of the feid united company.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded by the-au- From July 5, thority aforefaid. That, from and after the fifth day of July, one 4“™$ thouund feven hundred and eighty-two, until peace (hall be re- p^ce^c!1* fiored with France, Spain, and Holland, the£ud united company theanupany

F f 4	(hall	to fupply the

Digitized by

Google

'42<?

victualling for his Majclty’s Ihipa to be fent to the Eaft Indies upon their requifi-tion, &c.

Commiflioners of the treafury tp pay to the company one fourth part of the value of loch victualing.

In cafe the company (hall not oe able to make a dividend of eight per cent, then the publick (hall repay more tnan a fourth part of the expences of victualling.

Anno vlcefimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. [1781*

(hall provide and fupply all the victualling to be delivered in the Eaji Indies neccflary for hisMajefty’s (hips and veflels already fcn», or hereafter to be fent, to the Eaji Indies, upon the requifitkm of the faid united company, and alfo for the (ick and hurt Teamen belonging to fuch (hips and veflels, during the time fuch (hips and veflels (hall be employed in the Eaji Indies; and that a juft and true account (hall be kept thereof, and (hall be properly authenticated and vouched by the governor, or prefident and council of the faid united company’s fettlements in India refpcCtively, where fuch vi&ualling (hall be provided and Top-plied ; and fuch account (hall, from time to time, be tranfmitted to the court of directors of the faid united company, who are hereby required to lay fuch accounts before the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, who (hall thereupon refer the faid accounts to the commif-Coners of his Majefty’s navy, victualling, and (ick and wounded feamen, to be confidered in the proper offices; and all fuch victualling fo provided and fupplied as aforefaid, (hall be put in charge againft the officer or officers to whom the fame was delivered, or againft the hofpital for (ick and hurt refpectively, as the cafe may be; and the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the time be'ng, from time to time, during the time aforefaid, within forty days after the receipt* of fuch accounts fo properly authenticated and vouched as aforefaid, (hall pay, or caufe to be paid, to the faid united company, one fourth part of the total amount of the value of all fuch victualling fo provided by the faid united company; which fum, fo paid, mall be deemed and taken to be the foie right and property of the faid united company, freed and difeharged from all claims or right of participation on the behalf of the publick, and (hall be fet apart and applied for the ufe and benefit of the faid ynited company : and in cafe it (hall happen at any tint during (he time aforefaid, that, by means of the (aid united company being put to fuch expences on account of providing and fupplyiftg fuch victualling as aforefaid, the net profits of the faid united company realifed in Great Britain, (hall be fo reduced as not to be fufficient, together with one fourth part of fuch expences, as to produce to the faid united company a fum equal to eight pounds per centum per annum upon their capital flock of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds, that then and in every fuch cafe the publick (hall repay in Great Britain fo much more of the expences of providing and fupplying fuch victualling for his Majefty’s (hips and veflels, (if the amount of the value of fuch victualling, fo provided and fupplied as aforefaid, be equal thereto), as (hall be fufficient to make up to the faid united company a fum equal to a dividend of eight pounds per centum per annum on the capital flock of the faid united company, fuch payments to be made in fterling money of Gnat Britain, the exchange for the rupee being rated and taken at the ufual current price of the rupee at the tiifie the fame (hall be advanced and paid in the Eqft Indies•

XIX.	And

Digitized by

Google

1781.] Anno vicefimo primp CjEoRgii III. c. 65.	427

XIX.	And be it farther enafled by the authority aforefaid, Company to

That, from and after peace (hall be reftored with France, Spain, v?auaUin? and Holland, the faid united company (hall, in like manner, pro- after the ixfto-vide and fupply all fuch victualling at their own proper expence, ration of coft, and charge,	peace,

XX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Company to That the faid united company (hall, as foon as they (hall be fend to the enabled fo to do, on the requifition and under the infpeCfion of faluIn<^T the commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy and office of ordnance, *nd militaiy fend out to the Eajl Indies fuch naval and military (lores, in fuch ftores as the quantities, and of fuch quality, and to fuch places, as the faid commiffioners commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy (hall direCt; and the faid l!aV* united company (hall make timely requifition to the commiffi- a 1 oners of his Majefty’s na*y for fuch naval and military (lores as

cannot be provided by the faid united company; and the faid united company (hall alfo pay to the faid commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy for all fuch naval and military ftores fo provided by them: and for all fuch naval and military ftores exported Treafury to from Great Britain to the Eafl Indies, by the laid united com- compand pany, upon the requifitions of the commiffioners of his Majelly’s within 40*day* navy, the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high after deliver-treafurer for the time being, (hall, within forty days after an ac- inSin fhe account of fuch naval and military tyores (hall have been fo aftu-ally exported, and proof made thereof, and certificates (hall be equal to the delivered of fuch exportation to the commiffioners of his Ma- value of fuch jelly’s navy, pay and advance, or caufe to be paid and advanced, ftores, to the faid united company, by way of irapreft, upon account of fuch naval and military ftores, a fum of money nearly adequate to the value thereof; and the remainder of the value of fuch Thereinam-ftores (hall be paid for after they (hall be delivered in the Eajl fer VJ~ Indies, for the ufe of his Majefty’s (hips and veffels, within forty days next after certificates (hall have been delivered to the com-mifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, that fuch naval and military ftores have been fur-nifhed and fupplied to any of his Majefty’s (hips or veffels employed in the Eajl Indies; which certificates the officer or officers receiving the faid naval and military ftores is and are hereby required to give to the faid united company in triplicate, on delivery of fuch ftores.

^ XXI. Provided always. That in cafe of the lofs or damage of *n ca^tt<^ the faid naval and military (lores, or of any part thereof, by fea, ^ taken™* or by being taken or deftroyed by enemies, or by any other ac- enemies, or cident not imputable to, or occauoned by, the fault or neglecft of loft by una-the faid united company, or their fervants, or any perfon em- voidable ao-ployed by them, the faid impreft (hall be allowed to the faid company to united company; and moreover the faid united company (hall be paid the be paid the furplus value of fuch naval and military ftores, be- toll value yond the fum fo imprefted to them as aforefaid.	thereof.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, fro® Junc That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of Jnne% one thou- panVtofuppjj fand feyen hundred and eighty-two, the laid united company naval and mi-

(hall, litarj ftores for

Digitized by

(hip* iii the Raft Indite <

428	Anno	vicefimo	primo	Gkoroii	III.	c. 65. [1781.

repair*. Sec. of (hall, to theutmoft of their power, Supply, for the wear and tear hi« Majdty's and repairs of fuch (hips and veffcls belonging to his Majefty all (hall be employed in the Eaft Indies, all fuch naval and military (lores as (hall be required by the officer commanding the fleet in the Eaft Indies, or by any ofhcer commanding any of his Majefty** (hips or veflels fo employed in the Eaft Indies, fuch officer giving triplicate certificates for fuch naval and military (lores; and the prime coft of all fuch naval and military (lores as (hall be (applied in the Eaft Indies for the ufe of his Majefty’s navy, (hall be

the prime coft whereof (hall be repaid by the treafu

Rut after the TeftoratiOn of peace, the

their own expeace.

during hoftili- repaid to the (aid united company in England, until peace (hail tie* with be reftored with France, Spain, and Holland, within forty day* France, Sfc. aflcr certificates (hall have been delivered to the commiffiooers of his Majefty’s treafury, or to the high treafurer for the time being, that fuch naval and military (lores have been furnifhed and Supplied to any of his Majefty’s (hips and veflels fo employed in the Eaft Indies. :

XXIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefeid, That, from and after peace (hall be reftored with France, Spainy

-	and Holland, the faid united company, fo long as they (hall re-

farwfoTbeU ma*n *n P°ffc®on of the territorial acquifltions and revenues faid (lore* at the provinces of Bengal, Bahary and OriJJay (hall furnifti, at their own proper cofts and charges, fuch naval and military (lores as (hall be neceflary and be required for the ufe of fuch of his Majefty’s (hips and veflels as (hall* at the requeft of the faid united company, remain on fervice in the Eaft Indies in time of peace with the European powers, for which certificates (hall be granted by the officers commanding fuch (hips and veflels re* (peCtively, and all certificates fo granted for fuch naval and military (lores, (hall be fent to dbe court of directors of the faid united company, and (hall be by the faid court of directors tranf-mitted to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being 3 and fuch certificates, fo transmitted, (hall be fent to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s navy and office of ordnance, who are hereby required to put the fame in charge Bgainft the officers refpe&ively receiving fuch naval and military (lores.

XXIV.	Andy in order to prevent any extravagant demand being madey or any frauds being committed in the victualling any of bis Me* jeftys Jbips or vejfehy and in fupplying them with naval and military ftoreSy and that all expends relating thereto rtiay be properly checked and controuledy be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the commiflioners of his Majefty’s navy, and the commiflioners of

.1.* WUii victualling, and fick and wounded Teamen, and office of ordnance, AfrtQon, (hall an(* the court of directors of the faid united company, (hall let-ctlabli(h regu- tie and eftablith fuch rules, orders, and regulations, tor the providing fuch fupplies, and in paying fuch expences as aforefind, as they (hall fee proper; and all fuch rules, orders, and regulations, (hall be obferved and obeyed, as well by the femnts of the faid united company, as by the officers of his Majefty’s navy refpeClively; and the accounts of fuch fupplies and expences (hall be returned* examined* checked* and paffed* in fuch manner

porrmrfli oners of the navy, See. and the court of

lation* for providing (tores, See.

Digitized by Google

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGII III, c, 65.	4*9

ner as by the (aid rules, orders, and regulations (hall be eftablilh-ed: and in cafe it (hall appear, upon the examination of fuch Monies or accounts, that any monies or ftores, received by any of his Ma-jefty’s officers, (hall not be properly accounted for, the amount ^officers, ana value thereof (hall be recovered from fuch officer or officers, howto be re* by fuch ways and means as (hall be agreeable to the ufage and covered, cuftom of toe navy in fuch cafes; and fuch part of the money fo recovered, as (hall have arifen during the war with France,

Spainf and Holland, (hall be paid and applied for the ufe of his Majefty,and fuch part as (hall have arifen fubfeauent to the end of the war with France, Spain9 and Holland^ (hall be paid to tire faid united company.

X3£V. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, Refervation of That all and every the rights, interefts, powers, privileges, and the rights of authorities, vvhich are now vefted in the faid united company of thf comPzaI^ merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies and which are not hereby exprefsly taken away, altered, or varied, (hall remain to, and continue in the laid company, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if this a& had never been made.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Reftriaionsoa That, during the continuance of this ait (hall not be lawful bills of ex-for the faid united company, or their fucceffors, or any of their ^the comT* officers or fervants, on their account, to accept or otherwife bind pany jn the* the faid company, or their fucccffors, for the payment of any Raft Indies, bill or bills of exchange, drawn by any of their officers or fervants, at any of their prefidencies in the Eajl Indies, for any Aim exceeding the fum of three hundred thoufand pounds, exdufive

of certificates, to the amount of eight thoufand pounds, to the commanders and officers of each of the company’s (hiph in the (pace of any one year, without the confent and order firft had and obtained of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treafurer for the time being, who are hereby refpedively authorized to give fuch confent, or to make fuch order thereon, as they (hall judge expedient ; and every acceptance or engagement made contrary to the true meaning and intent of this a<2, (hall be null and void to all intents and purpofes.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, BjjIs That no bill, promiflbry note, or other obligation tor money, India, and ifTued, or to be ifTued, by any of the faid united company’s pre- made payable fidents and councils, or fervants in the Eajl Indies, or in China there,(halt not refpe&ively, and made payable in the Eajl Indies, or in China re- j*England fpcdtively, (hall be payable in England, without the confent of without'the eighteen of the directors of the affairs of the faid united com- content of it pany firft had and obtained for that purpofe 5 nor (hall the faid directors, &c. united company be liable to the payment of any bill, promifibry

note, or other obligation for money, blued or to be iffued as aforefaid, and made payable in England* ualefs accepted by, or by prder of, a court ot dire&ors.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted by tbe authority afore-

......................................................... faid,

■ Digitized by v^ooQle

43°

Britifh fub-^ j«6U in India tarefide within ten mites of fome principal fettle-mcnt.

Briti(h fub-jc6h redding in India not to lend money to any foreign company, 6cc.

Penalty on Britifti fub-jdb (other than the company) who (hall (end Indian goods to Europe.

§utts brought by the court of directors againft private traders, &c. not to be topped, nor the penalty or damages mitigated, Sc c.

Anno vicefimo primo Georoii Hi. c. 65. [1781.

faid, That during the continuance of this alt, it (hall not be lawful for any Britijh fubjelt or fubjelts in the fervice of the faid united company, or licenfed by them to proceed to India, to refide in any other place in India than in one of the principal fettlements belonging to the faid united company, or within ten miles of fuch principal fettlement, without the fpecial licence of the faid united company, or of the prefident or governor and council of fuch principal fettlement, in writing firft had 4nd obtained; nor (hall any fuch Briti/b fubjed or fubjelts refide beyond the limits aforefaid, for any longer fpace of time than (hall be fpecified in the orders of the faid united company, or in his or their licence or licences refpec-lively.

XXIX.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall not be lawful for any fervant or fervants of the faid united company, or any other Briti/b fubjelt or fubjelts refiding in India, to lend any fum or fums of money to any foreign company or companies, or to any foreign European merchant or merchants, or to purchafe any goods in India for or on account of fuch foreign company or companies, European merchant or merchants, or to be concerned in lending fach fum or fums of money, or in purchafing fuch goods, diredly or indireltly, or to furni(h iuch foreign company or companies, European merchant or merchants, with the credit of bills drawn upon the correfpondents of fuch fervant or fervants, or Britijh fubjelt or fubjelts, or any other perfon or perfons in Europe.

XXX.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the fifth day at July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, it (hall not be lawful for any Briti/b fubjelt, either in his own name, or in the name of any oilier perfon or perfons whatfoever, to carry on or be concerned in any trade or traffick whatfoever, in fending any kind of goods and merchandizes, the produce or manutadure of the Eofi Indies or China, by the way of Suez, or by any other channel, to Europe; and in cafe any Briti/b fubjelt or fupjelts (hall carry on or be concerned in any fuch trade or traffick as aforefaid, he or they (hall forfeit and pay to the faid united company double the value of the goods and merchandifes which (hall fo be fent to Europe, to be recovered in any court of juftice in the Eaft Indies, or in his Majefty’s court of King's Bench at WeRm'tnjler.

aXaI. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the firft day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, in cafe the court of directors for the affairs of the faid united company (hall order any fuit or fuits at law or in equity to be brought againft any perfon or perfons for trading to or from the Eqfl Indies, without or beyond the licence and permiffion of the faid united company, or for any offence or offences committed by, or any mjfocba-viour of, any fuch perfon or perfons, in his or their ftation or

employ-

Digitized by

43*

1781.3	Anno vicefimo primo GfeoRGii III. c.65. employment in the EaJl Indies, it (hall not be lawful for the faid court of dire&ors of the faid united company to put a (lop to fuch fuit or fuits, or to remit or mitigate the penalty, da* mages, or fatisfadlion fought to be recovered thereby, before a final judgement or decree (hall be obtained in fueh fuit or fuits.

XXXII.	And whereas it is necejfary for the faid united company to keep and maintain a military force in the Eaft Indies, and the prefent method of obtaining recruits to keep up the fame bath been found very inconvenient and deft Hive; be it therefore eha&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to ana for the faid united coiftpany, by licence from his Majefty for that purpofc, from time to time to enlift fuch number of men, being his Majefty’s fubje&s, and of fuch ages, and for fuch time, as (hall be exprefied in fuch licence, trf ferve them as foldiers in the Eaft Indies, and to depofit and keep fuch men, not exceeding two thoufand at any one time in time of war, and one thoufand at any time in time of peace, at fuch place or places, in any part of his Majefty’s dominions in Europe, as (hall be approved of for that purpofe by his Majefty, until they can be fent to India; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fo enlifting and engaging, after he (hall have (igned an agreement for that purpofe, and (hall have declared before a magiftrate, at the diftance of twenty-four hours at the leaft after his firft enlifting, that he freely and voluntarily figned .fuch agreement, and is willing to go to and ferve the faid united company as a foldier in the EaJl Indies, (hall defert from the place appointed for him to refide at till the time of his embarkation to go to the EaJl Indies, or (hall refufe to perform his agreement, it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons to apprehend fuch per-fon or perfons, and convey him before a magiftrate; and it (hall be lawful for fuch magiftrate, on proof of the cafe, to commit fuch perfon or perfons to gaol, there to be kept in fafe cuftody, and maintained at the expence of the faid united com* pany, until fuch perfon can be fent to India; and it (hall be lawful for the faid united company to caufe fuch perfon or perfons to be conveyed in cuftody on (hipboard, to be carried to the Eaft Indies, in fuch fervice as aforefaid.

XXXIII.	And whereas doubts have orifen% whether, agreeable to the provifions contained in an aft% made in the twelfth year of the reign of his majejly King Charles the Second, intituled, An a & for the encouraging and ^ncrealing of (hipping and navigation, goods and merchandize can lawfully be exported to, and imported fromy the Eaft Indies, and places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, in Jhips and vejfels the property of the faid united company, by reafon that many foreigners are proprietors of flock of the faid united company: and whereas it is fit and proper that Jhips belonging to the faid unifed company Jhould be confidered as Britifh Jhips 5 be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all (hips and veflels belonging to the laid united company, whether built or pur*

u	chafed.

Regulations relative to railing re* emits for the company's fervice in India.

Deferters may be committed.

All veffels belonging to the company (hall be deemed Britifh (hips, within the meaning of the navigation ad 11 Car. a.

Digitized by Google

43* \

Court of directors to deliver to com-miilloners of the treafury copies of all letters and orders relative to the management of their revenues, 14. days before fucli letters are lent;

and to one of the fecre-taries of (fate, copies of all letters, &c. relative to their civil and military affairs. Scc.

Anrto vicefimo prim6 GeoroIi III. c.65.

chafed by the faid united"company, (hail be confidered, decoded, and taken to be Britijb (hips, within the true intent and meaning of the faid ad of the twelfth year of the reign of his majefty King Charles the Second; and the faid united company in refpelt thereof (hall be intitled to all and every the privileges and advantages in and by the faid alt given and granted to the owners of (hips wholly belonging to JBritifk fub-jedts, the fame being navigated in the manner prefcribed by the laws now in being refpelting Britijb built (hips; any thing in the faid alt of the twelfth year of the reign of his majefty King Charles the Second in anywife notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	And be it further enalted by the authority afore-faid. That the court of direltors of the faid united company (hall, and they are hereby required and diredled to deliver to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them for the time being, or to the high treafurer for fhe time being, copies of all .fuch letters and orders as (hall or may any way relate to the management of the revenues of the faid united company, fourteen days at the leaft before the fending or difpatching of fuch letters and orders refpelti vely; and in like manner (hall deliver, to one of his Maiefty’s principal fecretaries of (late, copies of all fuch letters and orders as (hall or may any way relate to the civil and military affairs and government of the faid united company, to any of their fer-yants in India, and fuch copies (hall be figned by two or more of the directors of the faid united company; and that the faid court of directors of the faid united company (hall, and they are hereby required to pay due obedience to, and (hall be governed and bound by, fuch inftru&ions as they (hall receive from his Majefty, by one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, fo far as relates to the conduit and tranfaltions pf the faid united company, and their governors, prcfidents, and councils refpdtively, with the country powers in the Eaft Indies, and alfo to the levying war and making peace, in fuch orders as the faid court of direltors (hall from thenceforth give to the governor and council of their prefidency of Fort Wtuiam in Bengal^ and alfo to their prefident and council in the other Settlements refpeltively belonging to the faid united company: Provided ncverthelefs. That in cafe the fecretary of date, to whom the copies of fuch letters aforefaid (hall be delivered, (hall not, within fourteen days after the delivery thereof, communicate fuch orders and inftrultions as aforefaid, in writing, to the faid court of direltors, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid court of direltors to difpatch and fend fuch orders to their fervants in India, in fuch manner as they (hall think fit.

XXXV.	And whereas by another all, pqjftd in the tUrtuntb year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled, An alt for efta-blilhing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the Eaft India company, as well m India as in Snrtfy

Digitized by

Google

1781.] Aniio viceGmo primo GBorgii lit, c. 65.

it was 9 among other things, enaftedy That 9 for the government ^Recital of the prejidency 0/Fort William in Bengal, there Jbould be appointed 13 G*°* *• a governor general, and four councillors,	the whole civilcap%

military government of the faid prefidency,	alfo the ordering,

management, W government, of all the territorial acquifitions and revenues in the kingdoms of Bengal, Bafiar, and Oriffa, Jhouldy during fucb time as the territorial acquifitions and revenues Jbould remain in the poffejfm of the faid united company, 4* veiled in the faid governor general ana council of the faid prefidency of Fort William in Bengal; and alfo that the governor general and four firft councillors^ appointed by the faid aft Jbould each of them bold and continue in his and their refpeftive offices for and during the term of five years9 from the time of their arrival at Fort William in Bengal, and taking upon them the government of the faid prefidency, and Jbould not be removeable in the mean time, except by his Mojefiy* bis heirs and fucceJfors9 upon reprefentation made by the court of dire ft or s for the faid united company for the time being; and in cafe of the avoidance of the office of fueb governor general by death, rejig* nation, or removal, his place Jbould, during the remainder of the term aforefaid, as often as the cafe Jbould happen, be fupplied by the . perfon of the council who Jbould fiand next in rank to fucb governor general 5 and in eafe of the death, removal, refignation9 or promo-tion9 of any of the faid council, the directors of the faid united Compaq were thereby impoweredy for and during the remainder of the Jaid term of five years, to nominate and appoint, by and with the confent of his Majejly% his heirs and fucceJJ'orSy to be fiignified as therein is mentionedy a perfon to fiucceed to toe office fo become vacant in tbe faid council \ and until fucb appointment Jhould be made, all the powers and authorities vefied in the governor general and council Jbould reft and continue in9 and be exercifed and executed by the governor general and council remaining and furviving: and whereas it may be expedient that certain parts of the Jaid recited aft9 which are expired*

Jbould be revived and continuedy fubjeft to fucb variations as herein-after are mentioned; be it therefore enadea by the authority aforefaid.

That the perfon and perfons who at the time of the palling of The perfoos this ad (hall have and enjoy the office and offices of governor "h° **re general, and councillors of the faid prefidency, (hall hold and continue in his and their refpedive offices for and during the f0uncillors of continuance of this ad, and (hall not be rernoveable in the the prefidency mean time, except by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, of Port Wil-upon reprefentation made by the court of diredors for the faid united company for the time being; and (hall have and enjoy ^}j oAhis all and (ingular the powers and authorities vefied by the faid fhall not ad in the firft governor general and four firft councillors by bc removed the faid ad appointed, and (hall be fubjed to the fame reftric- c^^nuance tions and limitations as by tbe (aid ad the firft governor gene- of this'ad,-ral, and firft four councillors* were made fubjed ? an^ that in except by’his cafe of the avoidance of the offices of ftich governor general, Majefty, &c. or any of the faid councillors, fuch office (hall be refpedively fupplied in tbe fame manner as the fame office would by the

faid

Digitized by i^ooQle

43 t-

Dire&or*, with the con* lent of his Mapfty, may appoint a new governor general, in cafe of death* reflation, See.

but he (ball

not be inti-tied to any ' J'alary, as Inch, until he actually takes upon himfelf Use faid office.

Directors im* powered to appoint* with his Majefty's con Cent, two ' perfons to succeed whenever vacancies (hall happen in the faid prefidency, &c,

Anno viccfimo primo GeoROU III. c. 65.	[178*1,*

faid a& have been fupplied during the remainder of the ternt of five years, which was computed from the time that the firft governor general, and four fiaft councillors, took upon them the government of the faid prefidency.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by * the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the directors of the faid united company, and they are hereby im powered to nominate and appoint, by and with the confent of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, to be fignified under his or their fign manual, atiy one of the council of the faid prefidency of Fort William in Bengal, or any other perfon, to fucceed to the place and office of governor general of the faid prefidency of Fort William in Bengal, and from time to time to revoke the faid nomination and appointmenr; and the perfon fo nominated and appointed (hall fucceed to the faid place or office when the fame (hall happen to become vacant by the death, retignation, or removal or the governor general of the faid prefidency for the time being, and have all and every the powers and authorities of governor general of the faid prefidency of Fort William in Bengal, in like manner as if he had fucceeded after a vacancy had happened; but neverthe-lefs the perfon fo to be appointed as aforefeid to fucceed to the vacant office of governor general of the faid prefidency of Fort William in Bengal, (hall not be intitled to any falary, perquifite, allowance, or advantage whatfoever, as governor general, until he (hall become intitled unto, and take upon himfelf the faid office of governor general of the faid prefidency ; and in cafe he (hall not happen to be at Fort William in Bengal aforefaid, at the time the faid vacancy (hall happen, then and in fuch cafe the faid office (hall be fupplied, until the time of his arrival at Fort William aforefaid, by the fenior councillor of the faid prefidency.

XXXVII.	And whereas it may be inconvenient to /offer the offut of a councillor of the faid prefidency of Fort William in Bengal to remain vacant till the fame can be Supplied in England, after the advice of fuch vacancy; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the directors of the faid united company, and they are hereby im-powered, from time to time, to nominate and appoint, by aod with the confent of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceiTors, to be fignified under his or their fign manual, one or two perfons to fucceed refpe&ively to the omce of a councillor of the faid prefidency of Fort William in Bengal, whenever a vacancy (hall happen in that office by any of the ways in the faid recited a& mentioned, and to declare which of the faid two perfons (hall firft fucceed to the faid office of a councillor, and upon the firft vacancy*in that office the faid perfons refpe&ively (hall fucceed thereto accordingly, and have all and every the powers aqd authorities of a councillor of the faid prefidency of Fort WtBim in Bengal, in like manner as if he had been appointed thereto

after

Digitized by

Google

435

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 66.

after a vacancy had happened; and it (hall and may be- lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon the reprefenta-tion of the court of directors of the faid united company for the time being, from time to time to revoke the nomination and appointment of fuch perfpns to fucceed to the vacant office but the per-of a councillor of the faid preGdency, in like manner as a Tons fo to be councillor of the faid prefidency may be removed from fuch appointed office under the authority of the faid recited a6l; but, never- titled to thelefs, the perfons fo to be appointed as afbrefaid to fucceed any faiary, to the vacant office of a councillor of the faid prefidency, (hall until thev ac-not be in tit led as a councillor to any falary, perquifite, allow- tuaUy ta*ce ance, or advantage whatfoever, until he (hall become intitled f^vea tbeTaid unto, and take upon himfelf, the office of a councillor of the office of faid prefidency.	,	.	councillor.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-

faid, That the commander in chief of all the faid united com- Commander pany’s military forces in the Eajl Ihdies for the time being, *" chief of^ provided he (hall be appointed one of the councillors of the nyVforces", if faid prefidency of Fort IVilliam in Bengal, (hall, from time to appointed a time, ar|d at all times hereafter, take rank as fecond in council councillor, at the faid prefidency, but (hall in no cafe fucceed to the go- ^5 vermnent of the faid prefidency without a fpeciaJ appointment for •*

•that purpofe; but in cafe of the vacancy of governor general cil; butfhall of the faid prefidency at a time when no perlon (hall be ap- not fucceed at pointed to fucceed to the office of governor general, the coun- Sove”\or cillor next in rank to fuch commander in chief (hall fucceed to and hold the office of governor general until fome other fpecial ap-perfon (hall be appointed thereto, as herein-before is men- pointmenu tioned.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That no- Claims to the thing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, .territorial

to prejudice or affeft the rights or claims of the publick, or the faid united company, refpe&ing the faid territorial acquifitions n ^nd revenues.

XL. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That this act (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; Fublick aft. of which notice (hall be judicially taken by all judges, juftices, and all other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame. %	'

CAP. LXVI.

An aft to explain and amend an aft, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of hit prefent Majefly, intituled, An a61 to promote the residence of the parochial clergy, by making provifion for the more fpeedy and effe&ual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchafing houfes, and other neceffary buildings and tenements, for the ufe of their benefices.

WHEREAS by an aft, paffed in the feventeenth year of preamble.

the teign of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An a61 to Recital of promote the refidence of the parochial clergy,* by making pro- 17 Geo. 3. Vol. XXXIII.	G	g	vifion	cap. S1.

Digitized by

Google

I

436	Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. C.66. (i^Sp.

vifion for the mo«e fpeedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchafing houfes, and other necelTary buildings and tenements, for the ufe of tfieir benefices; it is enacted, amongjl other things. That the incumbent of every living or benefice, of which the glebe, tithes, rents, and profits, /halt be mortgaged for the purpofes of the J'aid ah, Jhill pay the inter cjl arifing upon every fuch mortgage, yearly, as the Janie Jhall become due ; and alfo Jive pounds per centum per annum, if fuch incumbent was refiaent, and ten pounds per centum per annum, if non-refident of the principal remaining due, by yearly payments \ which words, if literally underfiood and obferved, would, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the Jail aCt, render the difeharge of the principal fum impracticable, and thereby difeourage perfons from lending money/ upon fuch fecurities ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent Thfclncam* parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Hfent of every the incumbent of every living or benefice of which the glebes, *h*rc- tithes, rents, and profits, have been or (hall be mortgaged for been PurP°^es °f the faid a<^> fhall, from and after the pafling or (hall be of this aft, well and truly pay, or caufe to be paid, to every Tfiori^aged for fuch mortgagee, over and befides the intereft of the principal the puipofes money due upon fuch mortgage, the fum of five pounds per centum per annum, if refident, or ten pounds per centum per to theinbrt- annum, if non-refident, of the money originally advanced upon gagefe, befides fuch mortgage, until the whole of the laid principal money interfeft, 5 per fhall be difcharged ; and if, upon any fuch mortgage or mort-o^the^rin”11' SaSc^ already made, lefs (hall have been paid by the prefent cipal, lTreii- incumbent than what is hereby direfted to be paid, he (ha!!, dent, or 10 and he is hereby required, within fix months after the pafling percent, if of this aft, to make up the deficiency; and in default of pay-non-refident. 'ment thereof within the time aforefaid, the fame (hall be recovered in fuch and the fame manner as the intcrtfl is recoverable by virtue of the provifions in the faid recited aft.

Forms in the II. And be it further enabled, That the forms contained in fchedule to be the faid fchedule refpefting the allowance of accounts, and the obferved. bond anj reccipt to be given by the nominee, as directed by the faid recited aft, or forms to the like effeft (hall be obferved and complied with in the execution of this and the faid recited a<51.

Publick aft. III. And be it further enacled. That this a<ft, and every thing herein contained, fhall be deemed, adjudged, and tiktti to be a publick aft; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the jfame.

Staff

Digitized by L.ooQle



178^] Anno victfimo primo GeoRGII III. c. 66*

State of account of the money advanced and paid by A. B. (reftor or vicar, &c. as the cafe (haH be) of the living of in the county of	for the building (rebuilding,

or repairing) the parfonage houfe and buildings belonging to the faid living according to the direction of a fta tut e mide in the feven-teenth year of the reign of hit m yejly King George the Third.

C. D. Ordinary.

E. F. Patron.

G. H. Incumbent.

Form of allowance of the nominees account of the money received and expended by him purfuant to the directions of the faid ftatute of thefeVtnteenCb of George the Thirds to be written at the foot of fuch account.

WE .'have examined, and do hereby approve and allow the above account. Given under our bands, this day of ,

A. B. Ordinary.

C. D. Patron.

E. F. Incumbent.

%

Receipt to be ftgned by the nominee for the money which JhaH be borrowed and paid into bis hands, purfuant to the direction of the faid ad.

1A. B. being the perfon nominated by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, of the rectory (vicarage, &c. a* the cafe (hall be) of	in	the county of

and dioctfe of the bijhop of	to	receive	and apply the

money authorized to be borrowed by mortgage of the glebe, tithes,

rents, and other profits and emoluments of the faid .

for the pierpofe of building (rebuilding, or repairing, as the cafe

(hall be) the parfonage houfe (or outbuildings, &c. as the cafe (hall

be) belonging to fuch living or benefice, do hereby acknowledge to

have received from the hands of C. D. being the perfon to whom

fuch mortgage is intended to be made, the fum of

being the fum for which fuch mortgage or Jecurity is to be made: and

1 do hereby promife to apply the fame in fuch manner and for fuch

purpofes as are directed by the faid aft.

Form of bond to be given by the nominee and his furety, purfuant to the direction of the faid aft.

OBLIGATION of the bond (in the common form of obligations) from A. B. (defcribing him as in the laft . form of receipt) and C. D. of &c. (defcribing the furety) to (defcribing the ordinary) in the penal fum of	(to be double the fum for which the

iceurity is to be given, &c. &c.)

G g a

Digitized by

43*	Anna	vicefimo	prime Georgh III. c, 67. f 178 r*

Form of the Condition of the faid Pond.

THE condition of the above obligation is jfuch, That if the faid A. B. (naming the nominee as before mentioned) Jhall and do jufily and truly pay and account for the fum of received by him this day from C. D. being the perfon to whom a Mortgage hath been this day made and executed of the glebe, tithes, rents, and other profits and emoluments, of the rectory* (vicarage, &c. as the cafe (hall be) of	for	the	purpofe	of

building (rebuilding, or repairing) of the faid reftory, &c. (as the cafe (hall be), according to the true intent and meaning of two frveral efts of parliament, pa fed in the Jeventeentb and twenty firfi years of the reign of his majefly King George the Third, for tbofe purpofes ; then this obligation to be void, or otberwife to remain in force.

A. B.

C. IX

CAP. LXVII.

An aft to prevent the mifehiefs that arife from driving cattle within the cities of London and Weftminfter, and liberties thereof and bills of mortality.

Preamble. 117 H E R E A S the improper and cruel manner in which cattle VV are driven from Smithfield market, within the city tf London, through the Jlreets of the faid city, and liberties thereof the city ^Weftminfter, and the bills of mortality, hds occafionti great mtfehief, and endangered the lives of many of his Majefiy's liege fubjefts inhabiting therein; for preventing whereof for die future, may it pleafe your fnoft excellent Majefty, that it may • be enafted; and be it enabled by the King's moft excellent , majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Any peace • affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and officer may after pafllng of this a61, if any perfon or perfons, who (ball driv^nifcattle ** h,rcc* or cmpl°yed to drive any cattle within the faid cities through the of London or JVeflminfler, or the liberties thereof, or the bills ft recta of of mortality, (hall, by negligence or ill ufage in the driving London, See. fucft cattle, be die means that any mifehief (hall be done by fuch

perms^ert* catt*e> or ty any one or more	which	(hall	be com-

* mitted to his, her, or their care; or if any driver or drivers of cattle, within the limits aforefaid, (hall in any wife mi(behave himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, in the driving, care, or management of any fuch cattle, by the improper driving, treating, or ufing of fuch cattle; then and in any of the faid cafes, and fo often as any of them (hall happen, it (hall and may be lawful to or for any conftable, or other peace officer, upon view thereof, or information of any perfon or perfons, (who (hall declare his, her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode, to the faid conftable or other peace officer), to feize and fccure, by the authority of this aft, and, without '	.	any

Digitized by L,ooQle

f 781.] Anno vicefurio primo GsoRGH III. C. 67.	439

any other warrant, to convey fuch offender or offenders before fome juftice of the peace of the faid cities of London or IVtft-minfler* or within the bills of mortality ; and the party or par- If the party ties accufed being brought before fuch juftice within whofe be convicted jurifdidlion the offence (hall be committed, fuch juftice dial! proceed to examine upon oath any witnefs or witneflfcs who forfeit from (hall appear or be produced to give information touching fuch 5*. ro *o*. offence, (which oath the faid juftice is hereby authorifed and totheproie-required to adminifter) 5 and rf the party or parties accufed culor*

(hail be convidled of any fuch offence* either by his, her, or their own cortfeflion, or upon fuch information as aforefaid, he, flic, or they, foconvided, (hall forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings, nor lefs than five (hillings, to the perfon or perfons who (hall profecute to convidlion any fuch offender or offenders; and if the perfon or perfons fo convidled or becommit-(hall refufe, or not be able forthwith to pay the fum forfeited, *° tbe every fuch offender (hall, by warrant under the hand and feal reftion, kc~ of fome juftice of the peace, within whofe jurifdidlion 'the per- for one fon offending (hall be convidled, be committed to the houfe of month, corredtion, or fome other prifon within the cities of London or Wejlminfttr% or liberties thereof, or within the bills of mortality, within which the offence (hall have been committed, or the offender (hall be apprehended, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month.

II. And be it further enacled, That if any perfon or per- Perfons not Tons, not being hired or employed to drive cattle within the b*,nS ^nvcrl faid cities of London or IViJlminJier, or the liberties thereof, or ||wi"2|t fhem .the bills of mortality, (hall pelt with Hones, brickbats, or by with (tones, any other means drive or hunt away, or (hall fet any dog or &c. orfet dogs at any ox, heifer, cow, (leer, or other cattle, without the at *hcm* confent of the owner of the fame, or his fervant; then and in may betaken* any of the faid cafes, and fo often as any of them (hall happen, before a it (hall and may be lawful to or for any conftable, or other jnfticej peace officer* upon view thereof, or information of any perfon or perfons who (hall declare bis, her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode, to the faid conftable or other peace officer, to feize and fecure, by the authority of this adl, and, without any other warrant, to convey fuch offender or offenders before (bme juftice of the peace of the faid cities of London or IVtJlminjltr, or within the bills of mortality ; and the and on con-party or parties accufed being brought before fuch juftice, with-in whofe jurifdidlion the offence (hall be committed, fuch juftice (hall proceed to examine, upon oath, any witnefs or from s,. witneffes who (hall appear or be produced to give information 20s., touching fuch offence, (which oath the faid juftice is hereby authorized and required to adminifter; and if the party or par- or be commit-ties accufed (hall be convidled of any fuch offence, either by ted to the his, her, or their own confeflion, or upon fuch information as aforefaid, he, (he, or they, fo convidled, (hall forfeit and pay r< * any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings, nor lefs than fivfc (hillings, to tht perfon or perfons who (hall profecute to con-

G g 3	vidtion

Digitized by LjOoq le

440	Anno	videfimo priino Georgii Ml. c. 67.	[1781.

vkSion any fuch offender or offenders; and if the perfon or perfons fo convidted (hall refufe,or not be able forthwith to pay • the fum forfeited, every fuch offender (hall, by warrant under the hand and feal of fome juftice of the peace, within whofe jnrifdi<5tion the perfon offending (hall beconvi&ed, be committed to the houfe of correction, or fome other prifon within the cities of London or ^cjiminfl^r^ or liberties thereof, or within the bills of mortality, within which the offence (hall have been committed, or the offender fhall be apprehended, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority 'aforefaid, ^a^thefor ^lat *n ca^c the Per^on or perfons, giving fuch information as felt, though aforefaid, fhall negledl or refufe to attend, without fome lawful the’informer excufe, to be allowed by the juftice, fuch conftable, or other fliould negleft peace officer, within the fpace or fix hours from the time of to attend. making fuch information, he, fhe, or they fo offending (hall, up* on proof being made on the oath of fuch conftable or peace of*

'	'	ficer, that fuch perfon had given fuch information as aforefaid

(which oath the laid juftice is hereby authorized and required to adminifter), forfeit and pay any fom not exceeding forty (hillings, not lefs than ten (hillings, to fuch conftable or peace officer s and in cafe the fame (hall not, upon demand being made by fuch conftable or peace officer, be forthwith paid, the fame, (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice.

CouitofaMer-	IV. And be it further enadled, That the court of mayor and

menimpowtr- aldermen of the city of London, for the time being, (hall have ed.t0 "J.ake full power and authority to make, frame, and.fet down in writ-gulathigdrtv-	rea^onahle rules, orders, or ordinances, for governing

ers of cattle and regulating all perfons who (hall drive any cattle, (heep, withinLondon calves, or lambs, within the faid cities of London or JVtJtminper, and Weftmin* and liberties thereof, or the. bills of mortality, and to annex ; cr# &c* rcafonable penalties and; forfeitures for the breach of fuch rules, orders, and ordinances, not exceeding forty (hillings,, nor left than ten (hillings, for any one offence: and fuch rules, or-y ders, and ordinances, or any^of them, from time to pme, (o alter and amend.

The time for V. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That norhiog in this keepingfmith- a<ft contained (hall extend, or be conftrucd to extend, to em-field Market power the faid court of mayor and aldermen to (horten or ^toortened. abridge the time for keeping the faid market open ; but that tire

........# fame (hall be kept open from the hour of twelve of the clock at

night till the hour of three of the clock in the afternoon on the ,,	Jeveral market days, and at no other hours, unlefs the faid court

of mayor and aldermen (hall judge it proper to enlarge the time *	for keeping it open.

Any juftice VI. And be it further dialed fcy the autliority.afbre(aid,Thit within the any one juftice of the peace of the cities of London or WeftminJUr, bills of mor- Qr	the	bjlls of mortality, within whofe jurifduftion say

tality may de-/	'	?	offence

Digitized by Google

AnnQ vicefipo prirnp Geojig(1 III, p. 67.	.^1

offence (hall be committed, (hall have power to hear and deter- termine coin-mine, in a fummary way, complaints of offences that (ball be fj^c^a0 apnft committed contrary to any of the rules, orders, or ordinances, anyfru!ef at any time hereafter to be made by the faid court, of the mayor made by the and aldermen, in purfuance of this a61 ; and the faid juftice or courtot alder-juftices, and each of them refpedively, within their refpedive mcn*.&c* jurifdidions, is and are hereby authorized and required upon view, or upon complaint made, on oath, to them refpedively, of any fuch offence, committed within their refpedive jurifdidions, contrary to fuch rules, orders, or ordinances, within fix days after the commiffion of any fuoh offence, to iffue his or their warrant or warrants, under his hand and fcal, or their hands and feals, direded to fuch conftables, or other peace officer or officers, as the faid juftice or juftices, or any one of them, (hall, from time to time, think fir, thereby requiring him or them to * apprehend fuch offender or offenders, and to bring him, her, or them, before the faid juftice or juftices, or any one of them, within their refpedive jurifdidions, to anfwer the matters of complaint to be contained in fuch warrant or warrants ; and if ^ ^ the fuch offender or offenders (hall be convided, either by his, her, plrty i,c con. or their confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible wit- vidM, may nefs or witnefles, (which oath fuch juftice or juftices refpedive- fine him. ly, or any one of them, is and are hereby authorized and re- • quired to adminifter), it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices, or any one of them, to impofe a fine upon him, her, or them, for the faid offence, not exceeding the penalty or penalties which (hall be inflided in and by the faid rules, orders, and ordinances ; and if the perfon or perfons, fo convided, (hall neg- Offender not led or refufe forthwith to, pay the penalty or forfeiture impofed	P*“

upon him, her, or them, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch ju- committed to (lice or juftices, or one of them, in his or their refpedive jurif- the houfe ot diflions, immediately to commit the perfon or perfons convid- corredion, ed to the houfe of corredion, or other prifon, within the jurif-didion of fuch juftice or juftices refpedively, or any one of them, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar .month, unlefs the faid penalty or forfeiture (hall be fooner paid ; all which penalties and forfeitures (hall go and be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform and profecute to convidion any fuch offender or offenders.

VII. And he it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon, who (hall be apprehended for having com-mitted any offence againft this ad, (hall refufe to difeover his, £ov“ r thcic * her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode, to names and the juftice or juftices before whom he, (he, or they, (hall be places of a-brought, fuch perfon or perfons, fo refuting, fhafl immediately be delivered over to a conftable, or other peace officer, and (hall ^^common0 by him be conveyed to the common gaol, or houfe of corred- gaol, ion, of the county or place where the offence (hall be commit-ed, or the offender or offenders (hall be apprehended ; there to remain for the fpace of one calendar month, or until he, (he,

V they, (hall declare his, her, or their name or names, and

G g 4	Placc



Digitized by v^,ooQle

44*

Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. C. 67.	[1781.

place or places of abode, to the faid juftice, or to fome other juftice of the peace of the faid county or place.

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enabled by the author-An abftraft of ^ a^ore^ai^> That an abftract of the feveral proviilons and pc-the penalties nalties contained in this a<5l, and all fuch rules, orders, and or-contained in dinances, fo to be made, from time to time, by the faid court this aft and of of mayor and aldermen, (hall, within fourteen days after the to be*roadeCb ma*c*nS fuch rulcs* orders, and ordinances, be printed and thecoui tot al- a^xed upon fuch of the moft confpicuous places within the dermen, to be faid cities of London and Wejlminjltr, and liberties thereof, and printed, &c. bills of mortality, in fuch manner as the faid court (hall think

proper, and, from time to time, order.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe any perfon, Warrants may againft whom a warrant (hall be iffued by any juftice of the on offenders peace, either before or after convi&ion as aforefaid, for any of-or their goods, fence again ft this adt, or againft fuch rules, orders, and ordi-outof theju- nances, hereafter to be made, as aforefaid, (hall cfcape, go into, rifdidion refide, or be in any other county, city, liberty, town, or place, wcre^raoteS. out the jurifdidtion of the perfon granting fuch warrantor

* warrants as aforefaid ; or if the goods and chattels of any offender, convicted of any offence in purfuance of this aCt, (hall be in.a different county, city, liberty, town, or place, than where the faid party was convicted, or the warrant of diltrcfs granted, it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace of the county, city, liberty, town, or place, into which fuch perfon (hall efcape, either before or after conviction, or where his goods and chattels (hall be after fuch conviction, and they, and every of them, are hereby required, within their refpective ju-rifdiCtions, upon proof made, upon oath, of the hand writing of the faid juftice granting fuch warrant or warrants, to indorfe his or their name or names on fuch warrant, and the fame, when fo indorfed, (hall be a fufficient authority to all peace officers to execute fuch warrant in fuch other countv, city, liberty, town, or place, out of the jurifdiClion of the perfon granting the faid warrant; and the faid juftices refpeClively, or any one of them, as the cafe (hall happen, after indorfing the faid warrant, may, on the offender or offenders being apprehended and brought before the faid juftices, or any one of them, within their refpeft-ivejurifdi&ions, proceed to hear and determine the complaint in the fame manner as if it had originally arofe within their refped-ive jurifdiClions, or may direct the offender to be carried to the perfon who granted the faid warrant, to be dealt with according to law.

Profccution to 3C. Provided always, and be it cnaCted by the authority aforc-becommenced faid. That no perfon (hall fuffer any puniftiment for any offence within 14days committed againft this aCl, unlefs the profecution for the feme alter the of- foe commenced within fourteen days after the offence (hall be ence, x. committed j and that when any perfon (hall fuffer iroprifonmenr, purfuant to this a<ft, for any offence contrary thereto, in default of payment of any penalty hereby impofed, or (hall hereafter bfc impofed, for the breach of any of the rules, orders, and

ordinances,

Digitized by

Google

443

1781.] Anno vicefimo prlmo GkorGii III. c. 67.

ordinances, which (hall or may be made by the court of mayor and aldermen, as aforefaid, fuch perfon (hall not be liable after-wards to pay fuch penalty.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be It enabled by the authority afore-faid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved, by the order or judgement of any juftice Ippcal to the of the peace, upon account of any offence committed, or fup- quarter feffi-pofed to be committed, againft this ad, it (hall and may be on*i

lawful for fuch perfon pr perfons to appeal to the next general or quarter feflions of the peace to be holden for the county, city, or place, where any fuch convidion (hall be made, the perfon or perfons fo appealing firft giving fecurity, in the fum forfeited, before fuch juftice or juftices in their refpedlve jurifdic-lions, to profecute fuch appeal with effed, and to abide, by the order or orders which (hall be made on fuch appeal; and giving fourteen days notice, in writing, of fuch intention to appeal, to giving 14 days the party or parties on whofe profecution fuch convidion was notice-founded, if there are fo many days between the time of the convidion and fuch general or quarter feflions; and if there are not, then to the next fubfequent general or quarter feflion which (hall be held after any fuch convjdion ; and the juftices, in the faid general or quarter feflions, are hereby authorifed to hear and determine every fuch appeal, and to make fuch order therein, and to award fuch cofts as to them (hall appear to be juft; and to caufe to be levied, under the order of any fuch feflion, the cofts which (hall be awarded, together with fuch fum of money as any fuch court of feflion, on the hearing any fuch appeal, (hall adjudge to be forfeited, by diftrefs and (ale of the goods and chattels of the perfon who (hall refufe to pay fuch cofts and fum of money forfeited, or of the perfon or perfons who (hall have become furetyor furcties for him as aforefaid.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That no order or pro- ?roceedingt ceedings to be made or had by or before any juftice of the

peace, by virtue of this a#, (hall be qua (bed or vacated for of form, want of form; and that the order of the juftices, at their general or quarter feflions, within their feveral jurifdidions, (hall be final; and that no proceedings of any fuch juftices qut of feffi- ?Prhrcraovea~ on, or in their faid general or quarter feflions, in purfuance of^Ji#y cerll°* this ad, (hall be removeable by certiorari, or otherwife.

XIII.	And, for the more eafy and fpeedy convidion of offenders againft this ad, be it further enaded, That all and eve- How juftices ry the juftice and juftices of the peace, before whom any perfon to proceed for or perfons (hall be convided of any offence againft this ad, cwivtftion of (hall and may caufe the convidion to be drawn up in the follow- offcndm* ingform of words, or in any other form of words to the fame

effed, as the cafe (hall happen; (videlicet);

BE it remembered, That on the	day of Form of

in the year of our Lord	convidion.

A. B. is conviftcd before me C. D. one of bis Mcjefly's juftices of tie peace for the cities of London or Weft-

minftcr.

Digitized by

Google

444	Anno	viceGmo primo G£Q?GH l\ht C. ($. {178 1.

.minder, the county of Middlefex, either on his own confejfign, sr, on the oath of one or more credible witnefs of witnefjes (as the cafe (hall be,) by virtue of an' aft, made in the twenty frfl year of thf reign of his mujejly King George the Third, to prevent the mijehiefs that arife from driving cattle within the cities of London and Weft-minfter, and liberties thereof and bills of mortality; [Specifying the offence, and time and place when and where the fame was committed, as the cafe may be.]

Given under my hand and feal, the day and year above written.

Limitation of XIV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforeOid, *ftioni. That if any aftion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, it,'(hall be brought or commenced within fix calendar months next after every fuch caufe of aftion (hall have accrued and not afterwards, and (hall be brought, laid, and tried in the county, city, or place, in which fuch offence (hall have been committed, and not elfewhere 5 and the defendant or derend-Cencral iffue. ants> *n fuch aftion or fuit, may plead the general iiTue, and give this aft and the fpecial matrer in evidence at any trial or trials which (hall be had thereon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of this aft : and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch aftion or fuit (hall not be commenced within tjie time before limited, or (hall be laid pr brought in any other county, city, or place, than where the offence (hall have been committed, then, and in any of fuch cafes, the jury or juries fhall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or (hall diicontinue his aftion or aftions, or if judgement (hall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then, and in any of the cafes aforefaid, fuch defendant or defendants (hall have Treble coda* treble cofts, and (hall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or may have for his or their cofts in any other cafes by law.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a pub-lick aft; and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juflices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LXVIII.

jfn aft to explain and amend an a ft, made in the fourth year of tie reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An . aft for the more etfeftual puni(hing dealers of lead and iron bars, fixed to houfes, or any fences belonging thereunto.

WHEREAS by an aft, pafftd in the fourth year of the rain of his late majfjly King George the Second, (intituled^ An aft for the more effectual puniffring dealers of lead or iron bars, fixed to houfes, or any fences belonging thereunto;)

cnofltJ,

publick aft.

Preamble. Recital of 4- Geo. », cap. 3*,

Digitized by v^ooQle

1781.] Anno viqefipo pruno GeoroiI UL c.68.	445

enafttd, That all and every perfon and perfons, wfo ./2W/ri/>, cut, or breaks with intent to Jleal, any lead, iron,bar, iron gate, pal-lijadoe, or iron rail whatfoever, being fixed to any dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, ioacb-boufe,Jlable, or other building, ufedor occupied with4 fitch dwelling-boufie, or thereunto belonging, or to any other building whatfoever,	in any garden, orchard, court-yard\ fence, or

outlet belonging to any dwelling*houfe, or other building, Jhall be demeed and confirmed to be guilty of felony, and Jhall fuffer the paint and penalties therein mentioned; and all and every perjon and perfont who Jhall be aiding, abetting, or ajfifting, in Jhaling, or in fuch rip-ping, cutting, or breaking, any lead, iron bar, iron gate, iron pallifadoe, or iron rail, fixed to any dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, coach-houfe, fable, or. other . building, or fixed in any garden, orchard, court-yard, fence, or* out-let belonging to any dwelling-'houfe or other building j or who Jhall buy or receive any fuch bad, iron bar, iron gate, iron pallifadoe, or iron rail, knowing the fame to be fiolett, Jhall be fubieft and liable to the fame punijhments as if he, Jhe, or they, had fiolen the fame: and whereas the flealing of copper, brafs, and bell-metal, affixed to dweliing-houfes and the appurtenances thereto, is not expreffly prohibited and made punijhable by the faid recited aft oj parliament, whereby wicked and evil difpof-ti perfons have been encouraged to fieal the fame, end others to buy and receive the fame knowing the fame to be Jlolen; for preventing of which, be it enacted by the King’s tnoft excellent majefty, by. and with the advice and content of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, prom t9 and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft I7gf> au pCr-day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, all Tons who (halt and every perfon and perfons who (hall deal, rip, cut, break, or ftca,» or.rf‘. remove, with intent to fteal, any copper, brafs, bell-metal, [2nt utenfd, or fixture, being fixed to any dwelling-houfe, out-*anjr copper/ houfe, coach-houfe, fiable, or other building ufed or occupied brafs, See. with fuch dwelling-houfe, or thereunto belonging, or to any fixed to any other building whatsoever, or fixed in any garden, orchard, court-yard, fence, or outlet, belonging to any dwelling-houfe, foall bedeem-or other building, or any iron rails or fencing fet up or fixed in ed guihy of any Square, court, or other place, (fuch perfon having no title, felony, and or claim of tide thereto,) (hall be deemed and conftrued tp be ^^tedt'orfe" guilty of felony; and the court by and before whom fuch per- venyeai^&c. Ion or perfons (hall be tried and convidled, (hall, and hereby have power and authority to tranfport fuch felons for the term of feven years, in like manner as other felons are directed to be tranfported by the laws and ftatutes of this realm; or to order and dire& that fuch offender be kept and detained in pri-(bn, and therein kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three years, nor lefs than one year j and within that time, if inch court (hall think fit, fuch offender (hall be once, or oftener, ^ but not more than three times, publickly whipped: and all and fonsaflifting every perfon and perfons who (hall be aiding, abetting, or affift- in fuch (feeing, in Healing, or in fuch ripping, cutting, breaking, or remov- 108* mg, any copper, brafs, bcU-metal, uteofil or fixture, fixed to any jj®£ Tj^uyr

dwelling- *

Digitized by

Google

44®	Anno	vicefirao primoGsoRGii III. c. 69.	[	1781^

knowing them dwelling-houfe, outhoufe, coach-houfe,, (table or other building,' to be ftolen, or fixed in any garden, orchard, court-yard, fence, or outlet, to*the fames' belonging to dwelling-houfe, or other building, or any iron punifhments. rai^s» or ^nc*rtg» up or fixed in any fquare, court, or other * place 5 or who (hall buy or receive any fuch copper, brafs, bell-metal, utenfil, or fixture, iron rails, or fencing, knowing the fame to be ftolen, (hall be fubjedt and liable to all and every the fame punifliments, pains, and penalties, as if he, (he, or they, had ftolen the fame, although the principal felon or felons has not or have not been convidted of dealing the fame 5 any law to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

CAP. LXIX.

t

An aH to explain and amend an an, made in the twentynintb years/ the reign of bis late majefly King George the Second* intituled\ An adt for more effedtually difeouraging and preventing the (leal* ing, and the buying and receiving of ftolen lead, iron, copper, brals, bell-metal, and folder j and for more effedtually bring: ing the offenders to juftice.

Preamble,	TTTHEREAS by an an,	paffedin the twenty-ninthyeat of th

V V reign of his late majejly King George the Second* (intituled, Recital of An adt for the more effedtually difeouraging and preventing the *9 Geo. *, dealing, and buying of ftolen lead, iron, copper, brafs, bcH-^•3°. metal, and folder; and for more effedtually bringing the offenders to juftice;) divers praviftons were made Jor punijbini the receivers and buyers of lead* iron, copper, brafs, bell metal* oad folder, knowing the fame to be ftolen: and whereas the /aid aft for been found by experience to tend to good and ufeful purpofts, and to prevent many felonies being committed in refpen to the feveral article therein mentioned; but the metal called Pewter not being mentimi or included in the faid aft, evil difpofed perfons have taken advantagi thereof \ and the Jlealing of pewter pots, and other pewter, and ibt buying and receiving fuch pewter pots, and other pewter, knowing tbt fame to be ftolen, is become a great and notorious evil; be it enafted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, this prefent parliament affembled,and by the authority of the (amc, 181?every ** That, from and after the firft day of Augufl, one thoufand feven perion who hundred and eighty one, every perfon who (hall buy or receive (hall buy or	any pewter pot, or other veffel, or any pewter in any form or

teceive any	,(hape whatever, knowing die fame to be ftolen, or unlawfully

or other^pew- comc by \ or (hall privately buy or receive any ftolen pewter, ter, knowing by differing any door, window, or fhutter, to be left open or the’lame to	unfaftened, between fun-fetting and fun-rifmg, for that purpofe;

be ftolen, See. or (hall buy or receive the fame at any time, in any clandeftine vision11 be*1" marMlcr* from anY P^fon or perfons whatfoever; (hall, bang tranfported as thereof convidled by due courfe of law, although the principal a felon for fe. felon or felons has not or have not been convicted ot/ftealing ven years, &c. the fame* be trapfported, in like manner as oilier fclons are dU

Digitized by Google

447

1781.] Anno viceGfno primo GeoRgii III. c. 70.

tcfted to be tranfported by the laws and ftatutes of this realm, for any time not exceeding (even years, or be kept and detained m prifon, and there-in kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding three years, nor lefs than one year; and within that ’ time (if fucb court (hall think fitting) fuch offender or offenders (hall be once, or oftener, but not more than-three timds, pub-lickly whipped.

CAP. LXX.

An aft to explain and amend fo much of an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the rei^n of his prefent Majefiy, intituled. An aft for efta-blifting certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the Eafi India company, as well in India as in Europe, as relates to the adminiflration ofjujiice in Bengal; and for toe relief of certain perfons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal, finder a moment of the fupreme court of judicature; and alfo for indemnifying the governor general and council of Bengal, and all officers who .have, afted under their orders or authority, in the undue refiftance made to the procefs of the fupreme court.

WH E R E A S, in virtue of an aft paffid in the thirteenth year Preamble.

of bis prtfent Majejly's reign, intitule d,An aft for eftablift- Recital of -mg certain regulations for the better management of the affairs ijGeo.j.c.6j. orthe Eaft Indiacompany, as well in India as in Europe, his Ma-hit royal letters patent of the twenty-fixth day of March, in the fourteenth year of his reign, did create and confiitute a court of retard, to be within the faftory of Fort William, at Calcutta in Bengal, called The fupreme coart of judicature at Fort William in Ben ga\,with fundry dir eft ions, powers, and authorities to the faid court, tn the faid letters patent fet forth and expreffed: and whereas many doubfs and difficulties have arifen concerning the true intent and meaning of certain claufes and provifions in the faid aft and letters patent, and by reafon thereof dijfenfion hath arifen between the judges of the fupreme court and the governor general and council of Bengal; and the minds of many inhabitants, fubjeft to the faid government, have been difquieted with fears and apprehenfions \ and further mifihiefs may poffibly enfue from the Jaid mifunderftandings and iifcontents, if a feafonable and fuitable remedy be not provided: and whereas it is'expedient that the lawful government of the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orifla, fhould beJupportei, that the t revenues thereof fhould be collected with certainty, and that the inha- / bitants fhould be maintained and protected in the enjoyment of all I their ancient laws, ufages, rights, and privileges: may it therefore i pleafe your Majefly that it maybe enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of The governor Hie fame, That the governor general and council of Bengal ftall Sfner?J a"d not be fubjeft, jointly or feverally, to the jurisdiction of the fu- ^gaj not to preme court of Fort William in Bengal, for or by reafon of any be fubjeft to aft or order, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, coun- the fupreme '	felled,	court*

Digitized by LjOOqIc

4+8

Anno vicefimo prlmo Georoii III. c* 70. [1781,

felled* ordered, or don* by them in their publick capacity only* and adding as governor ^general and council Pcrfons im* II. And it is hereby ena&ed and declared* That if any perfon pleaded in the or perfon$ ftnJ] be impleaded,: irv any action or proofs, civil or for*aft8Cdone criminal in the faid fupretne court, for any aft or acts d6ne by by order of the order of the faid governor general and council in writing, he the governor or they may plead the general iflue, and give theTqid order in general,&c. evidence; which faid order, with proof that the aft or afts done fttneraHiTue. *las 01 *iavc been ^on* ^dbrdipj tb tli* purport of the fame, (hall amount to a fufficientjuftification of the faid. afts, and the defendant (hall be fully juftlfied, acquitted, and difehareed from all and every fuit, aftion, and jprocefs whatfoever, civil or criminal, in the faid cottft.

Piovifo. I In. Provided always, That with refpeft to Tilth order or or-J ders of the laid governor general and council as do or (hall tx-I tend to arty Britijb fubjeft or fubjefts, the faid court (toil have I and retain as full and competent jurifdjftion a$ if this ad had never been made.

The governor general, &c. to remidn liable to any complaint before a competent court in this kingdom.

If any perfon making complaint to the lupreme court againft the governor general, See ihall execute a bond to the company to prole-cute the fame in fome competent court in Great Britain, Sec.

fuch perfon may compel, by order of the court, the production of copies of the orders complained of, See.

IV.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained flttfl tx-tend, or be Confirmed to extend, to difeharge or acquit the faid governor general and council jointly or fefcefuHy,. Of Wiy jther perfon orpttffbns Aftdag by or under their order, irobH my can-plaint, fait, or procefs, before my Competent-court -in this kingdom, or to give any other authority whatfoev.er Co their a<5b, than aftsof the fame nature and description had, by thekwsaod ftatutes of this kingdom, before this aft was made.

V.	Andy in order to prevented abufe of the powers given to tit governor general and council, be it further ertafted. That in cafe any perfon, by himfelf, or his attorney or counfel, (hall make a complaint to the fupremc court, and enter the fame in writing, and upon oath, of any oppreflton or injury, charging the bote to be committed by the faid governor general, or any member or members of the council, or any other perfon or perfons by or in virtue of any order given by the faid governor general and council, and (hall execute a bond, with (bme other perfon whom the faid court (hall deem refponfible, jointly and feverally, to the united Baft India company, in fuch a penalty as thecoun (hall appoint, effeftually to profecute the faid complaint by in-diftment, information, or aftion, in fome competent court in. Great Britain, within two years of the making of the fame, or of the return into Great Britain of the party or parties againft whom the fame is made; that then, and in fuch cafe, the party complaining (hall be, and i6 hereby enabled to compel, by order of the court, the produftion in the faid fupreme court of true copy or copies of the order or orders of council complained of, and to have the fame authenticated by the court, and to examine witneffes upon the matter of the (aid complaint, and alfo on the part of the perfon or perfons complained of; and die faid parties, as well complaining as complained of, (ball have and enjoy feverally all manner ot advantages, rights, and privileges, relative to proof of the faid complaint er defence, and

tlfo

Digitized by

Google

1781.} Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 70.	449

*lfo relative to any Mandamus or commiflion to be iflued by any of his Majefty’fc courts in JVeJlminJUr-hally in cafe the court up-*>n motion (hall think fit to iflue the fattie, as are provided in	*	.	.

'cafe of any fiiifc in fuch Cafes by art a ft of the thirteenth year of *his Majefty’s reign, intituled, Ah aft fir ejltiblijbing Certain rtgu-idtipns for the better management of the affairs of the Eaft India MW-'fany* as well in India as in Europe; and the fupreme court fhall fhave the fame powers for the compelling witnefles to appear tend be examined, and the fame roles and directions (hall be observed for the tranfmittirtg the depositions of winrdfts and other papers to this, kingdom, as are provided by the foid recited

^1 ^	i	^#11 ti	sit

VI.	And be it further 'ena&ed, Tnat all copies fo aUthenti- copies of cr-

eated of orders’of the faid governor general and Council, and ders,&c. (hall alfo the depofitions which fhaH. *hatfe b£en taken in manner !?* received # , aforefaid before the fupreme dtfurtr Thillhe recefaeditV' evi- Ih/court^at^ (fence in any of :fei$ Alajefty*$ cOuffS 6f Jaw or equity at Weft- Wcftmix^iler. mimffer.	.	*

VII.	And be it further ertafted, That no profeciitioh or fuit Limitation of ihaU he. carried pdagainft the faid. governor general, or any action** kqember of the council, before aOy coiirt in Great Britain^

(tnq high court of parliament only excepted), unlefs the fame fliall be .commenced within five years after the offertce committed* Qr within five years after his arrival \ti 'England.

VTII. And be it further enafted. That the faid foprtrme court SuPrcmr (hall not have or exercife any jurifdiftion in any matter con-ccrnihg the revenue,, or concerning any aft or afts ordered or ritdi&ion in-done in the colleftion thereof, according to the ufage and prac- any matter tice of the country, or the regulations of the governor general and council. ;

IX.	And, for removing all dotibts concerning the perfons No perfon fubjeft to the jurifdiftion of the faid fupremfe Court, be it enaft- (hall

ed. That no perfop ft>all be fubjeft ;o the jurifdiftion of the fu- dtftioaof the preme court, for.or ,by reafon of his feeing a landowner, land- fupreme coure holder, or farmer of land, or of land rent, or for receiving a onaccount of payment or penfion in lieu of any title to, or ancient pofleffion	or

of, land or land rent, or for receiving any compenfation or fhare ^rmer of profits for ccllefting of rents payable to the publick out of land, Ac. fuch lands or diftrifts as are aftually farmed by himfelf, or thofe who are his under-tenants in virtue of his farm, or for exercif-ing within the faid lands and farms any ordinary or local author-ity.commonly annexed to the pofleffion or farm thereof, within the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, or For or by reafon of his, becoming fecurity for the payment of the rents referved orotherwife payable out of any lands qr farms, or farms of land_ within the provinces of Bengal, B'ah/ify and Oriffa.

X.	“	“	‘	w

reafon

general and council, or by any perfon deriving authority under £c, them, or for or on account of his being employed by a native or defeetutant of a native'of Great Britain, (hall become fubjeft 6»	,	*	to

1 the provinces ot Bengal, Bahpf^ and Oriffa.

And be it further enacted,\That no perfon, for or, by nwf°rJd 1 1 of his being employed by fhd company, or the gdvernoV tKPcompany# \

Digitized by v^ooQle

except In action! for tref-pafic!. See.

The name, defeription, and place of abode, of every native employed in the lervice of the company* in finy judicial office, Sec. lhall be entered in a book.

On the death of any perfon employed by the company* his name fhall be entered in a book.!

All British fubje£h (hall enter, in the provincial office, the name and place of abode of their native ftew-ardt agents, &c.

Penalty on Britilh fub-employ-

Anno vicefimo prlmo Georgii III. C. 70.	[1781.

to the jurifdidiion of the fupreme court in any matter of inheritance or fucceflion to lands or goods, or in any matter of dealing or contra# between party or parties, except in adtions for wrongs or trefpafles, and alfo except in any civil fuit by agreement of parties in writing to fubmit the fame to the decifionof the (aid court.

XI. Andy for the more perfectly afeertaining thofe of the no-tives who Jhall be fubjeti to the jurtfdiftion of the fupreme courts an account of their being employed by any of his Majejly's Britilh Jub-jefis j be it enadted, That, on or before the firft day of January^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, the governor general and council fhall caufe the name, defeription, and place of ufual abode, of all and every native employed in the fervice of ths Eaft India company In any judicial office, or as principal native omcei; of any diftridt in the colledtion of revenue, or in any commercial concerns of the company, (except as hereinbefore excepted j, to be entered in a book or books alphabetically difpofed, diRinguifhing the diftridt in which the faid officers are employed; o.f which book or books two copies fhall be made, one of which fhall remain in the provincial office; and tire other of which fhall be regiftered in the fupreme court; and the governor general and council are hereby required to re-gifter, or caufe to be regiftered, the name of every perfon who Inal] afterwards be appointed to fucceed to any office vacant or new created, within three months of the faid appointment or creation.

XIT And be it further enadted, That whenever any perfon or perfons fhall happen to die, or (hall be removed from any judicial office or employment whatfoever, in the fervice of the EaJ] India company, the name or names of fuch perfon or perfons fo-dying or removed, as aforefaid, (hall be entered in a book or books for that purpofe, to be kept in the manner aforefaid.

XIII.	And It is hereby further enadted, That all and every of his Majefty’s Brit if.'? fubjedts (hall, in like manner, caufe to be entered in the provincial office of the diftridt in which the faid Britijh fubjedts doth moft commonly refide, the name, defeription, and place of abode, of his native fteward or ftewards, agent or agents, or partner or partners, in any concern of revenue, or merchandize (if any fuch fteward, agent, or partner he hath), and in like manner fhall enter or caufe to be entered, within three months from the time of fucceflion or new appointment, or new partnerfhip, the names of him or them who are difmifled, dead, or new appointed, in the faid provincial office ; and the prefident of the faid council is diredted to tranfmir, within three months, to Calcutta the name of every perfon who ihall fucceed to the faid employment or partnerfhip, for which a fee of one Sicca rupee for every entiy, and no more, (hall be paid to the officer keeping the faid regifter.

XIV.	Andiae it further enadted, That if any Britijhfutjeft (hall be conyidted, before the fupreme court, of employing any

native

Digitized by Google

1781.] Anno- vicefimo primo GeoRGII III. c. 70;

native agent, or engaging with any native partner, not regiftef- in^anv native cd as herein before is provided, or who (hall be bona fide, and ^^i-^ercd* hi effect and fubftance, fuch agent or partner, (although by B •covin, collufion, or deceit, the fame may be covered and cori-cealed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a<5t), the faid Britijh fubjetf, if in the company’s fervice, (hall forfeit* on convidtion, the fum of five hundred pounds, and if not in the company’s fervice, (hall forfeit one huhdred pounds, to any perfon fuing for the fame.	*'

XV. And it is hereby further enabled, That no native (hall,	ertm

after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fajar before ‘eighty-three, be entitled to receive any fee Or falary except from he js regifter-the day of the date of his regiilry.	:	ed.

X VI. And be it further enatf ed, That if any Britijh European Penalty on fubje& (hall engage in any concern of trade with a native partner »tifh Euro-not regilVcfred as herein diredted, the faid Britijh fubjecSt (hall not be entitled to recover or receive any fum or fums of money tragic by reafon of the faid joint concern, or to compel an account flrrrive part-thereof, by any fuit in law or equity, in any court within the ners notreg?-feid provinces; and arty perfon, profeCOtmg to conviction, in the fupretne court, a Britijh fubjedt having a native partner or •agent not being regiftered as aforefeid, (hall be entitled to, and (hall recover, by due procefs of the faid court, the whole of the felar^y engaged for, and (hall alfo be entitled fo an account and-receipt or the faid Britijh fubjedl’s (hare of profit of any partner-Ihip entered into with any perfon or perfons not conforming to the regulations of this aft.

• XVfl. Provided always, and be it enadted, That the fupreme	*	I

court of judicature at FortlVuliam in Bengal, (hall have full preme court:	I

power and authority to hear and determine in fuch manner as (hallderer- j is provided for that purpofe in the faid charter or letters patent, all and all manner of adtions and’ fuits againft all and Angular homedao \ the inhabitants of the faid city of Calcutta; provided that their Gentu ujbabi-i inheritance and fucceflion to lands, rents, and goods, and all tantt of CaU matters of contract and dealing between party and party, (hall cutta# « be determined, in the cafe of Mahomeddns, by the laws and ufa^- * “ 4 ' ' ges of Mahomedam, and in cafe of Genius, by the laws and ufaM •

‘ges of Gent&s \ and where only one of the parties (hall be a Md~ hemedanox Gentu, by the laws and ufages of the defendant.

XVIII.	And, in order that regard Jhould be had to the civil and The autfio- ( religious ufages of the Jaid natives, be it enacted. That the rights and matters of and authorities of fathers of families, and mafters of families, ac- families. cording as the fame might have been exercifed by tht Gentd, ot among the 'Mahomedan law, (hall be preferved to them refpedtively within native*, 10 b* their faid families; nor (hall any adts done in confequehce of Preffeivcd> ^ the rule and law of caft, refpedting the members of the faid families only, be held and adjudged a crime, although tha&me may not be held juftifiable by the laws oi England.

XIX.	And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be The Supreme

lawful for the fupreme Coort of.judicature at Fort William in coyrtmay J&engal, to frame fuch procefs, and make fuch rules acfd orders £ anrJ? iuch ; Vail. XXXIII.	EJ	h	for	forra8ofPro-

452	Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 70. [1781.

cefr, Sec. in for the execution thereof, in fuits civil or criminal againft the iuiu againft natives of Bengal, Bahar% and Oriffa, as may accommodate the a«eflull fuU Tamc to the religion and manners of fuch natives, fo far as the tbetr religion fame may confift with the due execution of the iaws and attain-andmanners, ment of juftice.

Such forms to XX. Provided always, and be it enadled, That fuch new be tranfmitted forms ofprocefs, and rules and orders for the execution thereof, to one of the ^ajj forthwith tranfmitted to one of his Majefty’s principal ftatc, fo^hU fccretaries of ftate, to be laid before his Majefty for his royal ap-Majefty’i ap- probation, cor red! ion or refufal ; and fuch procefs (hall be ufed, probation. and fuch rules and orders (hall be obferved, until the fame (hall be repealed or varied, and in the lad cafe, with fuch variation as (hall be made therein.

XXL And whereas the governor general and council or fome com• tniitee thereof \ or appointed therebyy do determine on appeals and references from the country or provincial courts in civil caufes; be it fur-The governor ther enabled, That the faid court (hall and lawfully may hold all general, Sec. fuch pleas and appeals, in the manner and with fuch powers as may deter- it hitherto hath held the fame, and (hall be deemed in law a peal* and P", court °f record ; and the judgements therein given (hall be final Stall be deem- and conclufive, except upon appeal to his Majefty, in civil fuits ed a court of only, the value of which (hall be five thoufand pounds and upwards.

XXII.	And it is hereby further enadted, That the court aforefaid (hall, and is hereby declared to be a court to hear and determine on all offences, abufes, and extortions, committed in the colledtion of revenue, or of feverities ufed beyond what (hall appear tQ the (aid court cuftomary or neceflary to the cafe, and to punifh the fame according to found diferetion, provided the faid punifhment does not extend to death, or maiming, or -perpetual imprifonment.

XXIII.	And it is hereby enacted. That the governor general and council (hall have power and authority, from time to

1 time, to frame regulations for the provincial courts and councils; and (hall, within fix months after the making the faid regulations, tranfmit, or caufe to be tranfmitted, copies of all the faid regulations to the court of diredtors, and to one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate; which regulations his Majefty in council may difallow or amend ; and the faid regulations, if not difallovved within two years, fhall be of force and authority to diredt the faid provincial courts, according to the tenor of the faid amendment, provided the fame do not produce any new expence to the fuitors in the faid court.

XXIV.	And whereas it is reasonable to render the provincial magi ftr at es, as well natives as Britifh fubje£ls% more fafe in the execution of their office; be it enadted, That no adtion for wrong or injury (hall lie in the fupreme court, againft any perfon whatsoever extreifing a judicial office in the country courts, for any judgement, decreet or order, of the faid courtT nor againft any perfon for any act done by or In virtue 0? the order of the faid court.

XXV- And

record;

and fhall determine on all offences committed in colledting.the revenue, See.

The (aid court may frame regula tions for the provincial courts, Pre-

judicial officers in the country courts not liable to actions for wrong, Sic. in the fupreme court for their decreet, kc.

Digitized by v^ooQle

17$i.] Anno vicefimo primo Gecrgii III. c. 70.	453

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe of an infor- No role, &c. mation intended to be brought or moved for againft any fuch 01 madc

~	.	r 17	o	X	J1	on intorma-

officer or magiftrate, tor any corrupt act or acts, no rule Or t;on againft other procefs (hall be made or iflued thereon until notice be any fuch of-given to the faid magiftrate or officer, or left at his ufual place ficer> until. of abode, in writing, figned by the party or his attorney, one £agPb[Cn°tlCe month, if the perfon exercifing fuch office (hall refide within g”eu uTbim. fifty miles of Calcutta* two months, if he (hall refide beyond 5 fifty miles, and three months if he fhall refide beyond one hundred miles from Calcutta, before the fuing out or fervrng the fame; in which notice the caufe of complaint (hall be fully and explicitly contained ; nor (hall any verdid be given againft fuch magiftrate, until it be proved on trial that fuch notice hath been given, and in default of fuch proof, a verdid with cofts (hall be given for the defendant.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That no magiftrate fhall No fuch ma-

be liable, in any fuch cafe, to any perlonal caption or arreft, gyrate liable nor (hall be obliged to put in bail, until he (hall have declined hcrftialiUn-to appear to anlwer after notice given as direded by this ad, hav/declined and fervice of the procefs directing his appearance by himfelf or to appear to his attorney.	aufwer, &c.

XXVII.	And whereas certain natives India reftding at Patna, by the names and defcriptkns of Mir Burcut Ulla, and Gullam Mucdum, men of the law* attendant on the provincial council of Patna, and a native of Hindoftan, called Behader Beg, are now* end have been for upwards of two years* imprifoned at Calcutta; in execution for damages recovered againft them in certain atiions in the faid fupreme court: and whereas* through ignorance or other mifap-prehenfion of the low, the time during which an appeal might have been prefented to bis Majejly in the privy council* hath expired * be

it therefore enaded, That the faid three perfons (hall be forth- Certain na-with difeharged from the faid imprifonment by the perfon or t,ve?» Pnfol>-perfons in whofe cuftody they now are, or (hall be, by virtue * # To be d* of the faid executions, on fccurity being given for the damages charged;’ recovered; which fecurity the governor general and council are on Security hereby required to caufe to be given on their behalf; and that being given it (hail be competent to appeal to his Majefty in council againft for damage* the aforefaid judgement, in like manner, and to the fame effed, vernor^cne-as if fuch appeal had been prefented within the time for that ra\ and coun-purpofe limited by the charter.	cil.

XXVIII.	And whereas* in the late dijfenfions between the governor general and the judges in Bengal, many things have been done not jujlifiable by the Jlrift rules of the law* it is hereby further enaded

and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the faid governor The governor general and council, and advocate general, are jointly and feve-rally, and all perfons ading under their orders, fo far as the for refitting fame relates to the refiftance to any procefs of the fupreme ^he execution court, from the firft day of January* one thoufand feven hun- of the order* dred and fevenry-nine, to the firft day of November* one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty, be, and are hereby indemni- pranac fied, difeharged, and faved harmlefs from any adion, fuit, or

Hb 2	piofc-

454

Anno yicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 71,7^.	[1781.

profecutlon whatfoevcr, for or on account of the. faid.dilbbe-dience and refinance to the execution of the orders of the laid court.

CAP. LXXI.

An a# fgi; vetting the parifh church of Saint Chriftopher le Stocks, in the city of London, and the materials and fite thereof, and the church-Vaid thereto adjoining, in the governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors for ever* and for uniting the faid pariih to the parifh of Saint Margaret Lothbury, in the faid city.

Preamble. Recital of 4 Geo. 3. cap. 49.	5 Geo. 3. cap. 91. 6 Geo. 3.

cap. 76. Parifh church of St. Chriftopher le Stocks and church-yard left-ed in the bank. Sheriffs of London to fummon a jury, to fettle and after-tain the value to be paid by the bank. Witneffes may be examined on oatfa. Verdi# of Jury, &c. to be final.	Purcbafe-money to be applied in d£

charge of debts contracted by the parifh. Remainder to be in veiled in purchafe of houfes See. or in government or real fecurity, in the names of bifhop of London, reCtor and church-wardens, The rents &c. to repair church of St.Margaret Lothbury and parfonage houfe thereto,and remainder as truttees (hall dire#. Parifh of St. Chriftopher's united to the pariih of St. Margaret Lothbury. Incumbent to enjoy all tithes, See. Suni-vor of the prefent incumbents to enjoy both livings. Not to affect the lord chancellor's right of prefentation. Power of removing bodies. Power of removing monuments, See. The parifhes to be kept diftin#. The patrons to have alternate prefentation. RcCtor of St. Chriftopher to allow the reCtor of St. Margaret for doing duty. Plate and goods belonging to St. Chriftopher's to be enjoyed by the church-wardens of St. Maieaitt Indemnity to the reftor for not reading the thirty-nine articles. Vaults to be made in the church-yard. The bank to purchafe a new burial ground. The parifh of St. Chriftopher to contribute to the repair cf St. Margaret's church, See. All donations, &c. to continue as heretofort. Service at St. Margaret's to be effectual. Recital of the provifo in the 5 Geo. 3. refpeCting the providing a parfonage houfe.' The faid provifo re-

Staled. Reciting, that doubts may arife concerning future tithes, &c.

ank to be charged with all tithes, taxes, See. in the fame proportion as the other parts of the parifh now pay. A rent of 30 s. a year to be paid to the rector in lieu of a paflage to bis vauiu General laving. Publick aft*

CAP. LXX1I.

An a# for the better maintaining and regulating of the poor within the town of Plymouth Dock, and parifh of Stoke Damarell, in the county of Devon \ and for paving,- cieanfing, and watching the ftreets, lanes, and paflage?, and removing and preventing encroachments, nuifaoce!, and annoyances, and regulating the drivers of coaches, chaifes, aod carts, and aifo chairmen, and porters, within the faid town.

Preamble. That the town of Plymouth Dock and parifh of Stoke Dama< rell much increaled. Commiflioners names. Meetings of the comroifSo-ers t Who are to defray their own expences, for appointing new com\ zniffioners. Qualification of commiflioners. Commiflioners to take an oath that he is in right of himfelf or wife pofTefTed of 301. per annum, real eftate, or of ftool- perfonaL Penalty on aCting not being Qualified. 50L No comraifiioner to a# while hcholds any place of profit under the aCt,or fhall be church-warden or overfeer. Commiflioners may a# as juftices. Proceedings of the commiflioners to be recorded. Commiflioners to ip- ! point officers, and altow them falaries. Commiflioners inquired to uke o	.	fcconty

455

i?8i.] Anno ricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 72.

feeurity from their treafiirer, tec. • Officers to account, arid pay the ba* lance. If balance be not paid, it may be levied by diftrefs. On failure of diftrefs, See. offender be to committed. The poor put under the care of the commiffioners, and tbe workhoufe, &c.vefted in them. Overfeers to pay the money to the coramiffioners. To be applied by order of feven of them towards maintenance and employment of the poor, and to defray charges of aft. Commiffioners authorized to makecontrafts for fupplying'the poor with necoffaries, altering or repairing the workhoufe. See. Commif-Itoners authorized to agree for indemnifying perfons againft the maintenance of baftard children ; for punching poor perfons for milbehaving, may order moderate correction or confinement, or by diftinftion of dref*, or abatement in diet. For punifhing perfons buying or receiving into pawiv any clothes, or other things, belonging to the poor, or to the work-boufe, to forfeit treble value. Perfons begging, to be taken into the workhoufe. Power to grant occafional relief 10 poor perfons ryot being in the wotkhoufe. Not to alter the laws relatingto the office of church-warden or overfeer. Property of the pavements, See. veited in the commiffion^ en. Com miffi oners may order the ftreets to be paved, clean fed, and watched. Power to get materials; making fatisfaftion for damages. Penalty cm obftrufting the works. Pavement not to be altered without the content Of Commiflioners. Coinmiffioners empowered to contraift for paving, deanfing, and lighting the ftreets. Surveyors to infpeft the works. Scavenger's duty to cleanfe ftreets once a week, tec. Inhabitants to fweep the pavement before their houfes. No perfon to carry away any foil except the fcavengers. Perfons at liberty to keep afhes, Sec, in their houfes or yards, but in cafe their neighbours are annoyed thereby: penalty of 5 s. Penalty not to extend to rubbifh occafioned by ereftingor repairing any buildings. Scavengers may lodge dirt in the ftreets with the commiffioners confent. Regulations touching the emptying of boghoufes. Signs, projections, and obftruftions, to be removed* For preventing nui-teuces and obftruftions in the ftreets; penalty 53. Penalty on perfons not removing nuifances occafioned by bogities, Scc. 5 s. Carriages not to be drawn with a larger number of horfes than are allowed by law on turnpike roads, and not to have the wheels lefs than fix inches wide. Names of the ftreets. See. to be fet up, and houfes to be numbered. Fronts of all new houfds to be made perpendicular. Half the ftatute duty of the parifh to be performed on the ftreets. Surveyors of the highways to give to the commiifioners lifts of the perfons liable to perform ftatute duty. > Penalty for negleft. Commiifioners may compound for ftatute duty. Power to appoint watchmen. Duty of the watchmen: to apprehend fufpicious perfons, tec. Regulation of Hackney chairmen, tec. Power to raife money by annuities towards paving, cleanfing, and watching. The annuities charged upon the ratte. Form of the grant of annuity.

THESE prefents witnefs, that we, thirteen of the commiifioners for putting m execution an aft of parliament made in the twenty-firft year of King George the Third, intituled, [here fet forth the title of the a£H by virtue of the powers and authorities by the faid aft given to and vened in the faid commiifioners, or any thirteen or more of them, and in confederation of the fum of	to	treafurer to

the faid commiffioners, in hand paid by	before the

fealing and delivery of thefe prefents, as appears by the faid treasurer's receipt indorfed hereon, do hereby grant and affign unto the faid

his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, one annuity or yearly min of	out	of the rates or affefimeots to be raifed and levied,

by the faid commiffioners by virtue of the faid aft; which faid annuity or {early fum of fhall be paid to the faid	his executors,

adraidiftrators, and affigns, at	upon	the

In every year for ever; and the firft payment thereof fhall be made upon tbe	next enfuing the date of theTe prefents* la Wltncfe

whereof, we have hereunto fet our hands and feals, the day of	in the year of our Lord

4	Hhj	No

45*>	Anno vicefimo primo Geokgii III. C-73-

No annuity to exceed five per cent. Annuities transferrable. Form of the transfer.

ID} transfer the within fecuriry, and all my right, title, and intereftin and to the fame, and the annuity payable thereon, unto

executors, adminiltrators, and afligns. Witnefc my hand and feal, this	day of

Power to recover the annuities by a&ion of debt againft the commitDoners, &c. Commifiioners authorized to lay aflefiinents for paying the annuities and other purpoies of this ad, except with refped to the poor. Churchwardens, See. to permit the commifiioners to infpeft the poor's rates'. Buildings not to be aflefled while unoccupied. Power to recover afiefT-ments by diltrefs, See, Houfes occupied by more than one tenant, to be paid by the landlord. In cafe tenants remove before payment of the af-feffments, the fame to be paid by fucceeding tenant, who may dedu& out of his rent. Lefiees under fir John Saint Aubynrto be deemed the owners of the houfes. Power for fir J St. Aubyn to redeem the annuities. Vacating fo much of all leafes as fubjedts the lefiees to repairing the ftreets. Money to be raifed by afieftments to be applied for paving, Sec. the ftreets. Expences of this ad to be paid out of the firft money railed Commiflion-ers may place money in the hands of atbanker, and to caufe their accounts to be Rated annually; but not to be perfonally anfwerable for contra£h,&c« This ad not to difeharge the commifiioners from payment of the rates. No adioti to be difeontinued on account of the death of the treafurer. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diftrefs, &c. and applied to carrying this ad: into execution. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefiions. Saving of manerial rights. Perfons diftraining not to be deemed trelpaflers on account of defed in proceedings. Sec. ' No plaintiff to recover after tender of amends. Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form. Writings not to be fubjed to ftamp-duty. Limitation of actions to 6 calendar months. General iflue. Treble cofts. Pubiid ad.

C A P. LXXIIL

An ad for diminifhing the fees payable, and altering the mode of proceeding, in the court of record within the manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the county of Middlefex, the hamlets and liberties of the fame.

Preamble. Recital of letters patent, dated May s, in 19 Car. a. Steward to ifiue a fummons for debts between 40 s. and 5I. Form of plaint.

A. B. complains againft C. D. That he [orfhe] is indebted to the plaintiff in	fbr	goods	fold	and	delivered,

[or as the cafe may be ]

Defendant to enter appearance. Form of plea, Sec.

C. D. appears and confefles [or denies] the debt [as the cafe maybe] mentioned in the plaint ot the faid A. B. ,

On plea or default, fteward to fummon a jury. Mode of trial by jury and oaths of wnnefles : to hear the plaintiff or defendant themfelves. Execution may he ifliied againft perfon or goods. Debt may be paid by inltal-menta. Defendant may appear and confefs his debt. For fumraoniog jury, them who do not attend to forfeit »os. to London hofpital. Three days notice to be given to perfons fummoned to ferve on the jury, kc, Commifiioners of theTower Hamlets court of requefts,exempted from fisrv-ing on juries in this court. Wirneffis may be fummoned: penalty of so*, on-di (obeying the fame. Verdifts of the court to be final. For contempt 01 dilturbance of court, penalty sos. Lift of fees.

For

Digitized by

457

17&J.J .Anno vicefuno primo Georgii III. g. 73.

For PLAINTIFF.

For entering every plaint, one (hilling:

For fummons and fervice, two (hillings and fixpeoce:

For fummoning the jury, one (hilling:

For entering and trial of the caufe, tour (hillings s To the jury for every caufe, two (hillings:

For every order and entering, one (hilling t For fubpoena and fervice, one (hilling and Gxpences 1 For execution and fervice, one (hilling.

For DE FEN DAN T.

For entering appearance, (ixpencex * For plea, fix pence 1

To the jury for every caufe, two (hillings s For every order and entering, one (hilling:

For fubpeena and fervice, one (hilling and Gxpence ;

For execution and fervice, one Grilling.

r	On confefiing the debt.

For confeffion, one (hilling:

For luminous and fervice, two (hillings and Gxpencet For order and entering, one (hilling s For execution and fervice, one (hilling.

The fees (hall be divided into three parts, between the Reward, the patentee and the four attornies, viz. Richard Cartwright, John Bexwell, Major Wright, and Robert Wright. Lilt of fees to be publickly hung up* Steward John Mors Ellis to be fworn. The oath.

I A. B. do fwear. That I will well and trtdy behave and demean njyfelf in the office of Reward of the King's roajefty’s court of record within the manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the county of Middlefex, the hamlets and liberties of the fame j and I will well and rightly, juftly and faithfully, execute the faid office of Reward of the faid court, and will adminifter and do full and fpeedy jultice to the King's people in the fame court, according to my belt diferetion, knowledge, undemanding, and judgement| and I will perform and obferve all other things which do anyways belong or appertain to the office of Reward of the laid court, according to my belt diferetion, knowledge, underRanding, and judgement. And I do further fwear, That 1 will not by myfelf, or knowingly t>y any deputies, clerks, or fervants under me, or by any other perfon or perfons, receive or take, or caufe, permit, or fuffer to be received or taken, any greater or other fees in my (aid office of Reward, than fuch as are directed to be taken in and by an aft, made in the twenty-GrR year of the reigh of his majeRy King George the Third, intituled, An aft for diminifhing the fees pay a* ble, and altering the mode of proceeding, in the court of record within the manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the county of Middlefex, the hamlets and liberties of the fame.

Steward may appoint a deputy. Deputy to be fworn. Protbonotary Richard Farmer. Steward may be removed for milbehaviour. Punifii-ment of perfons guilty of perjury, fame as others for the like offence. No aftion to be brought for any thing done under this aft without notice, &c. If tender be made of (ufficient amends, jury to Gnd for defendant. No aftions but for debt, and on AflumpGt, (haU be recoverable under thia aft. Expences of this aft to be paid out of the Grit money ariGng by fees. Publick aft.

H h 4	CAP.

Digitized by (^.ooQle

45?> Anno vicefimo primo Gcokgii III. c. 74.	[1781,:

CAP. LXXIV.

An ad for crewing a new gaol, and for removing certain gateway!, in the city of Qloucetter; and for amending the feveral ads pafled forlhe maintenance and fupport of the poor of the faid city, and ligbtingt paving, and regulating the ftr$ets there.

Preamble. That the prefent gaol being in one of the principal ftieets is

inconvenient and in decay. Commiflioners, the mayor of Gloucefler, 19 of the aldermen and common council, and *0 other persons. To be chofen out of the feveral parches and college precinct by a majority of the inhabitants, in certain proportions. Perlons to be commiflioners for life, except as /ifter. Commiflioners to be refident, and to have in right of himieif or wife 10 1. per ann. freehold, or leafe of 151, per ann. or renting a hou e of 201. per ann. and fo rated to the poor. Penalty on acting not being qualified 501, to be recovered by adi. n of debt, on proof of hating ade<J. New commiflioners to be chofen by inhabitants. Victuallers not to be commiflioners. Meetings of commiflioners, 5thTuefday after paling the ad, and may adjourn for 14. days on notice, &c« Hours of bufinefs betwten 10 in the forenoon and 4 in the afternoon. A chairman to be appointed} who fliall have the calling vote. All proceedings ofcoramif-fioners to be at meetings, &c. Commiflipuers not to hold places of profit, &c. but being juftices may ad as fuch, and may appoint officers, and allow them falanes. Officers to account^ if they refuie to account and pay the balance, they may be taken before a juftice. Balance may be levied by diitrels. On failure of diftrefs, dec. the officer may be committed tillaccounts are fettled Power to treat for preiniles mentioned in the 'fchedule to the ad. Jnc^p^citaipd perlons irapowered to treat. In cafe parties do not agree, value of premiles to be ascertained by a jury. Jury to be fuinmoned, and may be^challenged. Witneflrs may be examined on o^tb. Judgement of commdfcojiers to be finsj. Coromiflloiters may fine flic;ills, &c making default. Expences of the jury, &c. if verdid fpr more v	tbap	offered,	to	be defrayed by the commiflioners,'if for lefs by the party.

On payment of purcbaie money, premifes to be conveyed to the commif-lioners. Ipcafe of defedive title, &c. purchafe money to be lodged in the h^qds ;of Re treasurer. . Mortgagees t.o convey in 6 months after notice ob payment. Occupiers at rack rent, of any premifes purch^fed by <^j)>miffipners, to give up poffdljon thereof after 6 months notice. Com* ipiffiopcrs to Build a new gaol. ‘ Sheriffs to have the keeping thereof, and tp repove ptifoners thijther. Until a new. gaol bp built, IbenfFs to remove jjrUpntrs Irom the old gaoj to Re gaol f°* Jbe coupty of Gloucefler. The gap* ffiall be (axed a$ in 1780. Comniiflioriers impowered to raife 3.4 po I. for Re afore/ald purpofcs; and toaicertain the funis to be paid by t$e refpedive pariffies, Scc. 'Tne powers relating' to the new gaol not to' intend beyond the limits pf Re city of Gloucefler. Entries to be made - in books py bills and accounts. Corporation not to be exempted from ufq’al]§tc. Ad 4 Gep. 3. c. recifed. Places not in the county of tjE^city, which have bpep uflndly rated to the pyor within th? pity, to he iubjed to the jurifdidion of city jultices and guardians of the popr. The premifes neverthelefs to continue to be part of the county of Gloucefler. JWtipe$ tp gd^ to Re ceo^ip^tea pf money wanted for the poor# mpo$y luffic^qt to make gpjo*) Re county flock, pertyn* aggrieved by the rate*, ipay appeal to twojnflices} who (hall determine the fame. Juftices to continue the hearing of appeals from day to day until determined. If rates generally deftdive, jultices may qualh them, and order others to hi ipade. No Certiorari to be allowed nil rates paid. Perfons payineta the rates within the cify gpod witnefles. Perfops fummoned as wtpelfy, not attending, to forfeit 5I. The poor’s rates (hall be publiflied in feveral churches named in the a6t. Settlements of ballards to follow that of the mothers, if known. In cafe workhoufe or houfe of corredion (hall be (hut up, lunaticks or ideots to be returned to the places whence they were re-<*iv$d.-C'ounty flock to be fettled ip junonth after Eafler yearly. Work-

.......i	houfe

Digitized by v^»ooQle

1781 i] '	Anno yi#flnjo pritno Geoitch MI. 0.75. ••

boijfe accounts fo be fettled a 3 April yearly. Perfons chofen guardians, re-* fuGog to aft to forfeit, governor 10 1, deputy governor 7I. ios, aififtant or guardian 5I, Guardians not compellable to ferve a fecond time within tour years, or aiter 60 years of age. Penalty of 5 s. on guardians not amending, or departing without leave. Lamps may be ordered to be lighted in dark nights, and omitted in moon light nights, between §9 Sept, and *5 Mar. College precinft and garden grounds for fale of produce not to be taxed. Juftices toafeertain arrears of rates. Recital of part of the paving aft 17 Geo.,3- c. 68. Juitices to afcertain the proportions of arrears of the expences of obtaining $he laid aft, and to order a rate. Ovcrieers refuting to make the rate, tp forfeit as much as ordered £0 be raided. The property of the foil \a the. it recti, not taken away by the inhabitants, to belong to tbt parifo to be taken away by the fcavenger, Ac.. Obliging furneyorsto account. , Penalty on flaughtcring cattle, &c. in the four principal dreets, &c. so9. for the firtt offence, nos. for the fecond, and 5I. for the third, ope moiety to thj informer. Cattle not to be exposed ta fale iu either of the four principal ftreets, &c. on penalty of 10 s. half to the informer. The furueyors to give notice to inhabitants to fet up ^outs to bring the water down the (ides of the building* fa cafe of negkft, the furveyors to do it.pt their pppence. For building party walli, on penalty of 5I. Letting dogs go unatuzgfed, penalty 5 s. Mayor enabled to order dogs tp be (hut up. Expences of paving before bourns void, to be recovered of the next tenant. Not to alter agreement* between landlord and tenant. Scavengers to take away the a#»es, &c, from houfes. Penalty on negfeft sop. and not left than 5 $. Appointment of furveyora as by former aft. Expences of this aft to be paid out of vagrant money. or poor's rate in two years. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feflions, giving % 1 days notice. If the corporation of Gloucefter are in-% teretted in the appeal, it (hall be to the county feflions. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by didrefs and applied to the ufe of the poor in the workboufe. Juitices to proceed for conviction of offenders in this form.

BE it remembered, That on the	in	the	year"

A. B. is convifted before me, for us, C. D. E. F.J of his Majefty’s juitices of the peace tor the city of Glou-ctfterj [fpecifying the offence, and time and place when and where the fame was committed, as the cafe (hall be]

Given uqd*r my [or, our] hand and fcal, [or, hands and feals], the day and year fod above written.

Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form, nor the party deftraining a tref-pafler ab initio. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender of amends. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Mifnomers, or wrong deferip-tion of premifes, not to prevent the execution of this a6t. Writings to be. witjiout (lamps. Limitation of aftions, not before si days notice, nor after 6 month*. General iffue. Treble cods. Public aft. Aft not to extend to purcbaGng Northgate, City Priion. Lower Northgate or Southgate.

CAP. LXXV.

An aft for appointing new commifJidrteris for continuing to carry inta execution the trulls and powers of ait aft pafled in the fourth and fifth • years of the reign of her late majeity Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for making the river Stower navigable,' from the town of Maningtree, ill' the county of Eflex, to the town of Sudbury, in the county of Suffolk, in the room and place of thofe named in the faid aft who are (ince dead ^ and for explaining and amending the faid aftj and for other purpofea therein mentioned.

Preamble. Recital of an aft 4 Aitn.c. 15. Oommifiioner* namee. Pive com** mifitonert may aft. General meetings of com miffi oners lift Monday in StPt. 1781! and lad Moaday i* ftp*, ycarift and ta defray tfaecr owfe ex-*

peace*.

Digitized by

Anno vicefimo primo GeoRGii III. c. 76. [tyli.

pencet. New coramiflioners to be appointed by (even or more commit* Sorters at a yearly meeting. Land for towingpatht to be fet oat. If par-tie* cannot agree, a jury to be furamoned. Fortner rents to landoatiers not to be diminilhed. Undertakers to make towingpaths. Not to affed owners right of foil. Proprietors to maintain bridges, gates, &c. and keep the bed of the river deepened and cleanfed; and the locks, &c. in repair. In default of their fo doing, commiflioners to order the fame to be done. Owners of boats, See. to paint their names and numbers thereon, and regiiter the fame, on penalty of 5I. Stones or pofts to be fet up to mark the height of the water. Oue lock of water only for one gang of barg^. Powers for the commiflioners to make byelaws. Fines and pe-nalties to be recovered by diflrefe and (ale. Entries to be infpe&ed, and copies granted. Perfons employed in towing veffels, for trefpaflet to make good the damages, and forfeit 50 s. to be levied by diftrefs. Land-owners or tenants not to feize horfes for trefpaiTes. Perfons injuring the navigation to forfeit sol. one moiety to the informer, and the other to the miller, owner or occupier of land, or to the treafurer, to make good the damages. Offender may be committed to the houfe of corredkm for three calendar months. Millers and others obftru&ing the navigation to forfeit aol. to be recovered as other penalties, and a moiety to the informer and the other to the treafurer for the ufe of the proprietors. Millers to make fatisfadion for damages. Bareertien embezzling goods, &c. to forfeit 51, to be levied by diftrefe, and in default thereof, the offender to be committed to the houfe of correction in Suffolk or Edex for three calendar months, Former aft to remain in force. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefHons. Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form. Limitation pf adions, in fix calendar months. General iffue. Treble cotts. Expence s of this ad to be paid by the proprietors. Publick ad.

.	C A P. LXXVI.

An a£l for building a new church and redory houfe within the parilb of } Efcrick, in the county of York; and for confirming an agreement with ' the redor of the faid parifh, for exchanging and exonerating from tithes certain lands and tenements in Efcrick aforefaid.

Preamble. That Beilby Thomp(bn,Efq; is lord of the manor and pitroa of thoparifh church of Efcrick, and ieized ia fee of all the open fields there. The glebe lands and parfonage veiled in Mr. Thompfon ; and alb the prefent church, chancel, and churchyard. The tithes of Mr. Thompson's lands in the townfiiip of Efcrick extinguifhed. Redor to be indtied to the tithes to the time of palling the ad. Annual rent, equal to the value of 353 bulhels of wheat, payable to the redor, in part fatisfadion for the glebe and tithes. Juft ices or aflize to afeertain the price of wheat at the end of every twenty-one years, if applied to for that purpofe. Rent charge, if unpaid for a8 days, to be recovered by diltrefs? if unpaid for 60 days, by entry, and receipt of profits. Grounds veiled in the redor in further fatisfadion for his glebe and tithes, particularly mentioned, containing 85 acres, 1 rood, and 19 perches. Mr. Thompfon impowered to take to his own ufe all trees of the girth of 30 inches within two yean. Mr. Thompfon to indofe land for the new redory houfe, and to take down the prefent redory houfe? and to build a new redory houfe, and outbuildings thereto in 3 years j and alfo to take down the prefent church. The bells to be removed to the new church. Mr. Thompfon to ered a new church in the faid 3 years; and may make a vault or busying place under the church, for his own family and friends ? and have the ftrft choice pf pews. The new church to be deemed the parilh church. The redor to have fame eftete in the new church as in the old t and Mr. Thompfen, as patron, to have the fame right of prefentation as he now hath. The new parfonage houfe and chancel to be kept in repair by the redor; and the body of the .church by the occupiers of lands and tenements in the parilh. Saving furplice feet and mortuaries to the redor, Redor’s lands pot to be afteffed to church rates. General taring* .

CAP,

Digitized by Google

17? i;]	Anno vicefimo primb Georg n III. C.77-ST.	4$*

CAP. LXXVn.

An aft for continuing the term» and altering and enlarging the ' power j, of two afts of the ninth and twenty-eighth yean of hit late majejly King George the Second, for amending and keeping in repair fuch part of the roads defer ibed in the lajl-mentioned aft at leads from the end of Culham Bridget*/ to Culham, in the county of Oxford, to the end of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the county of Berks $ and from The Mayor’s Scone at the end of Boat Street, in the town of Abingdon aforefaid, to Shippon, in the faid county of Berks, and from thence to the wejl end of the town ofFy field, in the fame county.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made tin, thefirji year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, for amending and widening the road leading frojn the town of Falmouth, m the county of Cornwall, through the towns of Penryn, Helftone, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion river and bridge, and two hundred feet to the weftward’ of the faid , river and bridge.

CAP. LXXIX.

An aft for repairing and widening the road leading from the port of Borrowftownnefsty the weft of the borough of Linlinthgow, end

•	by the towns */Torphichen, Bathgate, and Whiteburn, and from thence fouthward to the confines of the county ^ Linlithgow*

•	at or near Hollhoufeburn,

CAP. LXXX.

An aft for more effeftually repairing the road leading from the < town of Denbigh to the town of Saint Afaph, and from thence to ' the town and port of Ruthland, in the counties 0/* Denbigh and ' Flint $ and for repealing an aft, made in the thirty fecond year of his late majejly King George the Second, fo far as the Jame relates to the faid road. ‘

CAP. LXXXI.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the • thirty-third year of the riign of his late majejly King George the - Second, intituled, An alt for repairing and widening the road from the turpike road near the weft end of the town of Chejfter-field to Matlock Bridge, and alfo the road leading out ot the faid road, over Darley Bridge, to Crofs Green\ and alfo the road leading out of the laft-mentioned road to the turnpike road near Rowefly Bridge, in the county of Derby.

Digitized by Google

.Anno vicefirtO primo Geougii HI. c. 82-^W.

CAP. LXXXII.

A# aft for-repairing and widening the road from Wilmflow Bridge, in Wilmflow, in the county of\Chefter, through Nether Alderlcy and the town of Corigleton, to or near the Red Ball in Chuxth Lawton, in the jaid county.

CAP. LXXXII I.

An aft for repairings widening, and altering the road from the pn-font turnpike road upon Greenhifl Moor, near Norton, in the county of Derby, to Hatherfage, in the fame county, through tie feveral parijhes of Norton, Dr&nfield, and Hatherfage, in lit ' faid county of Derby; -and alfo the road from the road leading from Chefterfield to Hemftone Lane Head, near Stoney Mid-dleton, to Totley, through the feveral parijhes of Bakewell, Hope, Hatherfage, and Dronfield, all in the Jaii county if Derby.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An aft for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powtn of an afts mode in the thirty fecond year of the reign of his ku majejly King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Modbury, through the town of Plymton, to the north end of Lincotta Lane, m the county of Devon.

C A P. LXXXW

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft9 paffed in tit

m fecond .year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An t& for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Leicejler and War* wicky and in the county of the city of Coventry.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An aft for continuing and amending an aft9 made in the thirty-third year of his late majejly King George the Seconds for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading to the borrough of Laumejtony in the county of Cornwall.	^

CAP. LXXXVII.

A* alt for repairing and widening the road from a certain gate ok the turpike toady at or near the fouth end of the town of Weftort on the Green, in the county of Oxford, to the turnpike road Oft Kid-lington Green, in thefaid county.

CAP. LXXXVIIL

An a ft for continuing the term cf art aft\ made in the twenty feveati

1*

Digitized by Google

1781.] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. c. 89—93.

year of the reign of bis late Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, through Alcejler, in the faid county, and Feckenbam, to a place called Bradly Brook, in the county of Worcefler; and from Alee fiery through Great Coughton and Crjir Crofs, in the (aid county of Warwick; and through Hewell Lane and Bur cot ty to the Crofs of Hands y on a Com* mon called The Letkbay; and out of Hewell Lane, through Cburcb Lane and Tutnelly to Bromfgrove, in the (aid county of Worcefter.

An aB to enlarge the term and powers of an aBy pajfed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second\ ibr amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the high roads from the borough of Tamworth to A/bby-de~la-zoucb in the county of Leicefttr^ and from Sawley Ferry in the faid county to a.turnpike gate at or near the end of Swarcliff~laney leading to, and in the paHfh of, AJbby-de*la-zoucb aforefaid. *

An aB to enlarge the term and powers of an aB made in the firft year ' of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the eaftem end of the borough of Grampound in the county of Cornwall, through the towns of Saint Aufiell and Loftwithiely and from thence to the eaft end of the Weftern Tapbouje-lane in the faid county.

An aB for enlarging the term and powers offo much of an aBy made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, as relates to repairing and widening the roads from Deanburn-bridgey through Greenlaw, and part of the Jedburgh road by Lauder, in the (hire of Berwick, to Corn-hilly in the county of Durham.

An aB for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of . an aBy made in the thirty-third year of Hs late Majefty, fpr amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feverat roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Derby, Leiceftery and Warwick \ and for amending and keeping in repair the road branching from part of the faid roadsy between Meafham in the faid county of Derby, and Burton-upon-Trent, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road at or near The Bull's Head &lc-houfc, in Twycrofs, in the faid county o/Leicefter.

.463

CAP. LXXXlX.

C A P. XC.

CAP. XCL

CAP. XCII.

CAP. XCII I.

JU <3ft	for xontinuingtbtterm% and fluting, and- tnlarging thrpow-

trs.

Digitized by

Anno vtc^firoo primo Georgii c. 94—-98.	[ 178r.

crt^ of fo trmh of an aft, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prcfent Majefty, tor amending and widening the road from the Market-houie in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley* and from P-ydmoft \o-Holly Hall, and from CiOty Gate to Halefow-en, and from turnpike road on Dudley Wood to Rednol Gre^ri, in the parKh' of King’s Norton, and from Carter's Lane to the *5/// Itin. at \NdrthjfetiI, in the counties of Wortefltr, Stafford, and Salop* as* related tojhe road from Dudley Wood to \ Rednal, Green, and from .Cartels Lane to the Beil Inn at Northfield.	*

CAP. XC1V.

An aft for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an aft, made in the twenty -feyenth year of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the high road from Wejlwood Gate, in the parim of Knotting, in the county of Bedford, through the towns of Rufhden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artie borough Bridge, to the turnpike road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the parilh of Barton Seagrave, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. XCV.

An aft for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the pouters offo much of an aft, made in the twenty-eighth year oftbe reign of his late majejiy King George the Second> for repairing and widening certain roads therein dejeribed, as relate to the road,s from Otley to Skipton, in the county of York; from Skipton to Colne, in the county ^Lancafter \ and from SkiptQo to Clith-eroe, in the faid county.

C A P. XCVI.

* An aft for continuing and amending an aft, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majejiy, for amending and widening the roads from the weft end of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the county of Tori, to a place called Blue Belly near Colne, in the county of Lancafler; and from a place called The Two Laws* to Kighley, in the faid county of •York.

CAP. XCVIL

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of two afis, paffed in the

'	ninth and twenty-eighth years of the reign of his late majejiy King

George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads there-in defer ibed, fo far as the fame relate to the road from Henley Bridge in the county of Oxford, to Dorchefter Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a place called Milc-ftonc, in the road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the faid county,

CAP. XCVIII.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, paffed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majejiy King George the Second*

for

Digitized by v^ooQle

178 t-J] Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. C.99H-103..

for repairing fever al roadsyfo far as relates to the road from Leeds to Otlcy in the weft riding of the county of Tori.

CAP. XCIX.

An a6l for continuing the term of an afty made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majeftyy fax repairing, widening, and mending, tjie road from Cocking Endy neat Additogbam, in the weft riding of the county of Torky through Kildwici, to Black Lane End, in the county palatine of Lantafter.

CAP. C.

An c5t for more effectually repairing the road leading from the ft ones end in Kent Street, in theparijh of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other roads therein mentioned> in the counties of Kent and Surry; and for other purpofes'.

* : v ' C A P. CL <

An aCt to enlarge the term and powers of two ads, paffed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his prefent Majefty, for amending and • widening the road from Beffelfleigh, through Wantage, ‘to Hun-gerford, in the county of Berks; and from Wantage to Marl-borough in the county 0/Wilts; and from the turnpike road be-tween Reading^ Wallingford, throug h Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red Houfe upon Wantage Downs; and from thence to Lambourn, in the faid county of Berks ; and for amending the road /AhwjAPidgeon Lane itftead of the faid rpddthfbugb Halfpenny Lane. 1

C A P. ClI. i ; V;\

An aft to continue the termr and alter and enlarge the powers, of Jo much of an alt made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King Geecge the Second, intituled, An adt for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Leeds9 in the weft riding of the county of Torky through Otlcy, Skiptony Colney Burnlcyy and Blackburn, to Burfcough Bridge in Walton, in the county of Lancafler, and from Skiptony through Gifburn and Clitheroey to Preftony in the county of Lancaftery as relates to the roads from Colne to Blackburn, and from Blackburn to Burfcough Bridge.

,	CAP.	CHI.

•	*	*■ ft # /

An aB for enabling the truftees for executing two ads, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Kettcringy in the county of Northampton to Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucksy to take down the turnpike ereded in Sherrington Field, in the faid county of Bucks, and to remove the fame to the north end of Sherrington Bridge, in the faid county.

Digitized by

466 Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III. C. 104—106. [1781/

CAP. CIV.

An at7 for more tff(dually amwidening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the taji end of the town of Chard to the end {/'Weft Moor, and from the weft end ofthe Yeovil turnpike road, through Ilmifter, to Kenny Gate, and from the weft end of ' Peafe Marlh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to Ilmifter, and from White Crois, to Chillington Down, and from a plate called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Crofs, in the county of Sormcrfet.

CAP. CV.

An ad for continuing the term ofan a£l made in the tbirty-fecondyear of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Second, intituled.

An ad for amending and widening the roads leading from StretfordsBridge in the county of Hereford, to the New Im in the parifh of Winfiantow in the county of Salop; and alfo the road from Blue-mantle Hall near Mortimers Crofs, to Aym-Jlrey in the laid county of Hereford', and for repealing fo much of an ad made in the twenty-iecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the road from Mortimers Crofs to Aymftrey Bridge.

C A P. CVI.

An ad for more tff (dually repairing the road from The Dun Cow, in the town of Dunchurch, the town of Hillmorton, in the county ^Warwick; and from thence to Saint James’s End, in the parifh s/'Dufton, in the county ^/Northampton; and for repealing the ftveral laws now in force relating to the	roads

INDEX.

Digitized by LjOoq le

INDEX

T O T H E

Statutes at £arge,

From the Fourth to the Twenty-firft Year of the Reign of King GEORGE III. inclufive.



Digitized by Google

Digitized by L . )Qie

A

CONTINUATION OF THE INDEX

T O T H E

Statutes at Harge,

By DANBY PICKERING, Efq;

Law-Reader to the Honourable Society of Gray’s Inn.

FROMTHE	*

•ourth Year of the Reign of King GEORGE III.

T o T H E

Twenty-firft Year of the fame Reign inclusive. •

CAMBRIDGE, rinted by J OHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY;

For CHARLES BATHURST, at the Crofs-Keys, oppofite St.Dunftan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1782.

CUM PRIFILEGIO„

Digitized by Google

A

CONTINUATION of the INDEX

TO

Mr. PICKERING’S STATUTES,

From the Fourth Year of the Reign of King GEORGE III. to the Twenty-firft Year of the fame Reign indufivej

BEING

To the End of the Firft Sdfion of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain, in the Year 1781.

Aberyftwylh.

I^EE Harbours.

Accountant General in Chancery.

Salary for his third clerk out of the intereft of the Amors’ money, 120/. per am. 4 Geo. 3. c. 32. vol.

26.

See Chancery.

Accounts Publicks

For appointing and enabling com-miflioners to examine, Hate, and Vol. XXXIII.

take the public accounts of the kingdom, and to report what balances are in the hands of the accountants, which may be applied to the publick fervice; and what defers there are in the prefent mode of receiving, collecting, hiding, and accounting for the publick money ’; and fin what more expeditious manner the faid fervices can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the publick; to continue one year from the 5th of July, 1780, and no longer. 20 Geo. 3. c. 54. vol. 33.— Continued and amended by x Geo. 3. t.

45.	vol.33.

I i	Acburchf

Digitized by

Ante

468	Acb

Achurch, in Northamptonfhin. See Churches•

African Company and Trade.

Adi 4 Gw. 3. r. 20. (except the company’s power to dedudt 400/* per ann. out of the monies received) repealed. The coaft of Africa, from Sallee to Cape Rougey veiled in the crown, and the trade laid open to all fubjeds. 5 Geo. 3. c. 44. vol. 26.

The King may grant to Geo. Glas and his partners, foie power to trade for 21 years to Port Regeala or Gue-der, in South Bar bary, fubjed to a competition by parliament, fame § 7*

Alehoufes.

Selling ale without a licence, the firft offence 40*. and cods, or one month’s imprifonment; the fecond offence, 4 L or two month’s imprifonment; and the third offence, 61. or three month’s imprifonment. 5 Geo. 3. c. 46. § 22. vol. 26.

Notwithstanding the above ad, all powers granted by any ad fince 8 Geo. 2. as to felling fpirituous liquors without licence (except 100/. penalty by 9 Geo. 2. c. 23. fee Brandy) may be exercifed; but tranfporting and whipping to ceafe. 9 Geo. 3. c. 6. ttf/. 28.

Ad 7 & 8	3.	c.	19.	§	3.	as	to

ufing plate in alehoufes, repealed, and all profecutions difeharged. 9 Gw. 3. c. 11. vs/. 28.

Alehoufe-keepers in the hundred of Godley in St/rry, indemnified for felling ale without proper licences. 14 Geo. 3. r. 60. w/. 30.

America.

Mutiny ad extended to the King’s dominions there. 5 Geo. 3. c. 33. 6 Geo, 3. c. 18. 7 Gw. 3. c. 35. 5 Gw. 3. c. 19. 9 Gw. 3. r. 18. 10 Gw. 3.

r.15. 11 Gw. 3. c. 4. 12 Gw. 3. c. 12. 13 Gw. 3. f. 24- 14 Geo. 3. r. 6. ij Gw. 3. c. 15. and 16 Gw. 3. r. 11.

Stamps and other duties in Britijh America granted to defray the ex* pences of defending the fame. 5 Gee. 3. c. 12. vol. 26. — Repealed by 6 G«. 3. c. 11. vol. 27.

Bounties on the importation of deals, planks, boards, and timber from North America. 5 Gw. 3. c. 45. § 1. to 10.

Britijh American iron and lumber may be imported to Ireland, and lumber to the Madeiras and Azores^ or any part of Europe, foutli of Cape Finijlerre, upon giving bond, and ad 23 Gw. 2. c. 29. repealed, fame § 23. tw/. 26.

Ships from Britijh American plantations to give bond, as to mobiles and fyrups, according to 4 Geo. 3. t.

15.	(fee Plantations in the former index) whether the goods were laden there or not. fame a5iy § 24.

Boats, under 20 tons, may carry goods the produce of America, and not liable to duties, from one colony to another without a cocket fame afl9 § 25.

Fees of officers of the cufloms in America afeertained and regulated. fame aft, § 27. See Coffee^ Sugar, Iron, Rice, &c.

Corn and grain (except rice) may be imported from America duty free. 6 Gw. 3. c. 3. vol. 27.

For fecuring the dependence of Britijh America, the colonies are declared to be fubjedt to the legiflative authority of Great Britain in all cafes. fame year, c. 12. vol. 1).

Cufloms

Digitized by

Ame

Cuftoms and duties in Amtrua put under commiflioners refident there. 7 Geo. 3. c. 41. voi 27.

Duties granted on glafs, redlead, white lead, painters’ colours, teas and paper imported in America from Great Britain. fame year, c. 46. vol.

27.

Repealed as to the duties on glafs, red lead, white lead, painters* colours, paper, pafte-board, millboards, and fcale-boards, the, produce of Great Britain, imported to America, and alfo as to the difallow-ance of a drawback on china exported to America. 10 Geo. 3. c. 18. vol. 28. ~ And as to teas. 18 Geo. 3. c. 12. § 2. vol. 32. — No drawback on china, unlefs packed in the prefence of a cuftom-houfe officer, 10 Geo. 3. c. 18. § 3-

Governor and council of New Tort prohibited to pafs any adt of aflem-bly, or the houfe of reprefentatives any vote (except for adjournment) till provifion is made for furnifhing the King’s troops with provifions, according to adts 5 Geo. 3. c. 33. 6 Geo. 3. c. 18. and 7 Geo. 3. c. 55. — 7 Geo. 3. c. 59. vol. 27..

Salted provifions may be imported from the Briti/b colonies in, America duty free, till the ift of Majy 1769., 8 Geo. 3. c. 9. § 3. voL

28.	— Continued by 14 Geo. 3. c. 9. vol. 30.

Court of vice admiralty inftituted in America for the recovery of penalties and forfeitures, as to trade or revenues there. 8 Geo. 3. c. 22. vol. 28.

The general aflembly of New Tort allowed to pafs an adt for ifliiing 120,000/. currency, in bills of credit to be legal tenders at loan offices and treafury there, for 14 years. 10 Geo. 3. e. 35. vol. 28.

Adt 21 Geo. 2. c. 30. relating to indico from America, continued, and

Ame 471

the officers of the cuftoms and naval officers ill the colonies, may for two years take the fees paid befpre 29 Sept. 1764, — and 5 Geo.$. c. 45. extended thereto. 10 Geo. 3. e. 37. vol. 28. — Continued by 14 Geo. 3. c. 86. * vol. 30. 17 Geo. 3. c. 44. vol. 31. 19 Geo. 3. c. 22. vol. 32.

Bounties to the importers of white oak (laves and heading from America to London, Southampton, Poole, Exeter, Plymouth, Briflol, Liverpool, Whitehaven, and Tar mouth. 11 GV0.

3. r. 50. w/. 29.

Certificates, notes, &c. accepted by the creditor? of the publick in America, as fecurities, to be legal tenders for debts due to the publick treafuries there, but not to alter adt 24 Geo. 2. c. 53. — 13 Geo. 3. c. 57. vol. 30.

For difeontinuing landing and (hipping in the harbour of Bofton. The harbour declared to extend from Nahant point eaft to Alderton point weft. The admiral may feize (hips hovering, and not departing on fix hours notice: but not to extend to military (lores, or fuel for the inhabitants. The King not to allow the port of Bojlon or appoint officers, till fatisfadlion is made to tjie Eafi India company. 14 Geo. 3. c. 19, vol. 30.

For providing quarters for officers and foldiers in America. 14 Geo. 3. r,

54.	vol. 30.

To reftrain the trade of Maffa-chufet's bay. New Hampfhire, Connecticut, Rhode ifland, and Providence plantation, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britijh IVeJl India iflands; and to prohibit the faid provinces from fifhing on the banks of Newfoundland. 15 Geo. 3. c. 10. vol. 31.

To reftrain the trade of New Jer-fey, Penfylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, in like manner*

15	Geo. 3. c. 18. vol. 31.

1 i 2	All

A

Digitized by

47°	^ime

All trade with New Hamp/bire, Maffachufet's bay, Rhode ifland, Con-netfuuty three lower counties on the Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Afor/A Carolina, Sai/r/? Carolina, and Georgia, prohibited during the prcfent rebellion. A6b 14 G**. 3. r. 10. and 15 Gw. 3. r. 10. & 18. repealed: but the King may grant pardons, &c. 16 Geo. 3. r. 5.	31.

The admiralty may grant com-miffions to privateers, to take all (hips belonging to the above colonies, and all (lup^ of Great Britain or Ireland, trading thither, taken to belong to the captors, &c. A bounty of 5 /. for every man taken on board any American prize. 17 Gf*. 3. r. 7. W. 31.

T he King may detain any per-fon charged with high treafon committed in Americdy or on the high feas, or for piracy, till the firft of Jan.iyyS. 17 Geo. 3. c. 9. vcl. 31.— Continued by 18 Geo\ 3. r. 1. 19 Gr*. 3. r. 1. 20 G*o. 3. r. 5. 21 Gap. 3.

i.	2.

Any perfon authorized by the King to grant pardons, may. give licence to carry prizes into any port in the King’s dominions in North America. 17 Geo. 3. c, 40. vol. 31.

Ships taken by the rebels, and retaken, to be reftored, paying one eighth for Salvage; and to be ap-praifed, but not fold without the confent of the owner, fame

$3-

The King may appoint commif-, Coner8 to treat of peace with the American colonies. 18 Geo. 3. c. 13. vol. 32.

Su^ar or paneles from Britijb America, may be entered, on payment of Britijb plantation duties, without a certificate, as dire&ed by 4 Geo. 2. c. 15. (fee Sugar) and fu-gar warehoufed, may be delivered or entered, on payment of Britijb o

And

plantation duties, and the difference to be returned. 18 Geo. 3. c. 58. vol.

32.	20 Geo. 3. c. 7. vol. 33.

Goods may pe exported from Great Britain or Ireland to any place in America, which the (ecretary of date (hall certify to be under the protection of his Majefty’s arms, oa bond, with two fureties in 2,500/. penalty if the (hip be under 100 tons, and 5,000 /. if above, to export, &c. and to have a certificate from the naval officer, or from other officers appointed by the commander of the forces, on landing. 20 Geo. 3. c. 46.

§ 1,2. vol. 32.

Goods, the produce of America, may be exported from the place of

!>roduCtion to Great Britain or Ire-'and, Newfoundland, Halifax, Quebec, Eoji and Weft Florida, Georgia, or the Britijb Weft India ifiands, on bond, with one furety, in penalty of ioco /. if the (hip be under 100 tons, and 2000/. if above, fame afi. Commander in chief in America may appoint a naval or other officer for this purpofe, with powers and regulations by him, — and 16 ■ Geo. 3. c. 5. continued (where not altered by this aCt) to 1 June, 1781, and to ccafe where the c.vil govern- J ment is reftored. fame all, § 3, to 9*

Commanders in North America, | and all perlons aCting under them, indemnified for any aCts done in fuppreffing the rebellion, fame afly § 10.

Andrew [Saint) Holboumt.

Parifh may purchafe a workhoufe, &c* 10 Geo. 3. c. 79. vol 28.

For building a workhoufe for the liberty of Saffron Hilly &c. to Geo. 3. c. 80.

Annutieiy

Digitized by

Google

Ann

Ann	471

Annuities9 publick.

480,000 /. by a lottery. 21 Geo. 3. c. 14. w/. 33.

Granted by 33 Geo. 2. c. 7. and 2 Gw. 3. c. 10. the times of payment of the dividends altered. 5 Geo. 3. c. 16. vol. 26.

All deeds, &c. for granting annul-tiee for one or more lives, or years, or greater eftate, determinable on

Annuities, private.

Annuities for life, with benefit of or greater eftate, determinable on furvivorlhip, at 3 per cent, per an- lives,, to be inrolled in chancery in num, granted to difeharge navy bills, 20 days. 17 Gw, 3. c. 26. vol. 31.

&c. charged on the finking fund. 5 Before judgement is entered on a Geo. 3. c. 23. vol. 26.	warrant of attorney for fecuring any

One fourth part of the annuities annuity, and before the execution, a by 3 Geo. 3. c. 9. charged on the memorial is to be enrolled as above, finking fund, paid off. 5 Geo. 3. c. Jame aft, § 2.

42.	All	deeds, &c. for granting annui-

One third more paid off. 6 Geo• ties to contain, the confideration and 3. c. 21. vol. 2J.	the names of the parties at length.

Annuities to the dukes of Tori, and if any part of the confide ation is Gloucefer, and Cumberland, 8000/. returned or retained, &c. the court each. 7 Geo. 3. c. 19. vol. 27..	where theadion is brought may ftay

One fourth part of 875,000 /. an- the proceedings, and order the deeds, nuities, charged on the duty on &c. to be cancelled, fame aft, § 3, wine, by 3 Geo. 3. c. 12. redeemed. 4.

7	Geo. 3. c. 25. voU 27.	Clerk	of enrolments in chancery

For redeeming the remainder of to keep a particular roll for annuities, 1,741,776 /. 10;. 11 d. annuities and to fpecify the time of enrolment, grimed by 3 Geo. 3. c. 9. j Geo. 3. c. and to be paid 1$. for 200 words,

26.	and bd. for each 100 words after,

1,500,000/. charged on the fink- and is. for a fearch. fame aft, § 5. ing fund, to pay off part of	All contradts for annuities with

2,000,000 /. granted by 29 Geo. 2. c.	perlons under 21 years of age, void,

7. — 10 Geo. 3. c. 36. vol. 28.	and procuring~the fame,* fubjedfc to

500,000/. by annuities at 4 per fine and imprifonment; and follici-tent. for 10 years, from 5 April, tors, feriveners, or brokers, taking 1777; redeemable, with 10 s. per more than 10 s. per 100/. for pro-cent. for 10 years only, and 500,000/. curing, &c. like puniftunent. fame by a lottery. 17 Geo. 3. t. 46. vol.	aft, 6,7.

3*'	Not	to extend to annuities, or

7.000.	000/. by annuities at 3 per rent-charges by will, marriage fettle—

tent, and 490,000/. by a lottery. 19 merit, or for advancement of a child; Geo. 3. c. 18. vol. 32*	nor if fecurod on lands of equal or

12.000.	000/. by annuities at 4 per greater value, if the grantor is feized

cent, and il. j6s. 3d. for 80 years, in fee or tail, or if fecured by ftocks and 480,000/. by a lottery. 20 Geo. actually transferred, if dividend of 3. c. ib. vol. 33.	greater value; nor to voluntary syi-

12.000.	000/. by annuities, 100/. nuities without pecuniary confidera-*t 3 per cent. the like, and 25 /. tion, nor if granted by corporations at 4 per ctnt. for each 100 /• and or by authority of adt of parliament.

or

Digitized by

472	APP

or if under io/. per annum, unlefs more from the fame grantor to, or in truft for the fame grantee, fame oft, § 8,.

Apprentices.

Further time allowed for the pay-ment of apprenticefhip duties. 4 Gee. 3. c. 23. vol. 26. 6 Geo. 3. c. 40. wZ.

27.	9 Geo. 3. r. 37. vol. 28.

A juftice may compel apprentices, abfenting themfelves before the expiration of their time, to ferve as long as abfent,or to make fatisfa£tion,or to commit them to the houfe of correction for 3 months; and all artificers, callico printers, handicraftfmen, miners, colliers, keelmen, pitmen, g]aflmen,potters,!abourers,6r others, not fulfilling their contracts, or being guilty of other mifdemeanors, may (on conviction before a juftice) be committed to the houfe of correction for 3 months ; but not to extend to apprentices paying 10/. or more fee, or to the (tanneries in Devon or Cornwall, nor to the city of London ; none compellable to ferve or make fatisfaCHon after feven years from the expiration of apprenticefhip. 6 Geo. 3. e. 25. vol. 27.

None to continue apprentices by virtue of 5 El c. 4. after 21 years of age. 18 Geo. 3. c. 47. vol. 32.

Appropriation of Supplies.

5	Geo. 3. c. 40. 6 Geo. 3. c. 41. 7 Geo. 3. c. 54. 8 Geo. 3. c. 30. 9 Geo. 3. c. 40. 10 Geo. 3. c. 34. 52. 11 Geo. 3. c. 48. 12 Geo. 3. 1. 70. 13 Geo. 3. c. 77. 14 Geo. 3. c. 85. 15 Geo. 3. c. 42 16 Geo. 3. c. 49. 17 Geo. 3. c. 47. 18 Ge*. 3. c. 54. 19 Geo. 3. c. 71. 20 Gw. 3. r. 62. 21 (So*. 3. c. 57.

1 Approvement.

Further time allowed to regifter agreements for enclofing commons according to 29 Geo. 2. c. 36. and 31 Geo. 2. c. 41. fubjeCl to appeal to the quarter feflions. If the major part of the owners of common right agree to the inclofure, as good as if the major part of the occupiers had fo con fen ted. Where the owners of waftes, not having the fee fimple, agree to the inclofure for an annuity, fuch recompence to be deemed a rent charge. 10 Gee, 3.

r.	42. vol. 28.

Arrefts.

No arreft in inferior courts for le& than 10/. but procefs may be ferved for 25. 6 d. and to proceed as on 12 Geo.i.c.2i).— igGeo.^-c.yo.voLp.

Inferior courts (having jurifdic-tion) in actions for 10/. and upwards, to proceed, as at prefent fix above 40;.; fo much ot the fmall debt adts, as dire&s imprifonment, repealed, fame aft, §2,3.

When final judgment is obtained •in an inferior court, on affidavit thereof in a court of record at Wifi-minjler, and that execution hath been fued cut, and the * defendant not being found within the jurif-ditftion of fuch inferior court, rhe judgment may be removed, and execution fued in the court above. Jam aft, § 4.

No execution for lefs than 10/. in an inferior court ftayed, or a writ of error, or fuperfedeas allowed, unlefs the defendant, with two fureties, give a recognizance in double the lum, to profecute fuch writ of error with effe<ft, and pay the debt and cofts, if the judgment be affirmed. fame aft, § 5.

No

Digitized by Google

Art

No caufe for lefs than 10L re-moveable by Habeas Corpus by the defendant, unlefs the like recognizance to pay the debt and cods. 19 Geo. 3. c. 70. § 6. voU 32.

Artillery (Old) Ground.

See Paving.

Attorneys and Solicitors.

Further time allowed to file affidavits of clerks. 5 G**. 3. c. 40. 7 G/*. 3. r. 31. 9 G/0.3. c. 37. 10 G**. 3. r. 4a. 13 Geo. 3. r. 12. 14 Geo. 3. r.

47.	15 Geo. 3. r. 17* 16 G**. 3. r. 50. 17 G*0. 3. r. 37. 18	3.	r.	39.

19	Geo. 3. r. 47. 20 G/*. 3 c. 47. 21 Geo. 3. r. 25.

AubynSt. Sir John.

To enable his truftees during his minority to renew and grant leafes, and fell lands at Plymouth Dock, Devon, for the ufe of the King, his heirs and fucceffors, 14 Geo. 3. c. 50. vol. 30.

AuBions and AuBioneers.

Every auctioneer in the bills of mortality to pay 20;. per ann• and out of the bills 5 s. for a licence to ufe the trade. 17 Geo. 3. c. 50. vol.

3^-

Brokers allowed in London to pay only 5 s. per ann. yjw/	§ 2.

None to aCt without a licence (in the bills of mortality) by the com-mi(Doners of excife, or by the collector and fuperviior (in the country) to be renewed every year, fame oBy § 3.

Acting without licence, penalty, in the bills of mortality, joo /. out 50/. fame afl, § 4.

To pay 3 d. per pound out of the

Auc 473

purchafe-money on fale by auction of intereft in pqfleffion or reverfion of freehold, copyhold, or leafehold lands, tenements, houfes, or hereditaments, or annuities charged thereon ; and of utenfils in huf-bandry and farming (lock, (hips and veflels, and of any reverfionary intereft in the publick funds: to pay 6 d. per pound on the like fale of all furniture, fixtures, plate, jewels, goods, and chattels, fold by outcry, knocking down of hammer, candle, lot, parcel, or other mode of fale by auction, or whereby the belt or kigheft bidder is the purchafer, to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, faCtor, or idler by commiffion, out of the money raifed thereby, fame efi, § 6.

In the limits of the excife office in London, the auctioneer (on having licence) to give bond in 206/. penalty; and in 14 days after every auction, to deliver a particular account of the money bid, and price of each lot, and to fwear to the truth, and at the end of the year the bond to be given up.

And out of the bills of mortality to give bpnd in 50/. penalty, and the account to be delivered in fix weeks, fame afl, § 7.

The auctioneer may make the conditions for the purchafer to pay the duty, and the aCt not to alter the contract between the buyer and feller. Jame afl, § 8, 9.

If the owner of the eftatc or goods be the buyer, by himfelf or agent, on notice having been previoufly given to the auctioneer, the duty to be abated. Jame aBy § 10.

Alfo goods from Briti/b America, on firft fale by the importer in 12 months, (hips, tackle, apparel, and cargoes taken and condemned as prizes, and fold for the captors; (hips and goods wrecked, and fold I14	by

Digitized by t^ooQle

474 ^uc

by the infurers or proprietors, or to defray the charges of falvage; fales fpr creditors under deeds of truft, executed before the firft of Aprils J777, and by truftees under the in-folvent adl 12 Geo. 3. c• 23. excepted. fame ail, § 12.

Sales of eftates to be held by leafe or copy of court roll, for life or years; and of woods, coppices, the produce of mines or quarries, "and for cutting or working the fame, and fales of materials ufed in working-the fame, and of cattle, live .or dead flock, and unmanufactured produce of lands, fold by the proprietors or their agents, likewife excepted, fame at7, § 13.

So much of the above afl.as di-reds the colleding of the duties (except arrears) to Ceafe; and 6 d. per pound of the purchafe money on the fale of plate and jewels, reduced to 3d. per pound. 19 Geo. 3. c. 56. vmL 32.

None to fell eftates, goods, or effeds, by outcry, &c. without licence from the commiflioners, col-ledor, or fupervilbrof excife, at 20s. or 5 r. as by the former ad (befides a licence as a dealer in plate) to be renewed annually, on penalty of 50 /. Duties of 3 d. and 6 d. per pound by the former ad, to be charged in proportion for greater of lefler fums. fame at?, § 3, 4, 5.

Duties to be charged on the auc-1 tioneer immediately on clofing the fale, and hp is to give bond in 200 /. penalty, to deliver an account to the commiflioners of excife- in London (in 28 days after the fale) on oath, or the hond to be put in fuit; and in the country, the like bond in 50/. penalty, and the account in fix weeks after the fale. fame afl, § 6, 7> I0* .

Audioneer to give notice of fales, gad in 24 hoar# tftpr to deliver an

Auc

authenticated catalogue thereof at the excife office, on penalty of 29/. fame at?, § 9.

If the fale of the eftate is void through defed pf title, the coqq-miffioners of excife, or juftices of peace in the country, may relieve, on oath, againft duties paid, fame cfl, § 11.

Sales of eftates or chattels by the order of chancery or the exchequer in England, courts of great feflions in Wales, or of feftion or exchequer in Scotland, and fales by the Eajl Mi or Hudfons Bay companies, com-miftioners ofeuftoms or excife, board of ordnance, navy or victualling, and goods diftrained for rent or nonpayment of tithes; fales hy lords of manors for granting of copyhold or cuftomary eftates for life or years, and by the owners for life or years, and of woods, coppices, the produce of mines or quarries, or concerning the fame, or the cutting or working thereof; and pf cattle, alive or dead, and the unmanufactured produce of lands by the proprietors, and of eftates or goods, &c. by fheriffs for creditors, and by aflignees of bankrupts, and of goods the produce of and imported from Britifh America, on the firft fale by the importer in 12 months; and of prizes, (hips'cargoes, and wrecks, fold by infurers, for falvage, or to make good damage by fire, and goods under the infol-vent aft of 12 Geo. 3. in Scotland excepted, fame ail, § 13,14,15.

On fale of goods feized by (he-riffs, to enumerate them in 1 catalogue certified by the fheriff, and bankrupt’s goods by aflignees, and no other goods to be inferted on penalty of 20/. Goods fold by infurers from fire, to be certified by them on the like penalty, one m.iety to the King, the other to the informer. fame off, § 16, 17,18.

B. Bard

9

Digitized by Google

Ran

B.

Bank of England.

TO continue a corporation till the annuities. See. granted by parliament are redeemed. 4 Geo. 3. /. 25. vol 26. 6 Geo. 3*. c. 39. § 39. 7 Geo. 3. c. 24. vol. 27. 8 Geo. 3. c. 31. vol. 28. 17	3.	r.	46.	w/.	31. 19

Gr*. 3. r. 18. vol. 32.

Bankrupts.

A&* 5 G/0. 2. r. 30. 9, 16, 24 & 31 Geo. 2. and 4 & 12 Geo. 3. mo//-— 16 Geo. 3. r. 54. vol. 31.

All perfons in cultody on com-miflions fued out before the 25th of March, 1772, and no proof of fraud, and having conformed, to be dif-. charged of imprifonment and debts; and other bankrupts arrefted afterwards may petition the court to be difeharged. 12 Geo. 3. c. 47. § 3. vol. 29.

Bankrupts on commiflions before the 28th of Aprils 1774, conforming, though no certificate, to be difeharged from imprifonment. 14 Geo. 3. c. 77. § 58. voL 30. May on petition to the lord chancellor be relieved, fame aft) % 59.

Sales of goods of bankrupts by the affignees, not fubjedfc to duty. 17 Geo. 3. c. 50. § 11. vol 31. 19 Geo. 3. c. 56. § 15. vol 33.

Bark of Oak.

On importation to pay id. per pound. When under 10/. per load of hatch, 45 hundred weight, in London, or in the rind 21. 10 s. per load, 20 ^ards 3 rinds thick with two fleirts and a cover$ none to be imported on penalty of 20 /. A regifter

Bat	475

to be kept of prices, &c. 11 Geo. 3. c. 50. vol. 29. — Continued by 17 Geo.

3. t. 44.vol. 31.

If leized and condemned in Scotland, the penalty may be recovered in the exchequer there. The duty of id. per pound, to be applied to the old fubfidy. 13 Geo. 3. c. 74. vol 30.

Bath, City of.

For the more eafy recovery of fmall debts there. 6 Geo. 3. c. 16. vol. 27.

The King may licence a play-houfe there. 8 Geo. 3. c. 10. vol 28.

The governors of the hofpital there incorporated, their yearly income not to exceed 560/. DeviCes good, though not conformable to the ftatute of mortmain: but not to exceed the fum allowed by 12 Geo. 3. c. 31. — 19 Geo. 3. c. 23- vol. 32.

Bedford Level.

For draining the lands between Cam, otherwife Grant, weft, and the hard lands of Botttjbam, Swaffbam Bulbed, and Swaffbam Prior, eaft, and to fell certain invefted lands. 7 Geo. 3. c. 53. vol. 27. — Amended by 19 Geo. 3. c. 54. vol 32.

The governor. See. may borrow 44,000/. on bond, on account of the Middle and South Level, and to efta-blifh a fund of not more than 6000/. in cafe of a breach. 12 Geo. 3. c. 9. vol 29.

Adt 27 Geo. 2. c. 27. as to the debt of the duke of Bedford and the earl of Lincoln amended. 13 Geo. 3. e. 34.

vol 30.

For draining the lands between Stoke river and Brandon river. Felt-well new diftridt, and the hard lands of Wooiball in Helgay and Helgay in

the

Digitized by Google

476	Bet

the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, fame year, c. 45.

Adt 27 Geo. 2. r 19. enforced as to the fourth diftridt of the North Level, fame year, c. 49.

Lanas in the manor of Crowland charged with further taxes (fee 27 Geo. 2. c. 19.) 15 Geo. 3. c. 12. vol. 31*

' Lands in the North Level charged with a tax of is. per acre, and in Portland, 6<f. per acre, for 9 years, to be applied with the former taxes to keep down the intereft, and to difeharge the debt of 14,000/. and the North Level to pay Further 4 d. and Portland 2 d. per acre, for 9 t years, to carry on the works of the North Level. 19 Geo. 3. c. 24. vo/.

Bethnal Green.

To enable the inhabitants of St. Matthew's parifh to pay the debts contradied for their workhoufe and poor, and for their further relief. 13 Geo. 3. c. 53. vol. 30.

Bills of Exchange and Promiffory Notes.

Promiffory or other notes, bills of exchange or draughts, or undertakings in writing, negotiable or transterrable, for lefs than 20s. void, and the penalty on the utterer, not more than 201. nor lefs than 5/. 15 Geo. 3. c. 51. vol. 31.

If for more than 20s. and for lefs than 5/. after the firft of January, 1778, to fpecify the name to whom payable, with the place of abode, and dated when given, and figning and indorfement to be attefted by one witnefs, or elfe void $ and not to be negotiated on penalty as in the former adt. Bot<b adU'continued for 5 years. 17 Geo. 3. c. 3c, vol. 31.

Bir

Forging the acceptance of a bill of exchange, or number, or principal fum in any accountable receipt for note, bill, or other fccurity for money, or warrant, or order for payment of money, to defraud any corporation, or uttering fucb, felony, without benefit of clergy. 18 Geo. 3.

€. l8. Vol. 32.

Birmingham.

For building two chapels there, with burying places thereto. 12 Geo.

3. c. 64. vol. 29.

For widening the ftreets there.

9 Geo 3. c. 83. vol. a8. 13 Geo. 3. e. I

36.	vol. 30.

I

Bone and Thread Lace.

I

All dealers to- pay the makers in [ money only, and not with goods, or ; by way of truck, Makers may re- 1 'cover money due to them before juftices of peace, with appeal to the quarter feffions. 19 Geo. 3. c. 49. vol. 32.

Books.

Act 12 Geo. 2. c. 36. continued. 7 Geo. 3. e. 35. § 4. voi. 27. 14 Geo. 3. c. 86. § 9. vol. 30.

The two univerfities in England, and four in Scotland, and the colleges of Eaton, Wejlminjlcr, and Win* cbcjUr, to have the lole right, for ever, of printing books which have or (not having been publifhed or af-figned) (hall be bequeathed, or other-wife given by authors to any of the faid univerfities, &c. in truft for the purpofes aforefaid, unlefs given for a term of years, or other limited time; and others printing fuch books, forfeit the fame with id. per (heet, half to the King, and the other to the profecutor: but not to give an ex-•	'	clullvc

Digitized by v^ooQle

Bo)

clufive light longer than fuch book is printed at the univerfities or college prefs, and they are not to grant away their right; but may fell the copy as authors can by 8 Anny c. 19. — None fubjeft to penalty for printing books already given to the univerfities, unlefs entered at ftation-er’s hall before the 24tf> of June9 1775 j and if hereafter given, to be entered in two months after bequeft known, to pay 6 d. for each entry, which is to be infpefted gratis, and bd. for the certificate. The whole title of the book to be entered. 15 Geo. 3. r. 53. vol. 31.

Proprietors of prints, after the 24th of June, 1777* may fue for damages, with double cods. 17 Geo. 3. e. S7.V01.31.

BoJlony Lincolnfhire.

See Pilots. Paving.

Brandy, and other Spirits.

Imported in lhips under 100 tons forfeited. 5 Geo. 3. c. 43. § 27. vol.

26.

Aft 2 Geo. 3. e. 14. to extend only to fpirits made from corn, malt, or molafies, and not lefs than one ton at a time to be taken out of warehouse for home confumption. 6 Geo. 3. c. 46. § 1,2. vol. 27.

Britijb made fpirits may be exported as merchandize to Africa and Newfoundland, and rum the produce of the Britijb fugar plantations to Africa, Inland, and Newfoundland; but not to be imported in (hips lefs than 70 tons, fame aft, § 9.

Single brandy fpirits, or Aqua s. d. Vita imported, to pay additional excife per gallon -	06

Above proof, called double brandy per ditto -	-	10

6	Geo. 3.A 47. § 1. vol. 27,

Bra	477

So much of 33 G/t. 2. r. 28, as requires rum exported to be certified proof, repealed; and on the exportation of rum or fpirits, the produce of the Britijb fugar plantations, as merchandize under the (aid aft, all duties to be drawn back, and free from excife, though not proof. 8 Geo. 3. c.

25.	§ 7. vol. 28. v Foreign liquors feized for nonentry, to be fold for the payment of the duty, and the furplus to go to the officer feizing; but if fold for lefs than ttje duty, the officer to have only 2 sm per gallon, fame § 8.

Retailing fpirituous liquors without licence, to forfeit 50/. as direft-ed by the excife laws, and not to be mitigated to lefs than 5 /. 13 Geo. 3. e. 56. vol. 30.

Rum imported and warehoufed, according to 15 Geo. 2. c. 25. opened without the officer, to forfeit 500/. For two years the fame drawback allowed on the (hipping of rum to be fpent on board (hips going beyond fea, as if exported as merchandize; if in cafics, not lefs than 100 gallons, and for (hips, not lefs than 100 tons. 17 Geo. 3. c. 52. §

16.	vol. 31. — Continued for 2 years more by 19 Geo. 3. c. 22. § 7. vol.

32-

So much of 15 & 16 Geo. 2. c. 25.* as relates to the landing of ruip or fpirits, the produce of the Britijb colonies, before the payment of excife, continued. fame ad7, §3.

Additional duties, viz. on Low wines and fpirits of the s. d. firft extraction, for home

confumption,	from corn and home materials, per gallon o X

Strong waters or Aqua Vita9 per ditto -	*03

Low wines and fpirits of the firft extraftion, for home

confumptioo,	from foreign

or

Digitized by

478	Bn

or imported materials, or s. d. mixed ditto, per gallon o 3 Spirits, home made, and for home confumption, from foreign or imported materials, or mixed, per gallon -	02

Low wines or (pints of the firft extraction, for home confumption, fiom cyder or other Britijh materials (except as before) or mixed, per gallon -	-	o ij.

Spirits for fale, for home confumption, from cyder or other Britijb materials (except as before) per gallon o 2 Single brandy, fpirits, or Aqua Vitay imported, per gallon 1 o Double brandy, &c. above proof, imported, per gallon 2 o

Thefe duties, and alfo the additional duties on rum and fpirits, the produce of the fugar plantations imported, to be under the excife, and fubjedt to the duty of 5/. per cent. by 19 Geo. 3. c. 25. — 20 Geo. 3. c.

35.	vol. 33.

See Excife.

Brecknock, Wales.

See Paving.

Bread.

Standard wheaten to weigh three fourths of \he wheat whereof made, and to be marked S. PV. The peck loaf to weigh 17lb. 6oz. avoirdu-poifce, and leffer loaves in proportion ; fcven ftandard loaves equal to eight wheaten, and fix houlhold. 13 Get. 3. c. 62- § 2. vol. 30.

Standard wheaten bread not to be fold as priced loaves at the fame time. Magiftrates may, whenever they think proper, fet the price and aiTize of ftandard wheaten bread, according

Bn -

to the table to the ad, and bakers liable to the fame penalties as for offences concerning wheaten or houf-bold bread by the laws in being. 13 Geo. 3. e. 62. § 4r 5.

If baker informed againft for making, marking, baking, or felling ftandard wheaten bread, not the whole produce of the wheat, except bran, and weighing three fourths of wheat, and (hall prove that he bought the flour of miller or mealman, and difeover his name and place of abode, the baker* to be acquitted, and the miller or mealman fubje& to the penalties in 31 Geo. 2. e• 29.—13 G«. 3. c. 62. § 6.

Where magiftrates have fet the price of ftandard wheaten bread, they may omit other forts, and juftices at the feflions may prohibit for three months the making or felling other than ftandard wheaten bread on one month’s puhJick notice; but the baker’s company of London may object to fuch prohibition; and penny and twopenny loaves may be fold as by 31 Geo. 2. and coarfer. bread fub-jcufk to the fame act, but if fold as priced bread fubjeCt to the lame penalties; and magiftrates to havt all powers by any law in being, and the fame privileges, but not to extend to the cuftom of London or lVeJiminjlery or right of the univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge, and all laws concerning bread to remain. In corporations where there are two bailiffs, one to fet the aflize of bread. 13 Gtf. 3. c. 62. §13) to the end.

Brewers.

Common brewers, who brew to fell or tap out, publickly or privately, to be allowed per gallon.

In London or bills of mortality, /. d. per barrel, above 6 s. value 1 4

Out

Digitized by (^.ooQle

Bri

Out of the bills of mortality I 8 In England and IVales, on beer

of 6 s. per barrel, orunder O 4 In Scotland above 6 s. per barrel o 10 Upon two-penny ale, per ditto o 6 And beer under 6s. per ditto o 3

To be paid in four months after payment of the duties charged thereon. 20 Geo. 3. r. 35. vol. 33.

JJr/Vfo Tyks.

A&s 12 Geo. 1. r. 35. 2 Gr*. 3. r. 15. 3 G**. 3. r, 22. continued to 25 1769, and all perfons a<5t-ing under the fame, fince the 23th of Marcby 1732, indemnified. 9 GV0. 3. c. yjsvol. 28.

Further continued, — and clay to be turned between the firft of fV-bruary and the making'of bricks, on penalty of ior. per 1000. 10 Geo. 3. r.49. vol. 28.

In the limits of London, or within 15 miles, may'dig clay at any time, fo h be turned once before the bricks are made; fieves not to be more than one quarter of an inch between the mafhes 5 may ufe cinders, called breeze, only in burning bricks in clamps. Bricks to be 8i inches long, 4 inches broad, and 2\ inches thick. This adt not to extend more than 15 miles from London \ informations, 29 to dimenfions, to be in a month after the fale. fame afty § 3, to 8.

All bricks made in England, to be of the fame dimenfions as above j pantiles to be 135 inches long, 9J inches wide, and half an inch thick, on penalty of 201, per 1000 for bricks, and 10s. per iobo fortyles; fieves for coal afhes to be the fame fize as above. All contracts by brick or tyle-makers, for ingrofling, retraining the fale, or fixing the price, void, and the maker to forfeit 20/. his clerk or agent ip/. half to

Bri	479

the poor, and the other to the informer. 17 Gr*. 3. c. 42.1/*/. 31,

Bridges.

For building a bridge over the river Severn 2% Worcefier. 9 Geo. 3. c. 84. vol. 28. — Amended by 19 Geo* 3. c. 42. vol 32.

The like over the river Clyde at Hamilton, in the county of Lanark, in Scotland. 10 Geo. 3. c. 93. vol. 28.

The like acrofs the river Severn at Rsdjlone, in the county of fVor-cejler. 13 Geo. 3. c. 113. vol. 30.

For rebuilding Exe bridge at Exeter. 13 Geo. 3. c. 109. vol. 30.

For building a bridge acrofs the river Aire, in the JVeJl Riding of the county of York. 14 Geo. 3. r. 63. vol. 30-

The like acrofs the river Severn* from Benthall in the county of Salop to Madelty wood* 16 Geo. 3. c. 17. vol. 31.

The like acrofs the fame river, from Precn's Eddy, in the parifh of

Brofeley, to The Sheep IVafh, in the parifli of Sutton-Maddocky in the county of Salop.. 17 Geo. 3. c. 12. vol. 31.

The like acrofs the fame river at Maifmcrey near the city of Gloucejler. 17 Geo. 3. c. 68. vol. 31.

A6t 30 Geo. 2. c. 59. for building a bridge acrofs the river Lee enlarged. 18 Geo. 3. c. 10. vol. 32.

For building a bridge acrofs the river Tyne at Hexham. 18 Geo. 3, r. 44-

The like acrofs the river Tawey at Wich Tree, in the parifli of Lldn-faletty to the oppafite lhore in the pari(h of Llangevelack, &c. 18 Gao. j. c. 68. vol. 32.

The like for a temporary bridge over the river Tyne, between New* cajlle and Gatejbeady in the county of Durham, and for compleating a new

ltone

Digitized by v^»ooQle

Bui

480	Bri	■

(tone bridge there, &c. 19 Geo. 3.’ct~ 78. vol 32.

For a bridge acrofs the river Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the county of Hereford. 20 Gr*. 3. r. 27. tw/. 33.

For enlarging the powers of 20 Geo. 2. c. 22. for building a bridge acrofs the Thames, from Walton to Sbepperton. — To leave 208 feet for the paflage of the water. 20 Geo. 3. c. 32. vol 33.

Brighthelmjlon.

See Paving.

Brijlol.

For making paflages in the parifli of St. Stephen, and tor enlarging the burying ground there. 14 Geo. 3. r.

55.	vol. 30.

To remove the danger of fire among the (hips in that port, and to enlarge the docks and regulate the quays, &c. 16 Geo. 3. e. 32. vol 31*

For licenfing a theatre there. 18 Geo. 3. c. 8. vol. 32.

Buckingham.

See Churches.

Bugles.

Five years allowed from the entry for their exportation. 5 Gr*. 3. r. 30. vol 26.

May be imported from the ifle of Man, not exceeding 25 hundred weight avoirdupoize. 6 Geo. 3. c. 46. fw/. 27.

The five years by 5 Geo. 3. c. 30. enlarged to 10 years, as to bugles imported before the firft of May, 1776, and warehoufed. *16 Geo. 3. e.

48.	vol. 31,

Buildings.

A& 4 Gr*. 3. r. 14. explained. 6 Geo. 3. r. 37. w/. 27.

In London and Weflminjler, and bills of mortality, the parilhes of St. Mary le Bone, Paddington, Pan-rrw, and Chelfea, buildings, regulated to prevent fire; adts 19 Car. 2. c. 3. 6 r. 31. 7 v/aw. c. 17. ir Gr*. 1. r. 28. 33 Gr*. 2. c. 30 4 Gtf. 3. r. 14. 6 Gr*. 3. c. 26. and fame year, c. 37. as to party walls repealed. 12 Geo. 3. r. 73. vol. 29.

Buildings further regulated. 14 Geo. 3. r. 78. vol. 30.

Firft rate of building, viz. churches, chapels, meetmghou fes or places of publick worfhip, ftillhoufes, brew-houfes, foaphoufes, houfes for melting tallow, dying, fugarhoufes, tur-pentinehoufes, founderies of brafs or iron, chymical glafshoufes of all di-menfions, warchoufes and other buildings, not dwellinghoufes (except of the 5th, 6th or 7th rate) not exceeding threeftories aboveground, exclufive of rooms in the root of the height of 31 feet above* ground to the top of the blocking courfe; and dwellinghoufes above the value of 850/. and above nine fquareg of building of 100 fuperficial feet each, on the ground floor; external walls of the firft rate, to be 2* bricks, or one foot 9; inches thick, and decrease on each fide 2* inches to the top of the footing of the wall, which is to be 9 inches high and 2 bricks or 17^ inches thick to the undetfide of the one pair of flairs floor, from thence i* brick or 13 inches to the underfide of the plate under the roof, from thence one brick or 3? inches thick to the underfide of the blocking courfe, except walls of (tone of 14 inches thick below the ground floor and 9 inches above, and except

recedes

Digitized by

Bui

rccefles arched, and at the back one brick or 8i- inches thick.

Party-walls of the firft rate to be 3* bricks or 2 feet 6* inches thick, and* decreafing on each fide 4* inches to the top of the footing one foot high, and below the pavement of the cellar flory 2 inches; the wall to be from the top of the footing 2* bricks or 1 foot 9* inches thick to the underfide of the ground floor, and thence 2 bricks or 17* inches thick to the un-derfide of the floor of the rooms in the roof of the highft adjoining building, and thence j| brick or 13 inches to the top. 14 Geo. 3. c. 78.

§ 1, to 4. vol. 30.

Second rate of building, viz. ware-houfes, (tables, and other buildings, not a dwellinghoufe (except of the ift, Sth, 6th and 7th rate) exceeding two ftories, and not more than three ftories above ground, exclufive of rooms in the roof, or of the height of 22 feet, and not fo high as 31 feet from the ground to the top of the coping; and dwellinghoufes above 300/. value, and not more than 850/. and exceeding 5 fquares, and not more than 9 fquares of building.

External walls of the fecond rate to be at the foundation two bricks or 17J inches thick, and decreafing on each fide 2i inches to the top of the footing, which is to be 9 inches high, and below the cellar floor 2 inches, and from the top of the footing ii brick or 13 inches thick to the underfide of the one pair of flairs floor, from thence 1 brick or 8* inches thick to the underfide of the coping, except walls of ftone gbove ground 9 inches thick, and recedes arched and at the back 1 brick or Scinches thick.

Party-walls of the fecond rate to be at the foundation 3C bricks or 2 feet 6* inches thick, and from thence decreafing on each fide

But481

\\ inches to the top of the footing,

9 inches high, and under the cellar floor 2 inches, and from thence 2! bricks or 1 foot 9* inches thick to the underfide of the ground floor, and thence 2 bricks or 17C inches thick to the underfide of the two pair of flairs floor, and thence iC brick or 13 inches thick to the top of the party-wall. 14 Geo. 3. r. 78. § 5,6,7.

Third rate of building, viz. ware-houfes, (tables, and other buildings, not dwellinghoufes (except of the ift, 5th, 6th and 7th rate) exceeding one flory and not more than two above ground, befides rooms in the roof or 13 foot, and not more than 22 feet high from the ground to the coping, and dwellinghoufes of the value of 150/. and not more than 300/. and exceeding 3 fquares and an half, and not more than 5 fquares.

External walls of the third rate to be at the foundation 2 bricks or 17* inches thick, and thence regujarly decreafing on both fides 2^ inches to the top of the footing 6 inches high, 2 below the floor of the cellar flory, and from the top of the footing i\ brick or 13 indies thick to the underfide of the ground floor, and thence 1 brick or 8{ inches to the underfide of the coping.

Party-walls of the third rate to be at the foundation 3 bricks or 26 inches thick, and from thence regularly decreafing on each fide 4! inches, to the top of the footing 9 inches high, and 2 inches below the floor of the cellar flory, and from the top of the footing 2 bricks or 17* inches thick to the underfide of the ground floor, and from thence i£ brick or 13 inches thick to the top of the wall. 14 Geo. 3. c. 78. § 8, 9, 10.

Fourth rate of building, viz. warc-houfes, (tables, and other buildings,

x not

Digitized by

Google

482	Bui

not dwellinghoufes (except of the id, 5th, 6th and 7th rates) not exceeding one ftory above ground, ex-clufive of rooms in the roof, and not more than 13 feet high horn the ground to the top of the coping, and dwellinghoufes not more than 150/. value, and not exceeding 3’, fquares of building.	/

External walls of the fourth rate to be at the foundation *i\ bricks or 17* inches thick, and thence dccreaf-ing on each fide 2? inches, to the top of the footing 6 inches, and 2 inches below the floor of the cellar (lory, and from thence brick or 13 inches thick to the underfide of the ground floor, and from thence 1 brick or 8* inches thick to the un-derfide of the coping.

Party-walls of the fourth rate to be- 2 bricks or 174 inches thick at the foundation,'from thence gradually decreafing on each fide inches, to the top of the footing 9 inches high, and 2 inches below the cellar floor, and from the top of the footing ii brick or 13 inches thick to the underfide of the ground floor, and from thence 1 brick or 8{ inches thick to the top of the wall, fame § 11,12,13.

All houfes of the id, zd, 3d, or 4th rate, contiguous to other buildings to have party walls between them, to extend to the outward fur-faces of each, and thofe and all chim-nies and chimney (hafts to be of brick or (lone, or both together, (except timber wood, lead, or iron, v laid in as after directed, and except

!riling, bridging, or planking, necef-ary for foundation) and fuch party-walls to be topped with (lone, tyle, or brick, and of the dimenfions before directed, and one half on the ground of each houfe, for which pur-pofe workmen may enter the ground of the other houfe \ and all party-

Bui

walls above four dories high to be built as of the id rate, and thole of the 4th rate houfes four dories high as if of the 3d rate, fame afi, § 14,

Internal inclofures for feparating buildings of the id, 2d, 3d, and 4th rate, to be of brick or done, or artificial done or ducco, or all together, except timber wood, lead, or ironwork laid in as before direded, and except ncceflary piling, bridging, or planking, for foundation, and in af-certaining the rates to edimate the value as if of good materials, and to take the fquares of the level of the entrance, and an appeal allowed to the quarter feffions. fame afl, § 16,17.

Fifth rate of building, viz. dwellinghoufes, dables, and other buildings (except buildings not being dwellinghoufes, and of the id rate) at the didance of four feet, and not eight feet from any publick road, dreet or caufeway, and detached from j any other building, not in the fane pofleffion, 16 feet at lead, and not 30 feet or connected only by a fence wall, to be of the 5th rate, and may be built of any dimenfions. famcR^

§ 18.

Sixth rate of building, viz. dwellinghoufes, toarehoufee, dables, and other buildings (except fuch buildings not being dwellinghoufes, and of the id rate) which are eight feet from any publick road, dreet, or caufeway, and detached from any other building, not in the fame pof-feflion, 30 feet, or connedled only by a fence-wall, to be of the 6th rate, and may be built of any dimenfions, or of any materials, fame a£ly § 19.

Seventh rate of building, viz. cranehoufes on wharfs or quays, (hambles, wind or water mills, and all buildings out of London and JPe/l* mtttfler, and liberties, and ufed rot work(hop9, or dryingplaccs for tan-

i

ners,

Digitized by v^ooQie

Bui .*

ners, fellmongers, gluemakers, (ize-niaker?, callico-printers, whitfters, whitingmekers, curriers, Jeather-dreffers, buckramfliffeners, oilcloth-painters, woolftaplers, throwfters, parchment and papermakers, fo long as ufed for thofe purpofes, of the 7th rate, and may be built of any dimen-fions; external inclofures of crane-houfes to be of ftone, brick, (late, tyle, oak, elm, fteel, iron, or brafs, but other buildings of the faid rate, may be of any materials, fo that they be not covered with pitch, tar, or other inflammable compofition, and not ufed for other purpofes. fame atIf § 20, 21.

Detached offices, or if only connected by fence walls, to be deemed of the rate fuch office would be of, if the fame did not appertain to any ofher building, and old found party-i walls to remain ; if the adjoining building is rebuilt without making ufc of fuch wall, the owner of the other part to have only one half of fuch old wall and ground when pulled down: if party-walls are not of the thicknefs aforefaid, to be condemned as ruinous; and alfo if it (hall have any timber through it, to be cut off 'fo as not to leave fix inches of brickwork. fame aft, § 22, 23.

Timber partitions to remain till one of the adjoining houfes be taken' down or condemned as ruinous, and no longer; and external walls not to ibecome party-walls, unlefs of the \ neight and tbicknefs, and of fuch materials as before direefted. fame at!,

§ 24,25.

Party-walls to be 18 inches above the buildings adjoining, and no re-cefTes therein (except for chimnies, flues, girders and beams, and ends or piers, as after) fo as to reduce fuch wall under the thicknefs required ; nor openings (except for Vol. XXXIII.

Bui	483

communication between different ftacks of warehoufes, or between (tables, and to have iron doors, and except 'neceflary paffages on the ground floors, which (hall be arched over with brick or (tone, 13 inches thick in every building of the ift and 2d rate, and 8£ inches thick in every building of the 3d and 4th rate, and if there is a cellar under to be all arched in the fame manner). fame aft, §. 26.

No timber in party-walls (except bonds, templets, and chains, and the ends of girders, beams, &c.) and to have 8^ inches of folid brickwork between the ends and fides of every piece of timber; except oppoflte to other timbers, and then no part of fuch timbers to approach nearer than 4 inches to the centre of the faid wall; party-walls not to be cut, except 9 inches from the front or back wall to the centre of fuch party-wall, for the purpofe of inferting the end of fuch new front or back vyall, and if a breaftfummer and (lory pods 14 inches, and the fame may be 4 inches wide in the cellar (lory and 2 inches wide in the ground (lory; or may cut the wall for railing of (lone Hairs or landings, or timbers for wood flairs, not nearer than 8* inches to a chimney, or 4 inches to the timbers of the next houfe; and may cut recedes for inferting the walls, not more than 15 inches wide, nor 4 inches deep, and not nearer than 10 feet to any other recefs, and to make good all damages, fame aft, § 27,28.

Chimnies to be 13 inches thick in the cellar (lory, and S* inches in every other (lory, and if againft another chimney in party-wall of the id rate 8^ inches, and of the 2d, 3d, and 4th rate inches, and no flue op-pofite another in party-wall, (except K k	2	inches

Digitized by

Google

484 Bui

2	inches from the centre) and the bread to be 84 inches thick in the cellar (lory, and 4 in the other doxies, and all withs to be brick or done, and half brick thick, and breads, backs and withs to be pargeted within and without, (except next to vacant ground) and then marked, (except fronts); but chim-nies may be placed in party-walls, if defired by the owner of the adjoining houfe, on notice, which (hall be deemed making ufe of fuch parly-wall, and the builder to pay a proportional part of the expence thereof, with cods, fame § 29, 30.

When buildings are mixed property,. the party-wall to be of the highed rate of building adjoining, with party arches of i| brick or 13 inches thick in the id and 2d rates, and 1 brick or 8* inches thick in the 3d and 4th rates between them; but not to extend to inns of court or chancery (except party-walls of daircafes). fame<ift% § 31, 32.

Where owners are under any dif-ability to contra# or agree, a jury to determine the expence of rebuilding, &c. and fedions may give judgement thereon, which is to be final, and in 14 days workmen may enter, and if interrupted 10/. penalty; and builders to be paid expences according to the verdidt. fame afl, § 33.

Old decayed party-walls or arches may be pulled down on 3 months notice, as fpecificd in this adf, and appoint furveyors to view them; if the major part condemn them as ruinous, they are to certify the fame, and the owner may appeal to feflions, whofe judgement is to be final; if j}f the ift, 2d, or 3d rate, to give 3 months notice of pulling down, or the fame, if wooden partitions; and the expence to be paid by the owner of improved rent, and till payment, i

Bui .

the property of the wall vetted in the builder; new walls to pay a moiety of building, and old, alfo for pulling down, removing furniture, and (boring, but not for clearing away rubbifh, and the expence to be efti-mated at 7/. 155. per rod,.deducing 1 L 8 s. per rod for the materials (if any ) of the old wall, and 2 d. per cube foot for materials (if any) of old timber partition; and in 10 days after built an account to be delivered of the expences, and if not paid in 21 days, may be recovered by action; if the plaintiff gives 3 months notice of fuch adtion, and recovers, to have double cofts. fame § 38, to 41.

Party-walls to be of the thicknefe required for the higheft rate of building adjoining, and may be raifed above the other building, but if ufed by the other fide to be paid for; party fence walls may be likewife raifed, but not to be ufed as party-walls, unlefs of fufficient thicknefs, though either fide may take it down, and build a party-wall, and if the other fide ufe it, to contribute, and the firft builder not to lofe his right to the foil if the party-wall is not half on each ground, fame <2$,

§ 42* 43> 44*

If the fore and back front be rebuilt as low as the one pair of (lairs floor, in 5 years from each other, the party-walls to be fubjecl to the regulations of this a6i: and chimnies, not in party-walls of the ift rate, 10 be 13 inches in the cellar (lory to 12 inches above the mantle, and if of other rates 8~ inches (except built againtt a wall, and then it may be half a brick thinner) and the backs of chimnies of the 2d, 3d, or 4th rate, and not in party-walls, to be 8* inches thick from the hearth to the mantle, (except againtt a wall,

Digitized by v^ooQle

Bui

and then half a brick thinner) and no timber over the opening of any chimney to fupport it, but brick, (tone, or iron, and no timber under the hearth nearer than 18 inches, and to have flabs of tyle, ftope, marble, or iron, 18 inches broad; and no wood in the brick work of any oven, ftove, copper, (till, boiler, or furnace, within 2 feet of the infide, nor of any chimney nearer than 9 inches to the opening, or 5 inches to the flue; nor wood to the front of chimn.es, except fattened by iron nails, not more than 3 inches in the wall, or nearer than 4 inches of the infide; and no chimney to be erefi-ed or timber work, except below the foundation, and on brick or ttone corbels or iron (hores. fame aft, §45*

External walls to be of brick, (lone, artificial ttone, lead, copper, tin, flate, tyle, or iron, or mixed, except neceflary piling, &c. for foundation and templets, chains and bond timbers, and except doors, windows, &c. and the frames thereof fet in recedes 4 inches from the front, and except breattfummers, &c. and ftallboards for (flops in the ground ftory only; ftory pofts to be 2 inches in party-walls, and of oak or ttone, and 12 inches fquare: and flats, gutters, and roofs, of the firft five rates, and all turrets, &c, to be covered with glafs, copper, lead, tin, flate, tyle, or artificial ttone, except doors and windows, &c. fame afly § 46, 47*

External decorations to be of brick, ttone, burnt clay, or artificial flone, and alfo covered ways the fame, and no water to drip in the ftreets, &c. except from porticoes and entrances, but to be conveyed by trunks to the ground; no bow-windows to project beyond the line

But	48	5

of buildings, (except decorations, fhop windows, and ftallboards,) in flreets, 30 feet wide, not more than 10 inches, in letter ftreets 5 # inches, and no cornice more than 18 inches in ftreets of 30 feet, and 13 inches in letter ftreets; and materials of bow-windows and projections to be the fame as external walls; but not to affect the com-mifHoners of paving, or of fewers in London. fame aft, § 49, 50.

Old external walls may bs repaired with the fame materials as before, but if rebuilt to conform to this act; and no bow-window or projection to be rebuilt, unlefs originally built with the houfe, and in a line with the ftreet; no ftack of warehoufes to be above 35 fquares, or any communication through party-walls, unlefs by ttone door-cafes and iron-doors, and no timber within 18 inches; no tables more than 25 fquares, and the like doors, fame aft* § 51’to54-Buildings of the firft four rates (except inns of court and chancery, royal exchange, companies’ halls, warehoufes and dwellinghoufes* under 15/. per ann. rent) converted into two diftinft tenures to be deemed feparate buildings, and to have party-walls; but warehoufes under 35 fquares, and (tables under 25 fquares, may be divided, fame aft% §

55> 56> 57-Buildings of the 5th and 6th rates, in diftinft tenures, and not at requi-fite diftanejes, deemed nuifances; and no funnel for fmoke next the ftreet in the front of the firft four rates, and not nearer than 14 inches x>f timber, nor any brick funnel fo extend beyond the line of the ftreet; every building contrary to this aft, a common nuifance, and the builder may be bound to demolifh the fame Kka	ia



Digitized by v^ooQle

486	But

in covenicnt time, if conviction in 3 months after being built; the lord mayor and juftices may refpeCtively order irregular buildings to be taken down, and materials fold to defray thd expence, fame aft) § 59, 60, 61.

The lord mayor and aldermen, and juftices in feflions, may refpec-tively appoint furveyors, who are to be fworn, and leave * notice of their place of abode with the clerk of the peace; and to whom notice is to be given 24 hours before the beginning of any building, who is to furvey the fame* and to be paid by the builder,	. ,	,

/• S $ dm

For ift rate, new building 3 10 o Every alteration or addition -	-	1 15 o

2d rate, new building	330

Every addition, &c.	1 10 o

3d rate, new building	2100

Every addition, &c.	1	50

4th rate, new building 220 Every addition, &c.	1	1 o

5th rate, new building 1100 Every addition, &c. o 15 o 6th rate, new building 1	10

Every addition, &c.	0106

7th rate, new building o 10 6 Every addition, &c.	050

which may be levied by diftrefs on the matter workman with cofts; and* on.default of notice, treble fatisfac-tion to the furveyor, and 20/. penalty. fame aft) § 63, 64.

Surveyor to give information of irregular buildings, and the lord mayor and juftices to order the fame to be demolifhed or amended, and 50/. penalty on the workman, or to be committed not more than 3 months, nor under one, — Houfes, &c. to be furveyed in 14 days after finifhed, and the furveyor in 14 days more to make oath to be filed.

But

that fuch houfe, &c. is duly built, and the builder negleCling to have the fame done, to forfeit 10/. and if not done in a month after conviction, to forfeit 10/. more, and fo toties quoties every month; but the furveyor mifbehaving to be difeharg-ed, and incapable of adting again. fame aft, § 65, to 68.

Not to extend to the King’s palaces. fame aft, § 69.

When buildings arc prefented as ruinous, a hoard is to be put up; if owners, on notice, negledt to take down the fame, the court of lord mayor and aldermen, or churchwardens and overfeers of the poor (out of the city) may order the fame to be taken down, and the materials to be fold to pay the expence, and the furplus to be paid to the owner if demanded in fix years, and if deficient, the owner or occupier to make it good, and the landlord to allow the tenant what is fo paid. fame aft, § 70, 71.

Not more than 10 gallons of turpentine to be diftilled at once in buildings under 50 feet from others, on penalty of 100/. and treble cofts; but not to prevent fhipwrights, bargebuilders, &c. near the Thma from boiling or mixing oil, and other things, to pay (hips, barges, &c, fame aft, §72, 73.

Parilh officers to place on mains of waterworks, ftopblocks, and firecocks, 'and to mark the houfe near, and keep keys there; the firecocks to be kept in repair by the parilh, and the plugs by the owners of the water-works, and if changed the fame; and engines and ladders to be kept in every parifti, on penalry of 10/. on officers, to be levied by diftrefs, &c.; turncock whofe water comes firft to have ior. paid by the parifh officers; firft engine iL icj.

feccnd

Digitized by (^.ooQle

Bui

fecqnd engine i /. and third engine ioj. paid by the fame; but no reward without the approbation of an alderman or two common council men in London, and a juftice out; where officers pay rewards for fires in chimnies only, of firft beginning there, to be reimburfed by the occupier, as the mayor or juftice lhall direct, who may examine the parties or others on oath, and if not paid in 14 days, may be levied by diftrefs; united parishes to be deemed one, and parifhes may have more than one engine, under the like regulations; rewards to be paid out of the poors’ rates, fame aft, § 76, to 81.

Watermen belonging to infurance offices not to be imprelfed; directors of infurance offices may, on the re-queft of any perfon interefted in houfes burnt, or on fufpicion of fraud in infurer, caufe the money infured to be laid out in rebuilding, unlefs the party, in 60 days, give fecurity to lay out the fame, or that the money be difpofed of with the approbation of the directors; fer-vants carelefsly firing houfes, to forfeit 100/, or 18 month’s imprifon-ment. fame aft9 § 82, 83, 84.

Conftables and beadles, on notice, to repair to tires, and may feize mifdoers; no adtion againft a perfon where the fire accidentally begins ; and diftrefs for penalties, not unlawful for want of form, but the party aggrieved may recover fpecial damages; and the plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends before adtion, or may pay money into court before iffue joined, fame aff9 § 85, to 88.

Profecutions on 12 Geo. 3. c. 73. difeharged on amending buildings, as two furveyors (hall diredt, and on entering into rule fo to do, proceedings flayed, and the defendant in-

Bui	487

demnified; but if no application before the end of the next term after furveyor’s appointment, or no proof to the fatisfadlion of the court, the plaintiff may proceed, as for a contempt ; and the adl not to indemnify thofe againft whom final judgement hath been given before, fame ad7, § 89, to 92.

Irregular buildings eredled fince 12 Geo. 3. to be made fecure and altered, though no profecution, by order of the lord mayor and aider-

men,	or quarter feffions, filed, and to be reformed in 9 months, on penalty of 50/. and the like every 9 months till done; profecutions before juftices difeharged; but not to be removed by Certitrari, and appeals may be to the quarter feffions, who may give cofts, and the appellant to give fecurity for the fame; parifhoners may be witneffes; penalties may be lued for in 6 months, and adtions againft perfons adling under the adl in 3 months, and they may plead the general iflue, &c. apd have treble cofts. fame aft, § 93, to

loo.

Adi 12 Geo. 3. c. 73. and alfo 19 Car. 2. c. 3. 6 An. c. 31. 7 An. c. 17, 11 Geo. j. c. 28. 33	2.	c. 3c. 4

Geo. 3. c. 14. and 6 Geo. 3. c. 27. fo much as relates to party-walls, regulating buildings, and preventing mifr chiefs by fire, repealed. fame aft, § 101.

Bure River.

See Rivers.

Burton upon Trent.

See Paving.

Kk3	C.	CallU

Digitized by v^ooQle

Cal

C.

Callicoes.

PRINTED callicoes exported (except to Ireland, or to the King’s dominions in America) to pay a fubfidy of i s. for every 20 s. value. 5 Gee. 3. e. 35. vol. 26.

A drawback on Perfian, China, and Eaf India callicoes exported to Afri-in. 6 G**. 3. r. 52. vol\ 27.

No drawback on callicoes exported to the iflands of Madeira, Canary, or Azores. 13 Ge*. 3. r. 74. § 5. voL 30.

Camberwell and Peckham.

Sec Paving.

Qamlrich and French Lawns.

To enforce and amend the adls 18, 21 & 32 Gi*. 2. relating to the importing and wearing thereof. 7 Geo. 3. r. 43. w/. 27.

Not to be imported, except to London, and there only in Britijb (hips, and by licence of the com-miffioners of the cuftoms, on penalty of forfeiture, and alfo of- (hip, &c. and not in lefs quantity than preferred by 32 Geo. 2. Foreign (hips hovering with cambricks, &c. forfeiture of the (hip and goods; and if foreign cambricks are found in the cuftody of an hawker, forfeited with all his pack; home made cambricks to be (lamped, fame aiJ7, § 7.

Foreign cambricks feized to be fent to theKing’s warehoufes to be viewed, and afier condemnation, may he fold for exportation, and'the produce divided between the crown and the officer feizing; bond by the buyer to ex-

Car

port, but difeharged on certificate of their being taken by the enemy or loft at fea. fame aft, § 8.

Home made cambricks to be damped before cut out of the loom, on penalty of 5 /. and officer neglcft-ing his duty to forfeit 5 /. and damping goods after out of the loom 50/. and other perfons concerned in frauds 100 /. Goods found undamped, forfeited, and may be feized, and after condemnation, publickly fold, and the produce divided between the crown and the officer feizing; feller of undamped goods to forfeit 200/. and forging the damp, or felling under a counterfeit damp, felony without benefit of clergy, fame at?, § 22, to 18.

If doubtful where goods were ma-nufaflured, proof to He on the owner or claimer. fame at7, § 24.

Carts.

Any perfon may fearch the regiftcr of carts, carrs, and drays, kept by the com mi (Boners of hackney coaches, (according to 18 & 30 Geo. 2.) on paying four pence. 7 Geo. 3. t. 44. vol. 27.

All carts, &c. entered before the 16th of November, 1770, (when the office was burnt) to re-enter before the 29th of Sept. 1771, or liable to the former penalties. 11 Geo. 3. c.

28.	vol. 29.

So much of 6 Geo. 1. c. 6. as relates to the carriage of meal, malt, and coals, and 4 Geo. 3. c. 39. § 25. repealed. —fame year, c. 51. vol. 29.

Cattle.

Perfons indemnified for afling under an order of council, relating to the diftemper among horned cattle,

and

Digitized by v^ooQle

'	Cha

and the powers therein continued • io Geo. 3. c. 4. vol. 28.

For further preventing the fpread-ing of the diftemper, and the provi-fions extended to Scotland and Ire-land. 10 Geo. 3. c. 45. 12 Geo. 3. c.

51.	voU 29. 14 Geo. 3. c. 86. § 13. vol 30.

Live cattle and flefh provifions not to be exported till the twentieth day after the next feflion of parliament. 11 Geo. 3. c. 37. vol. 29.

Chancery.

Impowered to place out 80,000/. more of the fuitors’ money, to raife 200/. per aftn. for each matter. 5 Geo. 3. e. 28. vol. 26.

And 20,000 /. more, and to apply out oflthe ihtereft, to the accountant general per ann. 250/. to his firft clerk 50/. to his fecond clerk 40/. and to his fourth clerk 120/. and the furplus to be carried to account, as directed by 12 Geo. 2. c. 24. — 9 Geo. 3. c. 19. vol 28.

And to place out 50,000/. more, and out of the interett and furplus interett by 12 Geo. 2. c. 24. 5 Geo. 3. c. 28. and 9 Geo. 3. e. 10. to apply money by the chancellor’s order for rebuilding the fix clerks' office, and

10,000	/. for building the regitter’s and accountant general's offices; to be vetted in the accountant general, and his fuccettors. 14 Geo. 3. c. 43. vol. 30.

If any part of the 50,000 h be wanted for the fuitors, it may be ordered out of the general cafh. fame

alt, § 5.

Part of Lincoln's Inn garden vetted in the accountant general, in truft, for the purpofes iri the latt «6t, as to the regifter’s and accountant general's offices, free from taxes, (ex*

Cha	489

cept what is now paid for thofe offices). 15 Geo. 3. c. 22. vol 31.

For applying the fund by 14 Geo. 3. e. 43. for building the fix clerks' office in Lincoln's Inn garden, and for the fale of the old office. 15 Geo. 3> *• 56-

Chancery may order the charges of this, and alfo 3000 /. (befide the 10,000/.) for building the regifter's and accountant general’s offices, according to 14 Geo. 3. c. 43. 20 Gto. 3. u 33. vol 33.

Charter Party.

Every deed, note, letter. See. between the captain, matter, or owner, and the merchant deemed fuch. 5 Geo. 3. c. 35. § it. vol. 26.

Chatham, Kent.

For vetting lands, &c. in truttees for the better fecuring the dock there, &c. 20 Geo. 3. c. 49. vol. 33.

See Paving.

Chatham, Earl of.

An annuity of 4000/. per ann. granted out of the aggregate fund to the heirs of the late tViUiam Pitt9 to whom the title of ear4 of Chatham (hall defeend, payable quarterly, tax free, and without fee. May charge it with a jointure of 10001 per ann. but not to be incumbered longer than life of the party charging the fame. 18 Geo. 3, (. 65. vol 32.

Clapham, Surry.

For vetting ground in truttees to build a parifh church on. 14 Geo. 3. e. 1vol. 30,

K k 4	Che tier

Digitized by

49©

. Che.

Chefter.

For ere&ing lighthoufes and landmarks in the port of Chefter. 16 Geo.

3. c. 61. voL 31. — See Pilots.

For licenfing a theatre in the city of Chefter. 17 Geo. 3. c. 17. w/. 31.

Churches.

For rebuilding a church at Zfa/-terfea, in &rrry. 14 Gm. 3. r. 93. W* 3°\

For building a church at Buckingham. 17 G*0. 3. r. 32. W. 31.

Achurch in Northamptonjhire made a parifli church; Liford church to be taken down, and Acburch 'to be repaired. *8 Geo. 3. r. 9. w/. 32-

Churchwardens,

Paying the poor otherwife than in lawful money, to forfeit not lefs than 10 5. nor more than 20 s. to the poor. 9 G*0. 3. c. 37. W. 28.

Clergy.

See Felony.

Clerkenwell.

For budding a workhoufe for St. James's parifh, and for relief of the poor. 15 Gf*. 3. c. 23. vol. 31.

See Paving.

Coaches and Chairs.

Hackney coaches let out contrary to 9 vfntf. r. 23. liable to penalty, though no hiring is proved. 7 Geo. 3. r. 44. § 10. tm/. 27.

Jobb coaches, let for. more than a month, to be marked by an exciie

Coa

officer under the footboard, fame ail> §11.

Hackney coaches plying, obliged to go 10 miles from London. fane aft, § 12.

Fares of hackney chairs ; s. i. For one mile -	-	10

For a mile and four furlongs 1-6 For every 4 furlqngs further 0 6 By time, the firft hour -	16

Every half hour after -	-	0	6

fame at7, § 13.

Hackney coachmen mifbehaving, forfeit licence, fame aft, § 16.

Fare of a hackney coach for a day 12 5. 6 d. fame aft, § 17*

Liable to do the hke work on Sundays as on other days. Jameofty § 18-

Hackney coach acts continued. fame aft, § 19.

The lalt ad, as to jobb coaches being marked, repealed.	10 Geo. 3.5.

44. vol. 28.

Coinmiffioners may.commit offenders immediately to bridewell, or the houfe of correction, for a montii. Coachmen refufing to appear on fummons, to forfeit 105. After the third fummons, the comimflioners may determine the complaint. Tbs King’s part of the penalties to be paid to the receiver general in 10 days, on penalty of 10/. Jame &R.

Two hundred additional hackney coaches (making in the whole 1000) may be licenfed at 5 s. per week, 11 Geo. 3. c. 34. vol..29.

All fquares, buddings and ftreets, in the parifhes of St. Mary le Bent, St. George, Hanover Square, St. George the Martyr, Queen Squon, and St. George, Bloomfbury, and all burying grounds within five miles of London or JVeftminjhr, belonging to any parilh there, in the jurifdidlions of the commifiipners of hackney coaches. 1 \ Geo. 3, c. 28. § J. tW.29-

/

Digitized by Google

Coa

Commiflioners to order cheque firings, and 5 s. penalty to be without them, fame aft.

Aft 7 Geo. 3. c. 44. to extend to all coaches licenfcd, and plying within the bills of mortality, and the fuburbs of London and Wejlmin-Jler. 12 Geo. 3« c. 49*

Stage coaches, though numbered, having a writing denoting their being ftages, not compellable to carry fares out of the courfe of the ftage. fame aft.

An additional duty of 20 s' each on all coaches, &c. with 4 wheels, (except hackney coaches) and fiage coadhes, &c. with 4 wheels to pay 5/. per ann. So much of 20 Geo. 2. c. 10. as relates to perfons keeping more than live carriages, repealed. 16 Geo. 3. c. 34. vol. 30.

Four wheel carriages, carrying only four perfons for hire, by the fiage, to pay not only 5 s. per ann. for a licence, but alfo one halfpenny per mile fuch carriage travels, and a licence for each carriage. 20 Geo. 3. c. 51. § 2. 39. vol. 33-

Innkeepers, &c. furnifhing carriages, diligences, &c. to fix their names and places of abode thereon, on penalty of 5/. fame aft, § 7, 8. 44-

Coals.

An additional duty of 4s. per chaldron on exportation (except to Ire-land, the Ifle of Man, and plantations in America, 5 Geo. 3. c. 35. vol. 26.

Loading of coals at Newcajlle and Sunderland (except as to Mrs. Crowley awd company) 6 Geo. 3. c. 22. 13 Geo. 3. c. 22. vd. 27, 30.

So much of 19 Geo. 2. r. 35. as is not altered by 32 Geo. 2. c. 27. relating to the admeasurement of coals

Coa	491

in London and Wejlminjler continued.

6 Geo. 3. c. 35. eta/. 27.

Coals may be exported from New-cajlle, to /rr/ry yearly 350 chaldrons, to Guertifey 1000 chaldrons, and to Alderney 110 chaldrons; and from Swanfca to Jerfey 150 chaldrons, to Guemfey 150 chaldrons, and to Alderney no chaldrons, free of additional duty of 4*. per chaldron. 6 Geo. 3. c. 40. vol. 27.

For regulating the admeafurement of coals in London, and between Tower Dock and Limehoufe Hole. 7 3. r. 2$. vol. 27. —Continued to the firjl of June, 1798, ^17 Gm. 3. r. 13. vol. 31.

'i he duty of 6*/. per chaldron, and bd. per ton, on coals imported into London, eftablifhed by 5 & 6 IV. & M. c. 10. continued for 46 years, from the 29th of Sept. 1785, for completing Black Friar's bridge, redeeming the tolls of London bridge, rebuilding Newgate, repairing the Royal Exchange, and embanking part of the north tide of the river Thames; and then for paving the ftreets of Wejlminfler and Southwark, and other purpofes. 7 Geo. 3. c. 37. vol. 27.

A£t 31 Geo. 2. cl 76. relating to coal-heavers, repealed, and other regulations made, viz. coa] undertakers not to take reward for employing heaver, on penalty of 5/. Victuallers not to be undertakers,, on penalty of 5/. Perfons difeharging coal (hips, to be paid is. 6d. per fcore, fubjedf to alteration #by the court of lord mayor and aldermen 5 the money to be paid to the foreman of the gang in current coin ; leaving any fhip before difcharged, punifhable as fervants in hufbandry, except where otherwife directed; foreman may flop bd. per pound, till charges of the a£t are paid. 10 Geo. 3. c. 53. vol. 28.

Digitized by

492	Cdc

A& 31	Get. 2. 15. as	to culm

exported to Lifbony continued to the 25th of March, 1793. &c. The duty increafed to is.bd. per chaldron. 13 Geo. 3 c. 70. voL 30.

Keels, boats, waggons, &c. carrying coals at Newcaftky &c. to be mealured according to 6 & 7 W. 3. c. 10. and 11 Geo. 2. r. 15. The coal bufhel to be round with an even bottom, 19^ inches from out-fide to outfide, to contain one Win-ihtjler bufhef and one quart of water, according to 13 W. 3. c. 5. allowing 36 bufhels heaped to a chaldron, and 20 hundred, at ri2 pounds avoirdupoize per hundred, to the ton. 15 Geo. 3. c. 27. vol. 31.

Cochineal and Indico.

Free importation continued. 7 Geo. 3. c. 36. vol. 27. 14 Gw. 3. (. 86. §8. vol. 30.

Coffee^ Tea and Chocolate.

No coffee to be imported in lefs package than 112 pounds, and to be flowed openly in the (hip, or forfeited: importers of coffee, tea, and cocoa nuts, to enter the fame in 30 days after the (hip is reported, or forfeited; but not to extend to the Eajl India company. 5 Geo. 3. c. 43.

§ 34, iftc. vol. 26.

Ships under 50 ton, having 20 pound of coffee, or other forfeitable goods on board, coming from foreign parts, or hovering within two leagues of the fhore, may be feized, and the (hip and goods confifcated, according to 3 Geo. 3. c. 22. — fame

off* § 38.

Inland duty of 1 s. per pound on coffee by 32 Geo. 2. c. 10. to ceafe, and 6 d. per pound in lieu thereof on all coffee, not the produce of Britijh

C6f

America, befides the duties by 10 Gee. 1. c. 10. but not to extend to coffee warehoufed before July 5, 1765. 5 Geo. 3. c. 45. § 11, to 13. vol. 26.

Ad 28 Geo. 2. c. 21. not to prevent licences to import tea, according to 18 Geo. 2. c. 26. from any part of Europe, by any perfon befides the Eajl India company, but not to exceed the quantity in the licence, and in (hips navigated sc-cording to law. 6 Geo. 3. c. 13. voL 27-

Inland duty of 1 s. per pound on black or finglo tea cleared out of the company’s warehoufes, for home confumption, difcontinued for 5 years j and the cufloms drawn bade for the fame time, for all teas exported to Ireland and Britijh America diredly from the warehoufe where lodged, according to 10 Geo. i.c. 10. — 7 Geo. 3. c. 56. vol. 27.

Eajl India company to make good the deficiency, to be applied as the prefent duties, fame ally § 2.

Ad 21 Geo. 2. c. 14. repealed, and no tea to be exported to Ireland or Britijh America, but' in the original package, nor lefs than one lot. fame at7, $ 8.

Smuggled teas to be fold for exportation only, and not to be exported in lefs package than 50 pound, fame all, § 9.

The laft claufe for prohibiting the felling fmuggled teas for home confumption, repealed. 8 Geo. 3. c. 25.

§ 9. vol. 28.

Ad 7 Geo. 3. c. 56. explained and amended.— The Eajl India company, inflead of indemnity by the faid ad, are to pay in 5 years 718,966/. is. oj d.and by 5 July, 1772, 117,314/.

I s. 3i76d. to be applied according to the Yaid ad. An account to be taken, and if the revenue by the faid ad fhould not amount tQ 718,966/.

is.

Digitized by

Ccf

I s. of </. the company to make good the deficiency. 12 Geo. 3. c. 7. tw/.

29.

All dealers in tea to mark their canifters with the words Black or Green, according to their contents; by black tea is meant bohea, congo, fouchong, and pekoe, and by green tea all other except thofe. 12 Geo. 3. £. 46. VO I. 29.

Officer finding an increafe of ftock of tea, may feize the fame, unlefs a certificate produced of the duties paid, fame aft, § 3.

Sellers of tea under 6 lb. to keep diftinft accounts of the quantity and forts, fubjeft to the directions of 10 Geo. 1. c. jo 1 not more than 6 Ik* of tea to be removed by land or water without a permit, or forfeiture. fame all, § 4,5.

Selling tea in other (hops, &c. than thofe entered and approved by 10 Geo. 1. the feller to forfeit iol. and the tea. fame aft, § 6.

For 5 years, from July 5, 1772, three fifths of the cuftoms to be drawn back for teas exported to Ireland or Britijb America (except other-wife provided by this aft) direftly from the warehoufe, according to 10 Geo. 1. and 18 Geo. 2. and if to Ire-land, in (hips not lefs than 80 ton, on forfeiture of the tea and package. 12 Geo. 3. c. 60. vol. 29.

Entering tea for Ireland or Ameri-fa, and landing the fame in any other parts beyond fea, to forfeit the drawback and double the value of the tea; one moiety to the King, the other to the informer, fame oft, § 4> 5-

All cuftoms drawn back on teas fold 'at the company's faies, or imported by licence, according to 18 Geo. 2. and after exported as merchandize to Britijb America. 13 Geo. 3. c. 44. vol. 30.

Cof493

Every beft bidder at the company’s faies, to depofit 4 /. per tub or cheft of bohea tea. fame all, § 2.

Treafury may licence the Eajl In-dia company to export any quantity of tea to Britijb America, free of cuftoms, on entry and oath, and officer to write off the fame from warrant, of exportation; but no licence, unlefs ten millions of pounds are left in the company’s warehoufes. fame aft*

§ 3>t0 6-

Aft 5 Geo. 2. c. 24. for encouraging the growth of coffee, continued* (except what relates to the importation and exportation of foreign coffee to and from Britijb America. 14 Geo. 3. c. 86. § 7. vol. 30.

Dying or manufafturing floe or li-quorifh leaves or tea already ufed, or a(h, elder, or other leaves of any tree fhrub or plant, in imitation or tea, or mixing, colouring, ftaining, or dying the fame with terra japonica, copperas, fugar, molaffes, clay, logwood, or any other ingredients, or felling or having in cuftody any fuch, convifted on the oath of one witnefs before a juftice, to forfeit for every pound 5/. or to be committed for 12, and not lefs than 6 months, or till the penalty is paid. 17 Geo. 3. c.

29.	vol. 31.

Having more than 6 lb. of fuch leaves in poffeffion (except gathered with the confent of the owner of the trees, or for other ufes, to be proved in 24 hours) liable to the fame penalty. fame aft, § 2.

On oath of fufpicion of fuch leaves, juftices may grant a fearch warrant, and all leaves found to be deftroyed, and all perfons obftruft-ing, and occupiers of houfes, See. where found, privy thereto, liable to the fame penalty; one moiety to the informer, the oti^er to the poor, and

any

Digitized by Google

494	Cot

any parifhioner may be a witnefs, and juftice may ad.fame ally § 3, 7.

Sellers of cofree, tea, or chocolate, to take a licence from the cxcife at 5 s. each yearly, on penalty of 20/. but partners need not take more than one licence for one houfe. 20 Geo. 3. c. 35. vol. 33.

Coffee imported by the Eafl India company in the fliip Europa in 1775, and remaining uncleared, may be exported for 7 years from the time of importation, and to have a drawback as if exported in 3 years. 20 Geo. 3. e. 58. vol\ 33.

Coin.

Silver coin not ftandard in weight and finenefs, not to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, and if above 5lb. found aboard any fliip,&c. or upon any perfon coming from the water-fide, and on fearch, according to 14 Car. 2. c. u. if ftandard to be re-ftored, but if not, forfeited, and to be feized and melted down. 14 Geo.

3. c. 42. vol 30.

No tender of more than 25/. in filver good, but according to weight at 5 5. 2 d. per ounce, fame ably § 2. — Continued to May 1, 1783, by 18 Geo. 3. r. 45. vol. 32.

See Money.

Common Fields.

Three fourths in number and value of occupiers of common fields, with the confent of the owners, rector, impropriator, and tithe owner, on notice, may meet and make rules for cultivation, &c. to continue fix years. 13 Geo. 3. c. 81. § 1, 2.

Majority to choofe field reeve to fuperintend fencing, cultivation, &c. and expences to be paid in propor-

Com

tion to the value of land, &c. fame nbly § 3> 4*

Occupiers, &c. to fix the time of opening, &c. but cottagers having right of common not excluded, nor thofe having feparate ftieepwalb. fame aflr to § 10.

May enjoy (hares feparately on the terms in the ad, and alter the manner of depafturing, &c. fame ably § 2°. ' Hufbands, guardians, truflees, committees, or known agents of feme coverts, minors, lunaticks, or perfons beyond fea, and tenants in tail,' and by the curtefy, or for life, enabled to fign agreements as owners or occupiers, fame ally § 22.

Owners of tithes of common fields, letting them for fix years, not to take fines, and the rent to be payable half yearly; but no agreement of occupier good, without the confent of the proprietor in writing, fame ad, §25-

Commtjfioners and Trufiees.

Under ad of this feftion, the timi of their firft meeting enlarged to a fortnight after the feffion. 17 Geo. 3. c. 26. vol. 31.

Companies.

For carrying on particular trades or dealings with joint ftocks. No member to vote in general courts, unlefs poflefled of his ftock fix months (except acquired by bequeft, marriage, fucceflion to inteftate’s eftate, cuftom of Londony or Settlement). Oaths, See. required to be conformable to this ad. No declaration of any dividend, but at half yearly or quarterly general court, five months from the Jaft declaration, and only for half a year; and no

dividend

Digitized by v^ooQle

Con

dividend to be increased, but by ballot in three days after the court. 7 Geo. 3. c. 48. vol. 27.

Conies.

See Warrens.

Conjlables.

Every three months to deliver to the overfeers of the poor an account of his expences for the parilh, to be fettled in 14 days, and paid if approved by the parifh, if not to be fettled by a jodice, with an appeal to the next general or quarter feffions, who may give cods. 18 Geo. 3. c. 19. vol. 32.

In corporations or liberties, not having four juftices, appeal may be to the next general or quarter feffions of the county, fame afiy § 4,5,6.

Copper.

Adis 9 & 10 W. 3. c. 26. and 12 An. ft. 1. c. 18. as to exporting imported copper continued. 14 Geo. 3. c. 86. vol. 30.

The King may by proclamation prohibit the exportation or carrying coaftwife any copper in fheets or bars, fubjedt to forfeiture, and alfo 100/. per hundred weight; and the like penalty, with treble the value, for affiding therein, and the like by the mader of the (hip for taking on board; a moiety to the King, and the other to the officer feizing. 20 Geo. 3. c. 59. vol. 33.

Cordage.

For allowing for 5 years a bounty of 2s. 4\d. per hundred weight on Britijh made cordage from Britijb hemp (except of America) exported.

Cor	49	5

to be paid out of the duties on hemp imported, but not to extend to twice laid. 6 Geo. 3. c. 45,, vol. 27. — See Hemp.

Continued for 5 years more, but no bounty for cordage exported to Afia, Africa, America, ifle of Man, or iilands of Faro or Ferro. 12 Geo. 3. c. 60. § 7, 8. vol. 29.

No drawback on cordage exported to the idands of Madeira, Canary, Azores^ or wedern iflands. 13 G*?. 3. f. 74 § 5. vol. 30. — Further conti-nued by 14 Geo. 3. c. 86. vol. 30. and 17 Geo. 3. r. 44. § 5. vol. 31.

Corn and Grain.

No corn, grain, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifcuit, or Aarch, to be exported, on forfeiture with 20;. per bufhel for corn, and 12 d. per pound for bread, and the fhip, See. (except neceflary provifion for (hip's crew, or the King’s forces abroad, or carried coadwife, or to Ireland, Gibraltar, Minorca, or American Britijh colonies, and beans for Britijh forts in Africa, or corn for the Eajl Indies, or wheat, malt, or barley from Southampton to Jor fey or Guernfey for the ufe of the inhabitants there, not more than 5000 quarters; alfo except malt made for exportation before the adl and rice). 6 Geo. 3. c. 5. vol. 27. — Amended by 7 Geo. 3. c. 40. vol, 27.

The King may by proclamation allow exportation before Augufl 26, 1766. 6 Geo. 3. c. 5. § 12. vol. 27.

The like prohibitions and exceptions, and alfo except corn, &c. for the Britijh fifhery in America, ifland of Alderney, from Exeter to the ifle of Man for the ufe of the inhabitants there, not more than 2500 quarters, and no drawback or bounty on corn fo exported. 7 Geo. 3. c. 3. vol. 27.

From

Digitized by

496	Cor

From Sept. 29,1765, all that juftices of peace may do by 1 Jac. 2. c. 19. (as to fetting prices of corn, &c.) may be done by the mayor, aldermen and juftices in the city of Lon-don, at their quarter feflions in Janu~ ary and July, as well as in April and Oftober yearly, on the oaths of houfe-keepers of Middlefex and Surry (not cornchandlers, mealmen, factors, merchants, or interefted in com to be imported). 6 Geo. 3. c. 17.

Wheat and flout may be imported, duty free, from Britijh America, till Auguft 1, 1767, on entry at the port of exportation, and carried coaftwife. 7 Geo. 3. c. 4. vol. 27.

The like from any part of Europe till March 1, 1767. fame year, c. 5.

To indemnify perfons a&ing under an order of council of the 6th of September, 1766, for an embargo on (hips laden with wheat or flour, and if any addon brought after the laft day of Michaelmas term, 1766, the defendant may plead the general ifliie; and to have double cofts. fame year, e. 7. vol 27.

Oats and rye, and meal thereof, may be imported, duty free, or carried coaftwife, till Sept. 29, 1767, on entry at the port of importation. fame year, c. 8. w/. 27/

For importing, duty free, from any part of Europe% till June 1, 3767, and which may alfo be carried coaftwife wheat and flour, barley and meal, peas, beans, tares, or callivan-ces. fame year, c 7. vol. 27. — Continued to Sept. 10, 1767. fame year, c. 22.

TJie laws prohibiting the exportation of corn, grain, &c. which would expire before next feflion, continued. 8 Geo. 3. c. 1. vol. 28.

Continued till 20 days after the commencement of the next feflion, but not to extend to wheat, flour.

Cor

malt, barley, bread, bifcuit, or pen, from Southampton only to Guernfey, and Alderney, not more than 5000 quarters; nor to wheat, barley, oats, meal and flour, not more than 2500 quarters to the iHe of Man, nor to wheat not more than 200 quarters, nor bread or bifcuit not above 15 tons to Britijh forts in Africa, but to be no drawback, and the a<5t may be abridged by parliament. fame aft, § 2, to 6.

Continued as to rice from North America, and wheat. See, from Em-rope and Africa ; 6 d. per pound on rice imported, duty free on exports* don. fame year. c. 2. vol. 28.

Indian corn and maize may be imported duty free from Britijb America. fame year, c. 3. vol. 28. — Continued by 9 Geo. 3. c. 1. 10 Geo. 3. e. 1. vol. 28.

5000 quarters of bigg, the produce of the ifles of Orkney, may be (hipped from Kirkwall to Portugal, but no bounty thereon. 9 Geo. 3. c. 41. § 10. vol. 28.

Juftices at Michaelmas quarter fef-fions to order weekly returns of wheat, rye, barley, oats, beans, and bigg, from not lefs than fix market towns in the county, and appoint perfons to make fuch returns, to be laid before them four times in the year, and on negleft to appoint others, and on juftices’ negledt, trea* fury may appoint. 10 Geo. 3. c. 39. vol. 28.

In London the meal-weighers to make the like weekly returns by the Winchejler bufhel of 8 gallons; to be paid 2 s. for each return out of the county rates, fame aft, § 2.

Treafury to appoint a perfon to receive fuch returns, and enter the fame in a book, and to pub!i(h in the Gazette, and four times a year certify the fame to the clerk of the

peace;

Digitized by Google

Cor

peace; and fuch perfon to be free of portage, fame aft, § 6.

Account of corn exported and imported, and duties and bounties, to be tranfmitted by the commiffioners of the cuftoms yearly, to fuch perfon who is to keep an account thereof $ to continue 7 years, fame aft, § 8.*— Continued for 7 yean more. 17 Geo. 3. c. 44. vol 31. — Further continued by 21 Geo. 3. c. 29. w/. 33.	*

Cornwall

Power to make leafes, &c. of lands, &c. parcel of or annexed to the dutchy. 8 Geo. 3. c. 26. w/. 28. 16 Geo. 3. r. 10. vol. 31.

For compleating and maintaining the pier at Mevagifley in Cornwall 15 Geo. 3. c. 62. vol. 31.

See Gaols.

Corporations.

Any perfon intitled to freedom, Applying to the mayor, or other im-powered to admit freemen, and fpe-cifying his claim thereto, on being retufed, in one month the court of King9* Bench may grant a Mandamus to compel admiiTion, and the mayor, &c. to pay cofts, &c. Two freemen may infpeit entries of admiflions, and take copies, on penalty of 100 /• 12 Geo. 3. c. 21. vol. 29.

Cofts.

On appeals upon the ait for regulating apprentices, and other per fons working under contrail, juftices may award cofts. 6 Geo. 3 c. 25. § 5. W. 27.

The like on appeals upon the general turnpike aits, but not more than 40/. fame year, c. 43. § 10. vol. *7-

Cof	497

The like as to meaftiring of coals. 7 Geo. 3. c. 23. § 23. vol. 27.

In actions for any thing done in purfuance of the ait for fecuring Hogarth's prints, &c. if verdiit for the defendant, &c. full cofts. fame year, c. 38. § 8. vol. 27.

On appeals as to penalties in the ait for the navigation of the river Lea, the appellant fubjeit to cofts. fame year, c. 51. vol. 27.

The like as to the ait relating to taylors, juftices may award cofts; and in aitions for aiting under the fame, full cofts. 8 Geo. 3. c. 17. §. 8, io. vol 28.

On appeals againft penalties in the ait about dealing dogs, juftices may award cofts. 10 Geo. 3. c. 18. § 4. vol 28.

The like in regard to the gamef fame year, c. 19. § 4. vol 28.

The like as to bricks and tyles. fame year, c. 49. §11. 17 Geo. 3. c.

42.	§ 8. vol 31.

Perfons aiting under the ait for prohibiting the exportation of com, &c. in Scotland, if fued to recover their real expences. 13 Geo. 3. r. 3. § 26. vol 30.

The like as to the wages of ft Ik manufacturers, to recover full cofts. fameycar, c. 68. vol 30.

On appeals againft penalties in the ait as to woollen manufactures, juftices may award cofts. 14 Geo. 3. c.

25.	§ 7. vol 30.

The like on conviction as to manufacturers’ wages, fame year, c. 44.

§ 5-

The like as to books given to the univerfities (in Scotland) full cofts. 15 Geo. 3. c. 53. § 7. vol 31.

On appeals againft penalties fer deer Healing, juftices may award cofts. 16 Geo. 3. c. 30. § 21. vol. 31. — See Juftices of the Peace.

On mdiitments or prefentments >	-as

Digitized by Google

' 498	Cof

as to highways, court may award cofts to either party. 13 Geo. 3* c. 78.

§ 78. vol. 33.

Cofts, Double.

Perfons fued for acting under an order of council of Sept. 6, 1765, as to the embargo on (hips laden with corn, if verdidl for the defendant, &c. to have double cofts. 7 Geo. 3. • c. 7. vol. 27.

The plaintiff to have the like in adlions for penalties on the general highway adl. fame yeary c. 42.

The defendant to have the like in adlions for adling under the adl for the navigation of the river Lea. fame yeary c. 51. §116. vol. 27*

The like for adling under the adl as to raw hides imported from Ire-land. 9 Geo. 3. c. 39. § 9. vol 28.

The like for adting under the orders of council as to the diftemper amongft horned cattle. 10 Geo. 3. c.

24.	§ 4. vol. 29.

The like upon the adl as to the additional number of hackney coaches. 11 Geo. 3. c. 28. § 4. vol. 29.

The fame as to the punifhment of hackney coachmen, fame afl> §

5*

The like under the adl for efta-blilhing the marine fociety. 12 Geo.

3. c. 67. § 20. vol. 29.

The like for adling under the adls for draining Bedford Level. 13 Geo.

3. c. 40, 45. 15 Geo. 3. r. 12. 18 Geo.

3. c. 24. vol. 30, 31, 32.	^

The like as to adling under the adl relating to the hat manufadlory.

17 Geo. 3. c. 55. § 10. vol. 31.

Engraving prints without the con-fent of the proprietor, fubjedt to damages and double cofts. Jameyear, c. 57. vol. 31.

The defendant to have double cofts in adlions for adling under the

Cof

adl relating to fmall debts in the Tower hamlets. 19 Geo. 3. c. 68. § 29. vol. 32.

. The like in adtions for adling in fuppreffmg riots. 20 Geo. 3. c. 63. vol. 33.	j

The like as to paving the ftreetsof Colchejler. 21 Geo. 3. c. 30. vol. 33.

Cofts, Treble.

Perfons fued for adling under any of the following adls, if the plaintiff is nonfuit, difeontinue, or verdift or judgment given for the defendant, to have treble cofts.

As to buildings within the bills of mortality. 4 Geo. 3. c. 14. § n. 6 Geo. 3. c. 37. § 11. 12 Geo. 3. c. 73.

§ 45. 14GV0.3. c. 78. § 100. vd.2bj 27,29,30.

As to the duties on cyder and perry, &c. 4 Geo* 3. c. 7. § 9. 6 Geo.

3. c. 14. § 22. vol. 26, 27, 29.

As to duties on Britifh colonies, if fued either in Great Britain or America. 4 Geo. 3. c. 15. § 47. vol 26.

5 Geo. 3. c. 12. § 63. vol. 26. 7 Gw.

3. c. 46. § 10. vol. 27.

As to the importation of provifions from America. 4 Geo. 3. c. 28. § 6. vol. 26.

As to Englijh cambricks. 4 Geo. 3.

*. 37. § 30. vol. 26.

As to paving Weftminfttr, &c. and Sunday tolls. 4 G*0. 3. c. 39. § 28. w/. 26. 5 G/0. 3. r. 13. 50. % 30. vs!.

26.	11 6V0. 3. r. 26. § 76.	29.

As to fmall debts at Dencafer.

4 Geo. 3. r. 40. vol. 26.

The like at Kiritby in Kendal, fame year, r. 41. tW. 26.

As to the importation of faked provifions from Ireland. 5 Geo. 3. r.

1.	§ 5. W. 26.

As to the free importation of cattle from the fame, jame year, c. io- §

2.	vol. 26.

As to annuities and lotteries. 5

Gw.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Cof

Geo. 3. c. 23. § 55. Se c. 42. § 7. vol.

26. 6 Geo. 3. r. 21. §7. Se c. 39. § 41. vol. 27. 7 Gw. 3. c. 24, 25,« 26. vol. 27. 8 Geo. 7. c. 29. & 31. tW. 28. 10 Geo. 3. r. 36. & 46. vol. 28. 11 Geo. 3. r. 47. § 26. w/. 29. 12 Geo. 3. r. 63. § 26. vol. 29. 14 Gw. 3. r. 76. tw/. 30. 15 Geo. 3. c. 41. vol. 31. 16 Geo. 3. c. 34. vol. 31. 17 Geo. 3. r. 46. vol. 31. 18 Gw. 3. c. 22. vol. 32. 19 Geo. 3. r. 18. & 21. vol. 32. 20 Gw. 3. c. 16. vol. 33. 21 Geo. 3. c. 14. vol. 33.

As to poftage of letters. 5 Geo. 3.

o.	25. § 27. vol. 26. 7 Geo. 3. r. 50. § 8. w/. 27.

As to exporting callicoes to Africa. 5 Geo. 3. c. 30. § 12. vol. 26.

As to additional doty on coals.

5	Geo. 3. c. 35. § 12. vol. 26.

As to the general adfc relating to turnpike roads. 5 Geo. 3. r. 38. S 11. vol. 26. 7 Geo. 3. r. 40. § 50. vol. 27. 13 Gw. 3. c. 84. § 85. vol. 30.

As to the revenues of the ifle of Man. 5 Geo. 3. c. 43. § 47. vol. 26.

As to the additional (lamp duties. fame year, c. 46. § 44. vol. 26.

As to the judges’ additional falary. fame year, r. 47. § 12. vol. 26.

As to woollen cloths made in Tori-fame year 9 c. 51. § 30. w/. 26. As to the mutiny a£ts. 6 Geo. 3. c. 8.18. 23. vol. 27.

As to the manufacture of leather gloves, fame year, c. 10. § 10. vol.

27.

As to the paving ftreets in South-st/jri, &c. 6 Geo. 3. r. 24. § 91. vol.

26.	11 Geo. 3. r. 17. § 9. vol. 29.

As to the paving ftreets in London.

6	Geo. 3. r. 26,27. w/. 26. 8 Gw. 3. e. 21. §97. vol. 28.

As to (ewers, &c. there. 11 Gw. 3. r. 29. § 118 vol. 29.

As to the importation of foreign wrought (ilk. 6 Gw. 3. (. 28. § 14. vol. 27.

Vol. XXXIII.

Cof	499

As to framework knitting, fame yeart c. 29. % 11. tw/. 27.

As to light houfes in the river Humber, fame year, e. 31. § 17. xw/»

27.	12 Gw. 3. r. 17. tw. 29.

As to widening the ftreets of 2?ri-fiol. 6 Gw. 3. r. 34. vol. 27.

As to the duty on windows, fame year, r. 38. § 15. vol. 27.

As to bounty on Briti/b cordage. fame year, r. 45. § 10. vol. 27.

As to additional duty on fpirits imported, fame yearyc. 47. § 5. voL

27.

As to duty on Eafl India goods, &c. exported to America, fame year, c. 52. § 32. vol. 27.

As to the prohibition of the exportation of corn, &c. 7 Gw. 3. c. 3. § 25. vol. 27. 8 Geo. 3. c. 1. § 24. w/. 28. 11 Gw. 3. e. 1. § 24. 13 Geo. 3. r. 3. § 26. vol. 30.

As to the duty on the importation of tallow, &c. difeontinued. 7 Geo. 3. c. \2. § 3. vol. 27.

As to the admeasurement of coals. fame year, r. 23. § 25. vol. 27.

As to the com pleating Black Fry-bridge, See. in London, fame year3 c. 3. § 70.	27.

As to the general aCt about highways. fame year, r. 42. § 55. vol. 27. *3 Gw. 3. c. 78. § 81. tW. 30.

As to fmuggling of cambricks and French lawns. 7 Geo. 3. c. 43. § 23. vol. 27.

As to hackney coaches, &c, fame year9 c. 44. § 22. vol. 27.

As to.the duties on filks, See: fame year, r. 47. § 10. vol. 27.

As to the pier of St. Ives, in Cornwall, fameyear9 c. 52. vol. 27.

As to draining lands, Sec. 7 Geo. 3- r. 53. pol. 27. 12 Gw. 3. c. 26. vol. 29. 13 Gw. 3. r. 19, 20, 39,46, 49, 60. vol. 30. 14 Geo. 3. r. 16, 23. 15 Geo. 3. e. 65, 66. vol. 31. 19 Gw/

3	'• 33> 34-	3**

LI	As

Digitized by ^.ooQle

As to drawback, &c. on exporting teas to Inland. 7 Geo. 3. c. 56. § 10. vol. 27.

As to the duties on foul fait, &c.

8	Geo. 3. c. 25. § 11. vol. 28.

As to opening paflages in St. Leo-nard, Shoreditch. fame year, c. 33. § 86. w/. 28.

As to building of (hirehalls, &c.

9	Gw. 3. r. 29. § q. w/. 28.

As to the hoipital for penitent proftitutes, (called the Magdalen), fame yeary c. 31. tw/. 28.

As to raw filk imported from America, famt year, c. 38. vol. 28.

As to the general militia a St. fame year, t. 42. vol. 28.

As to the diftemper amongft horn* ed cattle* 10 Geo. 3. c. 4. Sc 45. vol.

28.

As to the duty on draw hats, See. fame year, c. 43. § 6. vol 28.

As to falfe weights, &c. fame year, €. 44. § 9. Vol. 28.

As to coalheavers, See. fame year,

€• 53* $ 15*	*8-

As to continuing the tolls of Lon-don bridge, &c. 11 Geo. 3. r. 26. § 7. «/*/. 29.

As to filheries in the river Tweed, fame year, c. 27. § 13. w/» 29.

As to gunpowder, fame year, e. 35. § 10. 12 Geo. 3 c. 61. § 27. vol. 29.

As to the prohibition of the ex* portation of live cattle. 11 Geo. 3. c.

37.	§ 12. vol. 29.

As to the navigation of the river Thames from London to Cricklade. 11 Geo. 3. t. 45. § 52. vol. 29. 14 Geo. 3. c. 91. § 22. vol. 30.

As to the bounty on the importation of white oak (laves. See. from America. 11 Geo. 3. c. 5©. §. 10. vol.

29.

As to the harbour of Great Yar~ mouth, ii Geo. 3. c. 14. vol. 29.

As to the lighting, &c. of l/ington. fame year, c. 17. vol. 29.

As to the revenue of excife on tea, &c fame year, c. 46. § 21. vol. 29.

As to timber tor the navy, &c. fame year, e. 54. § 5. yol. 29.

As to the aCt refpcCting frauds in the trade between Great Britain and Ireland, fame year, c. 55. § 6. vol. 29.

As to the drawback on tea, &c., exported to Ireland. 12 Geo. 3. c. 60.

§ 13. vol. 29.

As to the relief of the poor in St. Sepulchre's parifh. fame year, c. 68. vol. 29.

As to paving Tottenham Court road. fame year, c. 60. vol. 29.

As to the plate-glafs manufactory. 23 Geo. 3. c. 38. §32. vol 30.

As to the earl or Tbanet's canal at Sktpton. fame year, e. 47. vol. 30.

As to moor game, ice. fame year, e. 55. § 12. vol. 30.

As to publick highways, fame year, e. 78. vol. 30.	,

As to the regulation of the lying-in hofpital. fame year, c. 82. $ 17. vol. 30.

As to Richmond bridge, in Surrj, fame year, e. 83. vol 30.

As to the trade to Bojien in America, prohibited. 14 Geo. 3. c. 19. § 11. vol. 30.

As to madhoufes. fame year, c. 49. § 33. vol. 30.

As to quays, &c. at Hull, in Yeti-Jbire. fame year, e. 56. vol. 30.

As to the exporting of utenfils ufed in the cotton manufactory, &c. fame year, c. 71. vol 30. 21 Gee! 3. c. 37. vol. 33.

As to diitillers. 13 Geo. 3. e. 73. § 17. vol 30.

As to the workhoufe in St. Saviour's parlfli, Southwark, fame yep, (. 75. vol 10.

As to the driving of cattle within the bills of mortality, fame year, c. 87. § 13. vol. 30.

As to regulating the government

of

Digitized by Google

Cof

of Quebec, fame year, e. 8§. § 7.

30.

As to retraining the trade with North America' 15 Geo. 3. c. 10, & 18. 16 Geo.3. c.5. § 41.	31.

As to meafuring waggons, &c. ufed for coals, &c. 15 Geo. 3. c. 27.

§ 7. vol. 31.

As to nlheries. fame year, c. 31. & 46; 16 Gw. 3. r. 36. w/. 31.

As to promiflory no^s under 20;. IS Gw. 3. r. 51. § 12. vol. 31.

As to pilots at Boflon% in Lincoln-,^/rr. 16 Gw. 3. r. 23. vol. 31.

As to deer Healing, fame year, c.

30.	§ 24- w/. 31.

As to the prevention of fires at Briftol. fame year] c. 33. voh.31.

Infolvents bringing actions, if nonfuit, &c. fame year, c. 38. § 36. yol. 31.. 18 Geo. 3. r. 52. § 40. wi. 32. 21 Gw. 3. c. 63. vc?. 33.

Gaolers making falfe entries, for-, feit 500/. and alio treble cofts. fame two afls, § 44. 48.

As to alts for the puniftunent of criminals by hard labour, £tc. 16 Geo. 3. c. 43. § 21. vol. 31.

As to commUfions of reprif^l. 17 Geo. 3. c. 8. § 22. vol. 31.

As tp manufactures of worded, &c. fame year, c. 11. § 24. vol.xy.

As to tolls on the river Thames, fame year, *. 18. § 4,2. vol. 31.

As to the duty on fervants and glafs, &c. fame year7 c. 39. § 43. vol.

31.	21 Geo. 3- r. 31. vol. 33.

As to fmuggling by Eajl India Q)ips. .17 Geo. 3. c.41. §6. W. 31. As to the duty on auctioneers, &c.

year, r. 50. § 28. va/. 31.

As to the duty on foap, &c. jw/, r. 52. § 18. vol. 31.

As to frauds of manufacturers, Uc. fame yeary c. 56. § 25. vol. 31.

As to the tax on houfes, &c. 18 Geo. 3. c. 26. §45. 19	3-	<-	59-	§

21. vol.32.

Cof50I

As to paving the footpaths in White Chapel road. 18 Geo. 3. c. 37. vol. 32.

As to the furplus of the orphan’s fund in London, fame year, c. 48, 71,

7^73- vol. 32.

As to recruiting foldiers, &c. fame yearsS3- § 29. vol. 32.

As to the building a feffions houfe in Middlefex. fame year* c. 67. tW.32.

As to the duty on Itarch, &c. 19 Gw. 3. r. 40. § 23. 20 Geo. 3. c. 52.

§ 10. t*/. 33.

The like on pod horfes, &c. 19 Gw. 3. c. 51. § 40. v*/. 32. 20 <?w.

3. r. 51. §58. W. 33.

As to tbe duty on parchment, &c. 19 Geo. 3. c. 66. § 14. «/<?/. 32. .

As to fmuggling (general alt). fameyeary c. 69^ § 35. vol. 32. 21 Gw. 3. c. 39. vol. 33.

As to providing a place for the confinement of convilts liable tp be tranfporred. 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. § 71. w/. 32.

As to the bridge at Newcajle. fame yeary c. 78. t*/. 32.

As to the duty on legacies. 20 Gw. 3. e. 28. § 10. vs/. 33.

As to the like on malt, fame year, c. 35. § 25. W. 33.

As to the like on fait, fame year, r. 34. § 9. vol. 33.

As to lighting Gofwell drect. fame year, r. 48. vol. 33.

As to lands purchafed for Sheernefi and Chatham yards, and Tilbury fort. 21 Gw. 3. c. 10. vol. 33.

As to the duty on paper-makers. fame yeary c. 24.

As to the bridge over the river Adur. fame yeary c. 35.

As to cleanfing, &c. the Hreets of the Devifes. fame year, r. 36.

As to fmall debts at Beverley in Torkjbire. fame year, r. 38.

As to the profanation of the Lord’s day. fame yeary e. 49.

L I 2	As

Digitized by Google

502	Cot

As to the duty on cocoa nuts, &c. fame year, c. 55.

As to the duty on almanacks. fame yeary e. 56.

As to driving cattle in London. fame yeary c. 67.

As to the poor, &c. at Plymouth. fame yeary e. 72.

As to the new gaol at Gloucefer. fame year9 c. 74..

*	As to the navigation of the river Stower. fame year, r. 75.

Cottages.

A& 31 FA'z r. 7. repealed. 15 Gr*. 3. r. 32. w/. 31.

G0//0#.

Only per yard fquare to be paid on fluff wholly made of cotton fpun in Great Britain, and printed, &c. All perfons may wear the fame. 14 Geo. 3. c. 72. § 1, 2. w/. 3°*

To be marked with three blue ftripes, wove in each piece on the felvage, and ftamped by the commif-lioners of excife. fame afl9 § 3.

Selling without the mark (except muflins, neckcloths and fuftians) •unlefs for exportation, to forfeit the goods and 50/. per piece, fame aff9 §4*

Not to extend to cotton velvets, \elverets, or other fuftians. Com-milfioners of the excife to provide damps, and death to counterfeit the fame, fame a&y § 8.

Importing fuch fluffs, to forfeit the fame, with 10 /. per piece. Celling counterfeits, death. Undamped fluffs m*y be fearched for ?nd lei zed, and the Onus probandi to lay on the owner. A moiety of the penalties to the King, the other to

•	the informer, fame afi.

Cov

Cotton wool of the growtty or produce of Britijb America, may be exported from Great Britain duty free. 19 Geo. 3. c. 53. vol. 32.

Cotton and cotton wool imported in foreign (hips, or now in the King’s warehoufes, to pay \\d. per pound duty, and alfo 5/. per cent. by 19 Geo. 3. and no drawback on exportation. 20 Geo. 3. c. 45. vol. 33.

Covent Garden Parifh.

May purchafe ground for a work-houfe and additional burying ground. 15 Geo. 3. c. 50. vol. 31.

Covent Garden Playhoufe.

For fecuring a fund for charitable ufes of indigent players thereof under certain truftecs. 16 Geo. 3. c. 31. vol. 31.

Coventry•

For providing a maintenance for the vicar of the parilh of Trinity there, la Geo. 3. c. 57. vol. 32.

For eflablifhing certain payments to the vicar of Saint Michael in lieu of tithes, and for repealing a private a<5t of 4 & 5 P. & M. No. 5. relating to the tithes of the fame parilh. 19 Geo. 3. c. 60. vol 32.

Courts Martial.

So much of 22 Geo. 2. e. 33. as relates to members of courts martial going on (hore during a trial repealed, and the trial not to be delayed by the abfence of any member, if a fufficient number remain, but none to be abfent except on extraordinary occafions. 19 Geo. 3. t.

17.	vol. 32.

The 22 and 13th articles in n

Get.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Cou

Geo. 2. altered, and the court may inflift death, or fuch other punifh-ment, as the offender may deferve. fame off, § 3. vol. 32.

Courts of Stepney and Hackney .

For regulating the fees, &c. there* 21 Geo. 3. c. 73. yol 33.

Cop's Mufeum.

To be difpofed of by lottery. 13 Geo. 3. t. 41. vol. 30.

Cujioms.

Unentered goods found concealed in packages fent to the King’s ware-houfe, or brought on (hore by fpe-cial fufferance, and not foecified, forfeited. 5 Geo. 3. c. 43. § 1. vol,

26.

Goods paying ad valorem underrated, may be carried to the King’s warehoufe, and the colleftor to pay the proprietor the value (worn to, and 10/. per cent, and the goods to be fold, and a moiety of the furplus to go to the officers concerned, and the other to the finking fund. fame § 2.

Officers feizing and not profecut-ing, inftead of a moiety, to have only one third of the value, fame aft, §

39-

Adis 5 Geo. 1. e. x 1. and 8 Geo. 1. c. 18. a$ to running goods, continued (except as to (hips performing quarantine). 7 Geo. 3. c. 35. vol. 27. 14 Geo. 3. c. 86. § 2,4. vol. 30.

Foreign filk and thread lace, and needlework, feized, &c. to be fold for exportation only. 7 Geo. 3. c. 47. § 9. vol. 27.

Wrought Oiks and velvets, and other works made thereof, and cam-

Cuf	503

bricks and French lawns, feized in Great Britain, to be depo/ited in the next cuftom houfe, till condemned, unlefs moved by order of the com-miffioners, who are to caufe the fame to be marked, and then may be brought to the King’s warehoufe at London or Edinburgh, to be fold for exportation. 8 Geo. 3. c. 25. § 10. vol. 28.

Certain goods enumerated not to be moved by land from outports to London, without certificate of the duties paid, nor if imported or feized in London, to be fent into the country, unlefs bought at publick fale. 9 Geo. 3. c. 41. val. 28.

Officers of the cuftoms at Sene-gambia to take the fame fees as taken in BarbadoeSy and the commanding officer to affifl officers on duty, and not not to exaft greater fees, on penalty of 50/. &c. fame at7, § 6.

A ft 19 Qeo. 2, c. 34. as to armed perfons in difguife running goods, &c. continued. 11 Geo. 3. c. 51. § 3. vol. 29.	,

A Capias requiring bail, may iflue in the firft procefs for fmuggling. 14 Geo. 3. c. 86. § 5. vol. 30.

Aft 12 Geo. 1. c. 28. § 28. as to informations, extended to fuing for penalties for importing, wearing, or ufing prohibited goods, where the King is intitjed tQ any part, fame ably § 14,

Bonds taken relating to the cuftoms, and not profecuted in five years (except for duties or money due to the crown, or fdr the good behaviour of officers) to be void, and the commiffioners to order them to be cancelled. 16 Geo. 3.	48.	§	2.

vol. 31.	•

Aft 12 Car. 2. e. 4, as to rate of

21.	13 s. 4d. on feather beds imported, repealed; and all feather beds and feathers, drafted or not, hew or L 1 3	old.

Digitized by kjOOQle

5°4	Cuf

old, imported, to 6/• per hundred of U2 pound. fame ally § 3.

Unihipping goods at fea from homeward bound Baft India (hips at any diftance from the coaft (unlefs through apparent neceffity) forfeiture thereof, and of the veflel into which taken, and treble value for aflifting; and putting on board Eaft India (hips wine, brandy, &c. at fea after clearance (excejpt (tores for the voyage) the like forfeiture, 17 Geo, 3. c. 41. § 1, 2. vol. 31.

Bonds for the exportation of prohibited goods, or goods intitled to a drawback, not to be difcharged without a certificate within certain times; commanders of (hips to the Baltick to give a particular of their lading to the Britijb conful in 10 days, fame aft, § 4, 5.

The 1 ith rule of the book of rates repealed, as to currants and raifins, fnd an abatement to the importer, for currants 8 per cent. fof* raifins foils 1 per tent. Smyrna raifins 6 pers cent. Lapariy Faro, Belviderer great Lexia raifins to per cent. and for f>e-pia raifins 20 per cent. in lieu of all former allowances, and no abatement for damage on other goods by the fame fule, unlefs proved. 17 Geo. 3. c. 43. vol. 31.

Adt 17 Geo. 3. c. 41. as to certificates, and proof for the difeharge of bonds for exportation of goods prohibited, &c. repealed; and the part relating to the Baltick extended to Denmark, Norway, and Archangel j8 Geo. 3. e. 40. vol. 32.

An additional duty of 5 per cent. on the amount of all former duties on goods imported, exported, or carried coaftwife, after the ufual allowances, and to be wholly drawn back on exportation, (except as to prize goods warehotsfed by 18 Geo. 3, c. 15.4 19 Gta. 3* r. 5. and other

Cuf

goods warehoufed, till taken out for hoifte confumption) and this additional duty not to be drawn back where no drawback is allowed by law. 19 Geo. 3. e. 25. § I, 2. vol,

Foreign brandy or other (pirfts imported from any part of Europe, in calks lefs than 60 gallons (except 2 gallons for each feacrian) forfeited with.the (hip, guns, &c. 19 Geo. 3. e. 69. vol. 32.

If tea, coffee, foreign brandy, or other fpirity or goods, liable to forfeiture, be found on board any flap, id port or within two leagues, not more than 200 tons, fuch fhip, guns, &c. forfeited, fame all, § 2.

Adt 8 Geo. j. c. 18. extended to boats with fix oars, but not to commanders of the King’s (hips, nor to tow boats at Briftol. fame a8, § 3, 4*$-

Ships, &c. forfeited, may be feis-ed by officers of the cuftoms or ex-cife, and if not fit for the King’s fer-vice, to be broken up and fola, and no writ of delivery out of the exchequer for any (hip, &c. ordered to be burnt, or ufed for the King’s fervice, or broken up, unlefs the officer feizing delays proceeding three terms, and then not without good fecurity for double value, fame a£l% $6.

Penalty of 300/. on maftcr of a (hip coming from abroad (not an Eaft India (hip) having more than 100 pounds of tea or 100 gallons of fpirits (above 2 gallons for each Teaman) in calks under 60 gallons. fame alt, § 7.

Officers of the cuftoms or excife may arreft the mafler and perfons aflifting in running goods, and ju-ftices of peace may commit them, &e. Two or more travelling together armed or difguifed, wi{h horfes

9

Digitized by Google

Cuf

or carriages, laden with more than 6 lb. of tea, or 5 gallons of fpirits, without a permit, may be arrefted, and committed, as alfp any one ob-ftru&ing the officer, attempting a refcue or damaging the cafks, &c. The officer to enter into recogniz-a ace to profecute, and the charges tp be paid by the receiver general of tlie cuftoms. fame % 8, to 11.

Per fops fo committed may be tried j\t the quarter fcflioos, and if con* vi&ed, to be. committed for no| more than three nor lefs than one

!fear, or to fcrve the King by Tea or and, and then not to be difeharged in le£s than five years* fame a&9 § 12,

*3> *4*

Smugglers not then profecuted, and before Sept; 29, 1779, entered as a foldier or iailor for three years, indemnified; but if guilty after, or deferring, indemnity void; and officer permitting him to avoid fervice to forfeit 500/. half to the King and the other to the informer, and ju-ftices to examine complaints, and certify to the commiffioneri of the cuftoms or excife thereof, fame afi%

§ 35*

Freemen of the	company

may import to Great Britain or land, goods ufually brought from Turley, Egypt, or the grand feigni-or’s dominions in the	in

Britijh,	Iri/h, or foreign (hips, as if

brought from the place of growth; but foreign (hips to pay alien duty, and no entry but by freemen of the company, ao Get. 3, t. 4.5. § i, 2. voi- 33*

Goods ufually brought from the Mediterranean may be imported in (hips of Great	BritainIreland, navi-

gated according to law, or of foreigners in amity, on the fame duty as if from the place of growth (except drugs by nonfreetpen) but fo-

Cyd	S°5

reign (hips to pay alien duty, fame aft, § 3- — Continued by 21 Geo. 3. r. 29 vol. 33.

Cyder and Perry.

Duty by 3 Geo. 3. c. 12. and the regulation by 4 Geo. 3. c. 3. repealed, and to be paid

/. s. d.

On importation per tori 300 Made in Great Britain for fale by retail, to be paid by the retailer per hogf-head ...	0 6 O

The like, and configned to a fa&or, to be paid by the fa&or per hogf-head -	-	o 16 8

To be drawn back on exportation, diftillation, or if only fit for vinegar. 6 Geo. 3. e. 14. vol 27^— Continued with the malt afi3 8 Geo. c. 4. vot.



Debt and Debtor.

SM A LL debts to be recovered in a luminary way in the hundreds of Blaihbeatb, ham, Rolejley, alias	Little'and

LeJJhefs in Kent. 5 Geo. 3. c. 8. vol.

26.

The like in the hundreds of Chip* ponhant, Caine and Darner bam, north, and the lordfhip or liberty of Corjbam in Wilti, 5 Geo. 3. t. 9.

A& 5 Gee. 3. t.8. extended to the hundred of JVallingtoa in Surrey. 6 Geo. 3. c. 6. vol. ,27.

For the recovery of (mail debts in Derby. 6 Geo. 3. c. 20. vol. 27.

Ll* *

Digitized by v^ooQle

Sofi * Deb

A& 5 Geo. 3. c. 8. and 6 Geo. 3. e, 6. as to the hundreds of Blackbeath, in and Wellington, in Surrey, explained. 10 GV0. 3. r. 29.1/0/. 28.

For the recovery of ftnall debts in Kidderminfler. 12 Geo. 3. r. 66. vol.

29.

The like in Exeter. 13 Ge*. 3. r.

27.	w/. 30.

Small debts in the hundred of Elloe, in Lincolnfbire, may be recovered in a fummary way. 15 Geo, 3. r. 64. W. 31.

For the recovery of fmall debts in the parifhes of Hallifax, Bradford, Keighley, Bingley, Gutfeley, Calverley, Bat ley Birjlal, Mir field, Hartifhead turn Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kir Hurt on, and Huddersfield, and the lordlhip or liberty of /P*/?	in

the weft riding of Yorkjbire, and for extending the jurifdiCtion of the courts baron of the honour of Pd«-UfraR, and manors of Wakefield and Bingley. 17 Gm. 3. r. 15. W. 31.

So mucn of the laft adt as relates to fmall debts as above, repealed, and other powers granted, and the ju-rifdidtion of the court baron of Keighley extended. 20 G/*. 3. r. 65. w/.

33-

For the recovery of fmall debts in the parifh of Old Swinford, in the counties of Worcefier and Stafford. 17 Geo. 3. c. 19. vol. 31.

The like in the parifhes of Sur-fleet, Gojherton, 1Quadring, Dorington, Bicker, Swintjheai, Wigtoft, Sutter-ton, Alkarkirk, Fofdike, Kirton, Framp-ton, Wiberton, and Brotbcrtoft, in the hundred of Aifr/0/1 in Holland in Lin-eoln/kire. 17 Ga?. 3. c. 62. vol. 31. — Repeated by 18 Ga?. 3. c. 43. c/0/. 32.

For the cafy recovery of fmall debts in the foake of Bohngbroke and wapentake of Candlejboe in Lindfey in LAncolnJbire. tSGeo. 3. e. 34. vol. 32. The like in the IJle of Ely, in the

Deb

county of Cambridge. 18 Geo. 3. c.

36.	vol. 32.

For the more eafy recovery of fmall debts in the foake of Horn-cafile and wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartree (except the parifh of Great Sturton) and in the wapentakes of Louth, Efke, Ludborougb, and Calcer-uorth, and the parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Butter-wick, Freifion, and Fijbtoft, in the hundred of Skirbeck, in Lincolnfhkrt. 19 Geo. 3* c. 42. vol. 32.

Commiffioners of the Tower Hamlets may purchafe ground and build a court houfe, and grant annuities, &c. May take cognizance of debts for rent under 40 s. if the complainant hath been in pofleffion twelve months, and no recovery of rent in the faid court to be given in evidence in fupport of a title, nor to extend to prevent a diftrefs or a&ion for rent. If the defendant does not appear, judgement may be'given in his ab« fence, but he muft have a day to (hew caufe. No victualler to ad as a commiflioner. Not to extend to the liberty of the Tower within. 19 Gee. 3. e. 68. vol. 32.

For the recovery of fmall debts at Beverley, in Yorkjbire. 21 Geo. 3. c.

38.	iW. 33.

See Infohent Debtors.

Debts to the King.

Commiffioners of the treafary may compound with the reprefentatives of Hugh Barlow, Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrme, for a debt to the King from William Williams, deceai-ed. 15 Ge*. 3. c. 19-tW. 31.

The like as to a debt due from Charles Mafon, and may relieve earl Powis. 14 Geo. 3. c. 35. vol. 30.

The like as to a debt doe from

William

Digitized by

Dee

William Harry to the crown. 17 Geo. 3. c. 49. vol 31.

Deeds.

See Stamps.

Deer and Deer dealers.

Hunting or taking in toiles, &c. or killing, wounding, or deftroying, or attempting fo to do, or carrying away red or fallow deer in foreft, chafe, purlieu, or antiei\t walk, enclosed or not, park, paddock, wood or ground, where deer are ufually kept, without the confent. of the owner, or not duly authorized by him, or being aff\ftant ; for hunting, fee. or attempting to kill, or aiding, to forfeit 20/. For killing, wounding, &c. or carrying away, or aiding, for each deer 30/. And if the of-' fender be the keeper of the park, &c. or entrufted therewith, to pay double; and offending after conviction, to be tranfported for 7 years. 16 Geo. 3. c. 30. § 1. vol. 31.

If convided on any former ad to be deemed a fecond offence, fame aft* § 2.

Jufticcs may order fufpeded bouf-es to be fearched for (kins, fee. fame aftj § 4.

Setting nets, fee. for deer, to forfeit 10/. and not lefs than 5 /. and for the fccond offence 201, and not lefs than 10/. fame aft, § 7.

Pulling down pales, fee. of a park, fee. where deer are kept, fame as the firft for killing deer, fame aft, § 8.

Fire arms, fee. carried in parks, &c. with intent to deftroy, fee. may be feized; and beating the keeper} &c. or refeuing prifoner, tran(Donation for feven years, fame aft, §*9.

Penalties, a moiety to the King, the other to the informer, to be I9-

Dev 507

vied by diftrefs; and the offender, on nonpayment, may be committed for one year, or till payment; with other regulations as to juftices* proceeding. fame aft*

Ads 13 R. 2. c. 13. as to ufing heys, nets, fee. 19 H. j.c.n* as u* deer. 7 Jac. 1. e. 13. as to deer.(ex-cept as to repealing 3 Jac. 1. c. 13.) 13 Gzr. 2. c.io. 3& \WM M. c.10. 5 Geo. 1. c. 15. and fo much of 10 Geo. 2. c. 32. as relates to the killing deer, fee. in parks, fee. repealed; but not to extend to Scotland. fame aft% §27.

Pevonfhire.

For the relief of the poor in that county. 9 Geo. 3. c. 82. vol. 28*

Difguifed Perfons,

See Cujloms.

Diftillers.

The cubic contents of a ftill to be 10 gallons with the head on by 33 Geo. 2. c. 9. Corn diftillers to provide faftenings to the heads of low wine (tills, and the officers locks and keys. Diftillers to give four hours’ notice in writing of opening ftills, and 12 hours, if between 12 at night and fix in the morning; ufing unentered pipes, &c. penalty 100/.; working before the ftill is faftened 50/. and opening the ftill after locked 200/. and obftruding officer, fee. 100/. 12 Geo. 3. c. 46. vol. 29.

The above ad extended to all diftillers; the wa(h ftill to contain 400 gallons, and low wine ftill 100 gallons, on penalty of 100/.; to make openings in the breaft of the ftill for the uie of the gauger, not more than

Digitized by v^.ooQle

5°&	Dog

five inches, nor lefs than one inch and an half diameter, to draw fam-ples with a phial; according to the lad aft, officers may take femplev paying is. 6d. per gallon for wa(h, and 4 d. per gallon for fpept wadi. 14 Geo. 3. r. 73. vol. 30.

Making walh for diftillation, and poflefied of a dill of two gallons, to be deemed a common diftillcr for ftie, and fubjed to duty and the fiir-vey of the officers of excife, &c. 19 Geo. 3. c. 50. § 1. wZ. 32.

Officers difcovering private dills, &c. or materials, may feize the fame, and if not owned in 10 days, forfeited, and the proprietor or perfon, in whofe cuftody, to forfeit 200/. and for obdru&ing officer, to forfeit 100 L farm a&y § 2.

No entry by occupier of lefs than 10I. per ann. who (hall aHo pay pa-rifh taxes; to make entries weekly, and pay duties in a week after or forfeit double; to paint over the door, Dijliller, Riflifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquorsy on penalty of IOO /. fame $ 3, to 6.

Buying Britijb made fpirits (except at publick fales of the commif-fioners of excife) of perfons not having the words over their door, penalty 100 /. Buyer or feller informing difcharged of the penalty; not entering all places ufed for diddling, penalty aqo/. fame afl, $ 7,8,

Dogs.

Stealing dogs from the owner or perfon cntruded therewith, or felling, buying, receiving, or detaining dogs, knowing the fame to be dolen, convi&cd on the oath of one witncfs before two judices, to pay 30/. and not lefs than 20 /. for the firft offence, with charges, and on nonpayment may be committed for

Dra

months, and not left than fix; for the fecond offence to pay 50 /. and not lefs than 30 /. with charges, one moiety to the informir and the other to the poor, and on nonpayment may be committed for t8 months, and not lefs than 12, and to be pub-lickly whipped in three days; fearch may be made for dogs, and (kins ftoten, and the perfon in whofe cuftody found, liable to the fame penalties; appeal to the quarter let fions, where cods may. be given, sad no Certiorari.. 10 Geo. y c. 18. vrL

28.

Drapery.

A&s u Geo. 1. e. 24. 7 Gee. 2. r. 25* and 14 Geo. 2. e. 35. relating to cloth made in the wed riding of Torkjbire, repealed, and the maker 10 pay-for meafuring and foaling, viz.

For whole cloth 35 yards x. I long -	-	06

If more than 30 yards 0 4

And lefs -	-	0	3

And not to take cloths from the mill till meafured and damped. '5 Geo. 3. c. 51, vol 26.

Merchants may have cloths wet, and remeafured by infpedtor, and if of lefs quantity than the foal denotes, the foarcher to forfeit, viz.

For every inch in breadth or half yard in length deficient -	-	5	0	1

And for for every other inch in breadth or half yard in length deficient 10 0

Qne moiety, deducing cofta, to the informer, and the other to the trea-(urer of the weft riding. 6 Gtt. 3. (•

22.	V«U 27.

*	1	Falls

Digitized by v^.ooQle

Dru

Falfe feals found, infpeflor to put new ones, and the feller to forfeit double the deficiency, or take his cloth back, and pay expences. fame oil* § 5.

Infpedor for falie (lamping, to forfeit, viz.

For the firft inch in breadth I. s. or half yard in length deficient -	-	100

And if two inches in breath, or one yard in length deficient, to lofe his office. If infpe&or fufpedl fraud in the maker, may wet and meafure. cloth,	fame	ali, % 6.

Power given to the feffiohs, repealed •, overfiretching cloths to forfeit, viz.

For the firft half yard In s. d. length or inch in breath 5 p

And every other quarter of a yard in length and inch in breadth -	-	jo	o

fame all,

To extend to all cloths made in the weft riding of	,	except

narrow cloths defcribed by 11 Geo. a. e.28. and blankets and nriped duf-feld blankets, fame afl, § 23,

Duty on futcut	reduced

to 301. per hundred weight. 7 3-1.47. § 3. vot.27.

Drury Lane

For fecuring a charitable fund for the ufe of the players, &c. under the management of certain directors therein named. 16 Geo. 3.	13.

3b

Dur	509

Durham, County Palatine of,

Treafury to pay rewards for taking highwaymen there. 14 Geo. 3. c, 46. vol. 3p.

Dyersv

A& 5 Eliz. t. 4. repealed, as to the journeymen or fervants of dyers in	ATiddlefex, Effex,	, and

Kent. 17 Geo.3. c. 33. vol. 31.

E.

Eajt India Company.

EE India (Eaji) Company.

Ecele/iajlical Perfons.

Mav grant leafes for one, two, or three lives, or for 21 years, of tithes, tolls, or other incorporeal hereditaT meats, as they now may of lands, &c. by 32 H. 8. r. 28* but not by colleges tor longer terms than their ftatutes allow, and they and their fucceftbrs may bring actions for rent in arrear on leafes for lives. 5 Geo. 3, f. 17. vol, 26.

Incumbents of livings under the jurifdidion of a bilhop, or other ecclefiaftical ordinary, where there is no houfe of habitation, or it is fo ruinous or mean, that one year’s neat jncome will not build or repair it, after an eftimate on oath laid before the ordinary and patron, may borrow not more than two years’ income, and mortgage the living for 25 years, or till repaid with intereft and cofts, and to bind the fucceeding incumbents. 17 Goo. 3. c. 53. § 1.

Digitized by

5io	Ecc

The mortgagee to execute a counter pan, and to be regiftered by the regifter of the diocefe tor 5 s. to pay 1 s. for fearch, and a copy to be evidence, fame at7, § 2.

On failure of payment of principal and intereft, forty days after due, the mortgagee may diftrain. fame att9 i 3-

Money borrowed to be paid to a perfon nominated by the ordinary, who is to give fecurity, and contract and pay for the work, and the fur-plus to be laid out in lading improvements by order of the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, fame atl9 § 4*

The ordinary to enquire into the condition of the buildings, when the incumbent entered; the incumbent to pay intereft and 5 per cent. per arm. of the principal, and if not re* fident 20 weeks in the year, to pay 10 per cent. per ann. of the principal j and on paying 5 per cent. only to produce a certificate of two minifters of adjoining parifhes of his refi-dence, and when the buildings are compleated to be infured againft fires on death or avoidance, the annual payments to be in proportion between the late and prefent incumbent. fame afl9 § 5, 6, 7.

If the living is worth 100/. per ann. or more, and no houfe, &c. nor incumbent refiding 20 weeks per ann. nor one year’s income laid out, the ordinary with the confent of the patron, may procure a plan, &c. and proceed to mortgage, &c. fame aft. §8.

All money received for dilapidation to go in improvements, and where buildings are neceflary, the ordinary, patron, and incumbent may purchafe a houfe within one mile of the church, and land not above two acres for each 100/. pet

Ecc

ann• and the money may be raifed by the fale of glebe or tithes by joint confent. fame atl, § 9,10,11.

Governor’sof Queen AniCs bounty may lend 100/. to each living under 50/. per ann. (to promote this adt) intereft free; and if above 50/. per ann. may lend two year’s value on intereft at 4 ter cent. and the uni-verfuies of Oxford or Cambridge, being patrons, may advance money for the purpofes of the adt, intereft free; and if the patron is a minor, ideot, lunatick, or feme covert, .the guardian, committee, or hufband, may adt, and it (hall be binding. fame at!> § 12, 13,14.

Writings not fubjedl to (lamp duty. If a corporation are patron, all adts by them to be under their common teal; where the redtor or vicar nominates to a chapel or perpetual cure, his patron to confent. Djf-putes as to refidence to be fettled by the ordinary; and the perfon laying out the money, &c. may be avowed 5 per cent, fame aft, § 15, to 19.

If the crown be patron, and the living above 20/. per ann. in the King’s books, the firft lord of the treafury is to confent; under 20A per ann. the lord chancellor, and in tne duchy of Lancafter, the chancellor thereof, fame att9 § 20.

If an archbifhop, bilhop, orecclefi-aftical corporation, foie or aggregate, be lord of the manor, may grant the wafte in perpetuity to build on, leaving fufficient for the commoners, with the confent of the leflees. fame atlj § 21.

Incumbents of mortgaged livings to pay, befides intereft, if refidepr, £ per cent. if nonrefident 10/. pet tent. 21 Geo. 3. c. 66. vol. 33.

»■

Edinburgh,

Digitized by LjOOQle

Edi

Edinburgh.

For extending the city, giving power to the magiftrates, and building a theatre there. 7	3.	r.	27.

vtl. 27.

Ely Houfty

In Holbourne, vefted in the crown, to be fold, and the purchafe money applied to building an houfe for the bifhop in Dover Street. 12 Geo. 3. e.

43.	vtl. 29. And afterwards fold 15 Geo. 3. e. 33. vtl.31.

Endfield Chafty

. Divided and allotted, and 250 acres belonging to the crown, directed to be fold. 17 Get. 3. t. 17. vtl. 31*

EJJex

For railing money for rebuilding the county gaol. 13 Get. 3. e. 25. ttel. 3a.

Exchequer

Bills and loans. 6, Gee. 3.	15.

vol. 27. 9 Gee. 3. c. 15.	28.	n

Geo. 3. c.25. 12 Gee. 3. c. 39.

29. 13 Get. 3. c. 66. 14 Geo. 3. e. 69. vol. 30. 15 Geo. 3. c. 38. 16 Get. 3. f.35. inGet.% r.38, & 51.

18	Get.3. e.28, 57, 63, « 64.	19

Geo.2- e. 63, « 73.	32.	20	3.

t. 4-3. S3» & 57* 21 Gee. 3-	4*>&

42. vtl. 33.

Funds for circulating exchequer bills, &c. 31 G«. 2. r. 31. § 5.

22.	33 Geo. 2. r. 18. x Geo. 3. r. 19. vol 23. 3 Grfl.3. r. 17, & 18. vol. 25. 4 G«. 3. c. 13. vol26. 6 Geo. 3. r. 41. 7 G«. 3, r. 54. w/. 27. 8 G«.

£*<•	5x1

3. c. 30. 9 Geo. 3. c. 34* to 3. r.

52.	tW. 28. 11	Geo.3. r. 48. 29.

13	G«>. 3. r. 77. 14 Grt. 3. r. 85. w/.

30.	15 Geo. 3. c. 42. 16 Geo. 3. r. 49. 17 Geo. 3. r. 47. vtl.31. 18 Gee. 3. c. 38, & 54. 19 Gee.3. f. 64, & 71.

32.	20 Gw.3. r. 43, 53» & 62. W/.33. 21 Gm, 3. r. 57. w/. 33.

Proviuons in cafes of exchequer bills loft. See. 31 Get. 2. c. 31. § 6. vtl.22. 4 G«. 3. e. 13. vol. 26. 16 Get. 3. r. 49. vol. 31.

/

Excife.

All powers by 18 Geo. 2. c. 26. to be executed againft perfons offending againft the excife Jaws, 5 Geo. 3. c. 43. § 24. vol 26.

Commiflioners of excife may appoint perfons (in the abfence of the collector) to adminifter oaths to exporters and to grant certificates of duty paid, fame atty § 37.

Six months allowed by 15 Geo. 2. e. 26. (fee Brandy, &c.) for payment of excife duties on warehoufed rum enlarged to twelve months, 6 Geo. 3*

r.47. §4, vol. 27.

Office to be built on the feite of Grejbam college. 8 Geo. 3. c. 32. tf*/, 28,

For defraying the expences thereof. 10 Geo. 3. c. 32. vol. 28.

Excife officers may feize horfes, &c. removing foreign fpirits, See. duties unpaid, like as cuftomhoufe officers may, and proceed by the excife laws, or by adlion, &c. 9 Geo. 3. c. 6. § 1. vol. 28.

Traders ufing falfe feales or weights, in weighing ftock, to defraud the revenue, to forfeit 100/. but not to be punifhed twice, a moiety to the King, and the other to the informer. 10 Geo, 3. c. 44. vol.

28.

A€t 19 Geo, 2. Co 34. as to fmug-

gting

Digitized by

SI*	Exc

gling in difguife, continued to Sept. 29, 1785, &c. 18 Geo. 3. c. 45. 19 Geo. 3. c. 60. § 23. vol. 32.

A duty of 5 percent, on the amount of all inland duties under the com-miffioners of excife, from April 5, 1779, (except malt, beer, foap, tallow candles, and hides) and 15 per tent, addition on malt above the duty by 33 Geo\ 2. c.n. (fee Malt) to be paid weekly. 19 Geo. 3. c. 25. vol. 32.

AH druggifts, grocers, chandlers, coffee or choedlffte-houfe keepers, and dealers in coffee, tea^cocoa nuts, and makers of chocolate, to put over their doors thefe words. Dealer m Coffee* Tea or Chocolate* on penalty of 200/•. And all importers, and dealers in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, Ijpirits or ftrong waters, to pi# on fome confpicuous part of their houfe thefe words. Importer of* or Dealer in Foreign Spirituous Liqnors* on penalty of 50/. fame year* c. 69. $ 18.

Any dealer buying where the (words are not up, penalty 100/. but mot for buying goods warehoufed according to 10 Geo. 1. c. 10. or at the Eajl India comp^hy’s fales, or fold for infurers for falvage or prize teas, or fpirituou* liquors on boar<l (hips, or on quays, by the firft pur-chafer, or of Turn warehoufed according to 15 & .16 Geo. %. c. 25. or arrack in the Eafi India company’* wareboufes, nor foreign fpirituou* liquors, or if fold by inlurers, &c. fame all* $ 15, 20.

Putting up the words* not having entered the place at the excite office, penalty 50/. and perfon*, not dealers, buying where the words are not (except as before) penalty 10/. -and any fmuggler felling goods and informing againft the.bqyer in 20 days (and before informationis laid againft

Exe

himfelf) indemnified, fame	§ 2r,

22.

See	Tea, Soap, Lew	and Spi-

rits, tcc.

Exeter.

Two alts for cre&ing hofpitali and workhouies, and employing the poor there, explained. 14	t

4n.vel.yo.

F.

Felony.

DAMAGING banks, floodgates, or works of rivers, made navigable by a<51 of parliament, tranf-portation for feven years. 4 Geo. 3. c. 12. vol. 26.

Forging letter of attorney totranf-icr ftock, receive dividends, or pcr-fonating the owner, felony without benefit of clergy. 4 Geo. 3. e. 25* wI

26.

Lopping, topping, cutting down, breaking, throwing down, barking, burning, -or fpoiling, or carrying away in the night any oak, beech, a(h, elm, .fir, chefnut, or afp, or other timber tree, or digging up, &c. any root*, (hrubs, pr plants, of5;. value, in inclofed ground, tranfpor-tation for (even years f and aiders and receivers liable tp the Gune penalty. f> Geo. 3.1 c. 36.^/. 27.

Forging tickets or certificates of lottery. 6 Geo. 3. c. 3Q.,§ 21. vol 27. 8 Geo. 3. r. 32. ™/. 28.

When an offender is convi&ed of a crime fubjcft to death, and pardoned on condition of tranfportation, the judge on. certificate thereof from the fecretary of ftate, may order the fame,

and

Fel

and fuch offender may be tranfport-cd for the term ordered, and if at large within the time, felony without benefit of clergy, and the profecutor intitled to 20/. reward, and a certificate. 8 Geo. 3. (. 15. vol. 28.

Forging feamen’s tickets, flee, to obtain wages, prize money, &c. capital felony. 9 Geo. 3. c. 30. vol. 28.

Standing mute on arraignment for felony, or piracy, to be convi&ed, . and have to the fame judgement and execution, as if found guilty by ver-did or confeffion, and to extend to America. 12 Geo. 3. c. 20. vol. 29.

Burning the King’s (hips built or building, dockyards, magazines, materials, navy of victualling (tores, &c. or aiding therein, capital felony, and offending out of the realm, may be tried in any (hire within the fame. 12 Geo. 3. c. 24. vol. 29.

Forging (tamp or feal of the com-mif&oners of excife, provided renewed or altered by this aCt, or counterfeiting or refembling the impreffion thereof, on any goods chargeable by 10 An. c. 19. 12 An. c. 9. 3 Geo. 1. c. 9. or 6 Geo. 1. e. 14. to defraud the King, capital felony. 13 Geo. 3. €. 56. Vol. 30.

Making, ufing, procuring, or af-fifting in making or ufing, or knowingly having in cuftody any frame, mould, or inftrument for making paper, with the words Bank of England vifible in the fubftance of filch paper, or procuring the fame, capital felony. Engraving, cutting, etching or feraping in asezzotirrto, on any plate of copper, brafs, fteel, pewter, or other metal, any promif-fory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, or blank for tbe fame, containing the words Bank of England or Bank Pojl Bill, or any mm in white letters or figures on black ground, or procuring the fame, or having in

Fen513

cuftody, or publiftting fuch, penalty fix months imprifonment. 13	3.

c. 79. vol.30. — See Bills of Exchange.

On trial for felony, the court may order the treafurer of the county t® pay the profecutor his expences, and for lofs of time, -and alfo to periotn appearing on recognizance or fub-poena; and the quarter feffions tp allow the like with the approbation of the judge of affize. 18 Geo. 3. t. 19. ^ 7* W. 32-Counterfeiting or altering tbe marks, on gold or filtrer plate, transportation for feven years. 13 Geo. 3. c. 59. § 2. vol. 30.

Counterfeiting ftamps or feah on printed cottone, Sic.or felling fuch, capital felony. 14 Geo. 3.	72.	§	8.

vol.30.

The court may fine a felon liable to be burnt in the. hand, or order him to be whipped; but not to abridge the power of imprifonment. 19 Gto. 3. t.74. § 3. vol. 32.

Fens.

For draining lands in the parifh of Ram fey, in Hun, and in Doddington,	March, Wtm-

hlington, and Chatteris, in the ifle of Ely, and for amending roads. Sic. 12 Gea. 3. c 26. vol. 29.

A 6t22 Geo. 2.	c. 19. as to draining

lands in Whittle fey, in the ifle of Ely, amended, he. 12	3.	27.

vol.29.

For draining lands at Market Weighton, in Yorkflnre. 12 Get. 3. t. 37. vol. 29.

For draining King's Delph and Eight-Roads and Farcett Fen in Farce tt and Standground, in Huntingdonshire. 13 Get. 3. c. 39.	30.

The like of grounds in Yaxley, m Hunting-

Digitized by t^ooQle

514	Fer

Huntingdonshire. 13 Geo. 3. r. 46. voL 3°-

The like in the parifhes of lid Saint Giles and Newton, in the ifle of Ely, and lid Saint Mary, in Lincoln-yfc/r/. 13 Gr*. 3. c. 60. iW. 30,

Aft 30 Geo. 2. c. 36. for draining lands in the hamlets of March and Humbling ton, in the parifh of Apwell, in Cambridge/hire, as to the fixth di-ftrift, amended, &c. 14 Geo. 3. u x6. vol. 30.

Afts 16 & 17 Car. 2. r. .si. & 2a. for draining Deeping Fen, in Lincolnshire, amended, &c, 14 Geo. 3. c. 23. vol. 30,

For draining lands in Winejlead, Pattrington, South Frodingham, Holly m, Rimfwell, Owthorne alias Sea-ihome, Whitbernfea, Ingland Hill and Walkerfjelds, in Holdernejfe, in the call riding of Yorkjbire. 14 Geo. 3. c. 107- vol. 30.

The like in Ramfey, Bury, Wiftow, Warboyt, Somerjham, Colne, and Pidley with Fenton, in Huntingdonshire, and Chatteris and Doddington, in the ifle of Ely. 15 Geo. 3. c, 65. vol 31.

The like in WiSbich St. Peter and Sr. Mary, and the hamlets of Mur-row and Gvyhirn, in the ifle of Ely. 15 Geo. 3. c. 66. w/. 31.

The like of grounds called The Parts and Alderjhots, in the parifhes of Glatton and Holme, in Huntingdonshire. 16 Geo. 3. c. 64. vol. 31.

Aft 22 Geo. 2. c. 11. amended in regard to feveral fens in the ifle of Ely. 17 Geo. 3. c. 65. vol. 31.

For draining the low lands in the parifhes of Altcar, Sefton, Halfall, and Walton on the Hill, in Lancajhire. 19 Geo. 3. c. 33. W. 32.

7vrr0 or Faro IJles.

No drawback for goods exported thither, and that place to be included

Fir

in the oath on debentures for goods exported. 5 Geo. 3. r. 43. § 31. vol.

26.

Fire Engines.

For vefting in James Watts, his executors and afiigns, the foie ufc and property of certain fleam engines, callea Fire Engines, deferibed in the aft, in the King’s dominions, for a limited time. 15 Geo. 3. c. 61. vol 31.

Fifh and Fi/heries.

Fifhery in the river Tweed regulated. 11 Geo. 3. c. 27. vol. 29.

For encouraging the white herring fifhery; a bounty of 301. per ton, to be paid out of the cuftoms to all bufles or veflels decked, and having twelve bufhels of fait on board, for every lad of fifli of 20 ton, and to have fix men; if fewer hands, to forfeit the bounty; and to have tbe free ufe of any harbour, on penalty of 100/. for ohflrufting them. 11 Geo. 3. c. 31. vol. 29.

Fins or blubber of whales, &c. caught in Greenland Teas or Davis's Streights, in Britijh (hips, See. may be imported duty free for 15 years. 11 Geo. 3. c. 38. vol. 29.

Bounties by former afts to ceafe, and (hips of 200 tons to have 40 lines of 120 fathom each, 40 harpoon irons, 4 boats, 7 men to each, in all 28, and provifions for fix months, and larger fhips in proportion, and one apprentice to every fifty tons.

Bounty from Dec. 25,

1767, to 1776, per ton

To Dec. 25,1781, per do.

To Dec. 25,1786, per do. fame all, § 5.

I.

s. d. 200 1 10 o 100

Whale

Digitized by L,ooQle

Fif

Fins of whales caught in the gulpk or river St. Lawrence or coafls of Ame-r/Vtf, may for the faid 15 years, be imported on the old fubfidy, according to 25 Car. 2. c. 7. /i/wr aft, § 17.

Harpooners, linemen, and boat-fteerers, not to be imprefTed if employed in the coal trade, and common feamen privileged from Feb. 1, till the feafon for failing be pafled. ix Geo. 3. c. 38. vol. 29.

White herrings caught and cured on the coaft of the ifle of Man, to pay per barrel of 32 gallons, 3s. 4d.

Red herrings, the like, 1	8

To be paid as the duty on fi(h brought from Scotland. 12 Geo. 3, c. 58. vol. 29.

Herrings may be exported from the ifle of Man to Britijb America, and to have fufficient quantity of fait to cure herrings on bond, but to make no other ufe of it. fame all, § 5-

CodfUh, ling, and hake, caught and cured in Chaleur bay, gulf of St. Lawrence, or the coaft of Labrador, may be imported, fubjedt to 10 & 11 TV. 3. c. 25. on oath firft made that it was caught there, &c. and to have part of the tail cut off, and if removed from (bore before, forfeited with double the value. 13 Geo. 3. c. 72. vol. 30.

Mafters of (hips from Newfound-land, North Seas, Iceland, gulph of St. Lawrence, or the coaft of Labrador, to deftroy all foul fait left, in the prefence of an officer, on penalty of 20/. fame aft, § 2.

Ships qualified according to 10 & 11 TV. 3. c. 25. from Jan. 1, 1776, for 11 years, to have bounties, viz. if after January 1, each year, they proceed to the banks of Newfoundland, and having caught not lefs than icooo fi(h, land the fame on the fouthern or eaftem fide of the Vo l. XXXIII.

ifland of Newfoundland, between Cape Ray and Cape de Grot, before July 15, each year, and make one more trip at leaft, and return with another cargo, catched there, to the fame port:

/. s. d.

The firft 25 (hips to have each -	*	-	40 o o

The next 100 (hips each 20 o o The next 100 each 10 0 o

To be paid out of the cuftoms on certificate from the governor of Newfoundland, and on the oath of the mafter, &c. and any part of Newfoundland may be ufed for curing and drying filh by Britijb fub-je&s from Europe. 15 Geo. 3. c. 31. vol. 31.

For 11 years the following bounty to five Britijb (hips, having each caught one whale in the gulph of St. Lawrence^ coaft of Labrador, Newfoundland\ fouth of the Greenland feas, or in Davis's Streights, and return to England the fame year, viz.

/• S. dm

For the greateft quantity

of oil -	-	500 o o

, For the next	-	-	40000

For the next	-	-	300	o	o

For the next	-	-	200	o	o

For the next	- '	-	100	o	o

To be paid on oath, &c. out of the cuftoms. fame aft, § 3.

Provifions and neceffaries for the fiftiery, may be exported from Great Britain, Ireland, and the ifle of Man, being the produce of thofe countries ; and the a6t 25 Car. 2. c. 7. as to train oil blubber and whale fins, extended to all Britijb and Irijb (hips, and undrefled feal (Wns may be imported, duty free, in qualified (hips, fame oft, § 5, to 11. '

No filhermen to be carried as M m	paf-

Digitized by

5*6	Fif

paflengers to America, on pcnahy of 200 L and no paflenger to be employed at Newfoundland as a filher-inan, or any hired there, without agreement in writing, (petrifying his wages and the time hired for, and allowing thereout 40;. for his paf-iage home, fame aff, §12,13.

Fifhermen to be paid only half their wages in liquor or goods, and the other half in money, or bills of exchange on Great Britain or Ire-land, on penalty of 10/. and on dif-pute to produce the contraft; all £(h and oil fubjeft to wages; do-fcrters to be whipped and font home, and difputes to be fettled by the court of feflion, or vice-admiralty at Newfoundland. fame aft* § 14, 15, 16,17.

Aft 6 An. e. 37. which exempts feamen in America from being impelled, repealed; aft 11 Geo. 3. c. 38. extended to Ireland as to bounties, on certificates, and bounties may be infured, with other regulations as to the Newfoundland filhery. fame at7, $ 19,20, &c.

Bounties allowed to the firft five (hips fifhing for whales fouth of latitude 44 degrees north, for eleven years, viz.

/. s.d.

For the greateft quantity

of oil -	-	500	o	o

Second ditto	-	-	400	o	0

Third ditto	-	-	300	o	o

Fourth ditto	-	-	200	o	o

Fifth ditto -	—	100	o	o

To be the produce of one whale at lead, and for every 50 tons, to take an apprentice between 14 and 18 years of age. 16 Geo. 3. c. 47. vol. 31.

The filheries of the rivers Severn and VemieWy regulated; and 1 Eliz. c. 17. and 30 Car. 2. c. 9. as to nets, repealed. 18 Geo. 3. c. 33. vol. 32. a

F

Aft ix Geo. 3. c. 31. continued for (even years, except as to the time of bufies being at rendezvous and fi(h-ing, and inftead thereof, each bufs to proceed to Yarmouth, Whitehaven, Leith, Invernefs> Brafley found, Campbell town, Oban, Kirkwall, Stranrav.tr or Stornaway, or to be at the rendezvous between the firft of Avguft and the firft of Oftober in each year, and to continue filhing three months. 29 Geo. 3. c. 26. vol. 32*

Duties on /alt ufed in curing pilchards for home confumption, to ceafe, and inftead thereof to pay at the fait office 5 s. 21 d. per calk of 50 gallons, and the curer not to fell Ids than 25 gallons at a time, on forfeiture thereof with the calk, and 40;. for every 25 gallons, and retailers not to buy lets than 25 gallons at a time, and refufing to difeover the curer, penalty of forfeiture and 40 s. 19 Geo. 3. c. 52. vol. 32.

Proprietors of fait, delivered duty free, for curing pilchards for exportation, to take an oath not to ufe it for other purpofes, and at the end of the feafon to account for the fait ufed, and exprefs the quantity of filh entered for home confumption. fame aft* § 2,5.

If the duty on fait is leflened, the rate on pilchards to be abated in proportion, fame aft> § 6.

. The Greenland Teas and Davit's Streightsy declared to extend to 59 degrees 30 minutes north, and the bounties by 15 Geo. 3. c. 31. not to extend to whales taken fouth of the faid feas and (freights, which bounties are allowed to (hips cleared out fince January 1, 1779, or during the prefent hoftilities, after the firft of January in each year, and returning to England by the 31ft of December in the next year, and the bounties by 16 Geo. 3. c. 47. to be paid on the

Digitized by ^.ooQle

Frd

y

Fit

fame conditions. 20 Get. 3.	60.

vtl33.

See Herrings.

Fitzmaurice•

His eftate diverted out of the crown, to be fold for the payment of his debts. 14 Get. 3. e. 40. vtl. 30.

ForeJlaUersV.

Ails 3 & 4 Ed. 6. t. ax. 5 & 6 tfthe fame, f. 14. 2 & 3 F. & it/* r. 3. 5 £//z. c. 12. 15 Car. 2. t. 8. and 5 ^1. c. 34. % 2.	,	and	all

proceedings thereon void. 12 G/e. 3. r. 71. w/. 29.

Forfeited

The King enabled to exchange the lands of Fernan and fix in	-

Jbire, for lands of earl	in

Pitcboleney. 6 Geo. 3. t. 33.	27.

Fortifications.

Certain mefluages, lands, c. verted in truftees for the better fe-curing the King’s docks, (hips, and ftores, at Plymouth and	and

defending the paflage of the river Thames at	Gravefend and Tilbury fort.

20 Get. 3. c. 38. vtl33.

The like of other mefluages, lands, &c. for fecuring the King’s docks, (hips, and ftores, at Chatham, fame	year,t. 49.

For making compenfation to the proprietors of mefluages, lands. Set. purchafed in purfuance of the two laft ails. 21 Get. 3. c. 10. vtl. 33.

Ail 20 Geo. 3. c.38. explained and amended, and other lands appointed, and further power given to the com-mifltoners. fame year, c. 61.

S't

Frazer,General Simon.

The King may grant him the lands and eftates of the late Simon lord	Livat, on payment of 20,9831,

os. id. and intereft at $1.percent. at any term after	1784,

on twelve months’ notice; but the general may pay it with the intereft then due at any t^rm after day, 1774, and from the date of fuch grant, the ail 25	2.	41.	repealed. 14 Geo. 3.1. 22.	30.

Fulbourne,	Cam

For taking down the church of dll	Saints, and	repairing St. Vigor's.

15	Get.3. t. 49. vtl. 31.

Funds.

210.000	/. granted out of the (inking fund. 5 Get. 3. c. 40. vtl. 26.

2.150.00	ol.out of the fame fund.

. 6 Get. 3. e. 41. vol. 27.

1,800,000/. raifed by exchequer bills, charged on the fame fund. 7 Get.3.	t. 14. vol. 27.

1,500,000/. on annuities and a lottery, charged on the fame, fame year, t.24.

2,010,121/. 10;. 2out of the fame fund, for tne year 1767. fame year, c. 54.

1,800,000/. the like for the year 1768. 8 Get. 3. t. 18. vtl. 28.

2,250,0001, charged on the fame fund, fame year, c. 30.

1.300.000	/. raifed by annuities,

and 600,000 /. by a lottery, charged on the fame fund, and the duties on wine by 3 Get. 3.	12.	and on cy.

der and perry by 6 Get. 3. 40. carried to the fame fund, fame year, c. 31*

1,800,000/. by loans charged on

Mm2	the

K

Digitized by v^.ooQle

518	Fun

the fame fund. 9 Geo. 3. c. 15. vol.

28.

1,664,822 /. 4/. granted out of the fame fund, fame year, c. 34.

1,700,000/. out of the fame, for the year 1770. 10 Geo. 3 r. 52. W.

28.

1,650,000/. the like for the year 1771. 11 Geo. 3. c. 48. w/. 29.

Upon payment of 2,290/. 41. ioi. by the executors of lady Ann Jekyll to the finking fund, the treafury may give a full difcharge. 12 Geo. 3. c.

53.	vol. 29.

A certain fum granted out of the finking fund, fame year, c. 70.

2,349,806 /. 12;. 7Jrf. out of the fame fund for the year 1773. 13 Gw. 3. e. 77. wJ. 30.

For redeeming 1,000,000/. capital of 3 per cent. annuities, and for a lottery. 14 Geo. 3. r. 40.1/0/. 30.

2,080,696/. 121. 8|</. out of the finking fund for the year 1774. fame year, c. 85.

The adminiftrator with the will annexed of fir Jofepb Jekyll, may fell

10,000	/.	5*7	(lock (landing in

his name, part of a legacy given to the finking fund, and may receive the dividends thereon, and on 10,000/. Eafl India (lock, for the purpofes therein mentioned, fame year, c. 89.

For redeeming 1,000,000/. capital of 3 per cent. annuities, and for a lottery. 15 Geo. 3. c. 41. vol. 31.

1,915>552/- 161. ii|</. granted out of the finking fund for the year 1775. fame year, c. 42.

600,000/, by a lottery at 3 per cent, charged on the finking fund. 16 Geo. 3. r. 34. vol. 31.

1,000,000/. by loans charged on the lame fund, fame year, c. 45.

1,837,428/. 31. 10 d. out of the fame for the year 1776. fame year> r. 49-

Gam

A certain fum out of the fame fund. 17 Geo. 3. r. 47. vol. 31.

2,071,854/. 131. 8id. out of the fame fund. 19 Geo. 3. r. 71. vol. 32.

1,849,542 /. 11. 11 id. charged on the fame fund. 20 Geo. 3. c. 62. vol.

33-

1

the

,742,912/. 2 5. 2 d. charged on fame fund. 21 Geo. 3. r. 57. voL

33-

G.

TAKING, killing, or deftroy-ing, a hare, pheafant, partridge, moor game, heath game, or groufe, between an hour after fan-fet, and the like time before funrifing, or ufing dog, gun, fnare, net, or en-

Sjine, for that purpofe, in the night, or the firft offence imprifontnent, not more than fix nor lefs than three months, and in three days to be whipped. 10 Geo. 3. c. 19. § 1. vol 28.

The like offence on Sunday to forfeit not more than 30/. nor iefs than 20/. to be levied by diftrefs with cods, one moiety to the informer, and the other to the poor; and for want of diftrefs to be committed for not more than fix nor lefs than three months, with appeal to the quarter feffions, who may give colls, and to be final, and not removed by Certiorari, fame all, § 2.

Killing black game between the 10th of December and the 20th of jfu&ujf, red game between the 10th of December and the 12th of Augufl, and buftards between the firft of March and the firft of September, for the firft offence to forfeit not more

than

Digitized by L.OOQ le

Gal

than 201 nor lefs than 10I aitd for every other offence, not lefs than 20 L nor more than 30/. Not to extend to Scotland. Ad 2 Geo. 3. c. 19. as to black game, and groufe called red game, repealed. 13 Geo. 3, c. 55. vol. 30.

Ad 10 Geo. 3. c. 19. as to killing game in the night,,altered to between 7 at night and 6 in the morning, from the 12th of February and the I2th of Oflober, and between 9 at night and 4 in the morning the reft oi the year; for the firft offence to forfeit not lefs than 10/. nor more than 20 /. for the fccond offence not lefs than 20/. nor more than‘30/. and for any other offence to be committed till the next general quarter feffions, or bound over as well as the informer; and if convided to pay 50/. and committed till payment, but not for lefs than fix months, nor more than twelve, and to be whipped at the end of imprifonment. 13 Geo. 3. c. 80. § 1. vol. 30.

Killing game on Sunday or Chrifl-mas-day> the fame penalty ; but not to be proceeded againft without information, on oath, within a month, fame aft, § 6.

Gainjboroughy Uncolnjhirc.

See Paving.

Gaols.

For rebuilding a common gaol in Ejfex. 10 Geo. 3. c. 28, vol. 28, 13 Geo. 3. c. 35. vol. 30.

Clergymen appointed by the quarter feffions to officiate in county gaols at a falary of not more than 501. per ann. to be paid by the coun<* ty treafurer. 13 Geo. 3. f. 58. vol%

3°-

Quarter feffion; may orejer gaol*

Gen	519

to be whitewafhed once a year, and ventilators to be put up, and appoint fick rooms and bathing tubs; the rules to be hung up publickly, and to appoint an apothecary and fur-geon, the expence to be paid out of the county rates, and may punifti gaolers. 14 Geo. 3. c. 59. vol. 30.

For taking down and rebuilding the common gaol for Hertfordjbire, 15 Geo. 3. c. 25. vol. 31.

The like for JVtftmoreland. 17 Geo. 3. c. 54. vol. 31.

The like for Warwidfbire. fame year, c. 58.

For building a gaol for criminals, a prifon for debtors, and an houfe of corredion for Cornwall. 18 Geo. 3. c. 17-vo(. 32.

The like for Pembrobejbire. 19 Geo. 3. c. 46. val. 32.

The like for Gloueeflerjhire. 21 Geo. 3. c. 74. vol. 33.

See London.

General IJfue,

May be pleaded by defendants ading under any of the ads after mentioned, and the whole matter given in evidence, viz.

As to the duties on cyder and perry. 4 Geo*. 3. c. 7. § 9. vol. 2b. 6 Geo. 3. c. 14. § 22. vol. 27.

As to buildings within the bills of mortality. 4 Geo. 3. c. 14. §11. vol. 26. 6 Geo. 3. c. 37. § 11. vol. 27. 12 Qeo. 3. c. 73. § 45. vol. 29. 14 Geo. 3. c. 78. § 100. vol. 30.

As to the duties on Britijb colonies, if fued here or in America. 4 Geo. 3. c. 15. § 47. vol. 26. 5 Geo. 3. c. 12. § 63. vol. 26. 7 Geo. 3. e. 46. § 10. vol. 27.

As to the importation of provi-fions from America• 4 <?/*. 3. c. 28. § 6. vol. 26%

Mm3

Digitized by

520	G>»

As to Englijh cambricks. t‘ 37. § 30.

ror paving JVeJlminJler, and Sunday tolls. 4 Geo3. 39. § 28. W. 26. 5 Geo. 3.	13. fame year,

50. $ 30. 11 Get. 3. f. 26. § 76. W. *9-

Under the ads for recovering fmall debts. 4 Gee. 3. e. 40,41. voL

26.	5 Geo. 3. t. 8.	t.	9.

6 Geo. 3. r. 20. vol. 27. 13 G«. 3. c.

27.	w/. 30. 15 Geo. 3.	04.	wA	31.

17	Geo. 3. f. 15.	t.	19.	r.

62. 18 Gm. 3. f. 34,36. tw/. 32. 19 Geo. 3. e.A.7. vol. 32. fame year, t. 68. 21 Geo. 3:/. 38. vo33.

As to annuities and lotteries. 5 Geo. 3. r. 23. §55. vol. 26. fame year, t. 42. § 7. 6 Geo. 3. e. 21. §7. vol. 27. fame year, c. 39. § 41. 7 G«. 3. c. 24,25, & 26. 8 Geo. 3.	29,	31.

vol. 28. 10 Geo. 3. t. 36. § 7. & r. 46.

11 Geo. 3. c. 47. § 26.	29. 12

G«. 3. c. 63. § 26. 14 Geo. 3. r. 76. vol. 30. 15 G«. 3. e. 41. t»/. 31. 16 Geo. 3. r. 34. vol. 31. 17 Gm. 3. r. 46.

18	G«. 3. r. 22. vol. 32. 19 Gra. 3. e. 18. & 21. 20 Geo.3.1.16. 21 Geo.

3. c. 14. vol. 33.

As to the portage of letters. 5 3. t. 25. § 27. vol. 26. 7 Geo. 3. e. 50. § 8. vol.27.

As to exporting callicoes to Afrita.

5 Geo. 3. t. 30. § 13.	26.

As to the additional duty on coals.

5 Geo. 3.1.12. § 12. vol. 26.

Under the general turnpike ads.

5	Geo.3. e. 38. $11. vol. 26. 7 Geo.

. t. 40. § 50. vol. 27. 13	3.	t.

4. § 85. vol.30.

As to the revenue of the ifle of Man.5 Get. 3. t. 43. § 47. vol. 26. As to the additional (lamp duties. fame year, t. 46. § 44.

As to the judges’ additional falary. fame yeary c. 47. § 12.

As to woollen cloth made in Tort-fire. fame year, t. 51. § 30.

Gen

Under the mutiny ads. 6 Geo. 3. t. 8,18, & 23, tic.vol. 27.

As to the manufadure of leather gloves. 6 Geo. 3. t. 10. $ 10. vol. 27.

As to paving the ftreets in wari,	tic. 6 Geo. 3. e. 24* § 91. vol.

27.	11 Geo. 3. t. 17. § 9. vol. 29.

As to paving, &c. in London. 6 Geo.3. c. 26. § 91. t. 27. § ic. vol. 27. i Geo.3. t.21. §97. vol.28. II Geo. 3. t.29. § 118. vol. 29.

As to the importation of foreign wrought filk. 6 Gee. 3.	28.	§ 14.

vol. 27. 7 G«. 3. e. 47. § 10. 9 Geo. 3. e. 38.5 13* vol.28.

As to frame work knitting. 6 G/a. 3. t. 29. § 11. w/. 27.

As to the lighthoule in the river Humber. 6 Geo. 3. c. 31. § 17. vol.

27.	12 Gea. 3. a. 17. w/. 29.

As to the itreets of Brijlol. 6 Geo. 3. a. 34. vol.27.

As to the duty on windows and houfes. fame year, t. 38. 18 Geo. 3. c.

26.	§ 45. vol.32, 19 Geo. 3. t. 59. $ 2i- vol. 32.

As to the bounty on Britijh cordage. 6 Geo. 3. e.45. § 10. vol. 27.

As to the additional duty on fpi-fits imported, fame year, e. 47. $ 5.

As to the duty on Eaft India goods exported to America, fame year, c. 52. $ 3»*

As to the prohibition of the exportation of corn. 7 Geo. 3. t. 3. i

25.	vol. 27. 9 Geo. 3. e 1. $ 24. vol.

28.	11 Geo. j.a. 1. § 24. vol. 29. 13 Geo. 3. e. 3. § 26. vol. 30.

Auto the embargo on (hips laden with corn. 7 Geo. 3. e. 7. vol. 27.

As to continuing the duties on the importation of tallow. 7 Geo. 3. c.

12.	§ 3. vol.27.

As to the admeafurement of coals. fame year, e. 23. § 25.

Under the general ads as to pob-lick highways. 7 Geo. 3. c. 42. § 55. vol. 27. 13 Geo. 3. a. 78. § 8i. tW.30.

As

Digitized by LjOOQie

Gen

As to Black Fryar’s bridge, Sic* 7 Geo. 3. c. 37. § 25. vol. 27.

As 10 fmugglitig cambricks and French fawns, fame year$ c. 43. § 2 3.

As to hackney coaches, &c. fame year% c. 44. § 22.

As to the river Lea. fame year, c.

51.	§ 116. 19 Geo. 3. r. 58. § 45. w/. 32.

As to the pier of St, lves9 Cornwall. 7 Geo. 3. r. 52. w/. 27.

As to draining lands, &c. fame year, r. 53. 12 G/0. 3. r. 26. vol. 29. 13 Gr*. 3. c. 19. 20. 30, 40. 45, 46.

49.	& 60. vol. 30. 14 Geo. 3. r. 16. &

23.	wZ. 30. 15 Geo. 3. r. 12. 65, & 68. iw/. 31. 18 Geo. 3. r. 24. vol. 32. 19 Gf*. 3. r. 23. & 34. vol. 32.

As to the drawback on exporting teas to Ireland. 7 Geo. 3.	56.	§	10.

Vol. 27,

As to the duty on foul fait. 8 Geox 3. c. 25. § 11. tw/. 28.

As to paflages in Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, fame year9 c. 33. § 86.

As to bulling (hire halls. 9 Geo. 3. r. 20. § 5. tW. 28.

As to the Magdalen hofpital. fyme year, c. 31.

Under the general militia a&, amended, fame year9 c. 42. § 50.

As to the diftefnper amongft horned cattle. 9 Geo. 3. c. 4. § 2. 10 Geo. 3.	24.	§	4.	& c. 45. 5 38.

vol. 28.

As to the duty on draw hats, &c.

10	Geo. 3* c. 43. § 7. vol. 28.

As to falfe weights, &c. fameyear,

<• 44* § 9-As to raw hides from Ireland. 9 Geo. 3. r. 39. § 9.	28.

As to coalheavers, &c. 10 Geo. 3,

t. 53- § *5- **/• 28.

As to the tolls of London bridge.

11	Gee. 3. r. 26. § 7. vol. 29.

As to fitheries in the rivfcr Tweed, fame year, e. 27. § 13.

Gen	521

As to hackney coaches. 11	3.

t.24. § 4. & t.28. % 5. w/. 29.

As to gunpowder, «c. fame »

r.	61. § 27.	'

As to the prohibition of the exportation of live cattle, fame , r.

37.	§ 12.

As .to the navigation of the river Tbamef from London to 11 <?«. 3. e.45. § 52. vol. 29. 14 Geo. 3. e. ox.§ 23. t»/. 30.

As to the bounty on the importation of white oak (laves, &c. from America. 11 Geo. 3. e. 50. § 10. vol.

29.

As to the harbour of Great Tar-mouth. 12 Geo. 3. c. 14. vol. 29.

As to the lighting, See. of fame year, 1.17.

As to the revenue of excife on tea, $c. fame year, t. 46. § 21.

As to timber for tne navy, fame year, t. 54. § 5.

Undpt the a<5t refpeding frauds in trade between Great Britain and Ireland. fame year, e. 55. § 6.

As to the drawback on tea exported to Ireland, fame year, e. 60. § 13,

As to gunpowder, faipeyear, c. 61. $	27.

Under the adt for eftablifhing the marine fociety. fame year, c. 67. § ao.

As to the poor of St. Sepulchres parifh. fame year, e. 68.

As to paving Tottenham fame	year,c. 69.

As to the plate-glafs manufactory. 13 Geo. 3. c. 38. § 32. vol. 30.

As to the earl of Tbanct'S canal at Siipton. fame year, e. 47.

As to moor game. See. famt year,

f 55- § I®*

As to the regulation of the lying-in hofpital. fame year, c. 84. § 17.

As to Richmond bridge, in Surry, fame year, t. 83.

As to the prohibition of the trade M m 4	with

Digitized by

522	Gen

with Bojlon in America. 14 Geo. 3. e. 19. § 11. voI. 30.

As to madhoufes. fame year, c. 49.

§ 33-

As to quays. See. at Hull, in York-Jbipe. fame year, r. 56.

As to the exporting of utenfils ufed in the cotton, &c. manufadtures. fame year, c. 71. § 7. 21 Gr*. 3. r. 37. w/. 33.

As to diftillers, &c. 14 Geo. 3. r.

73* § x7* w/. 30.

As to the workhoufe in St. Savi~ our9sp2v\(h,Southwari.fameyear,c.y^.

As to the driving ot cattle within the bills of mortality, fame year, c. 87.

§ *3-

As to regulating the government of Quebec, fame year, e. 88. § 7.

As to retraining the trade ot North rAmerica. 15 Geo. 3. c. 10. § 18. & c. 18. § 12. vol. 31. 16 Geo. 3. c. 5. § 41. tfol. 31.

As to waggons ufed for coals. 15 Geo. 3. c. 27. § 7. vol. 31.

As to fiiheries. 15 Geo. 3. c. 31. § 37. Sc c. 46. § 7. 16 Gr*. 3. r. 36. vol. 31.

As to promiflbry notes under 26 j# 15 Geo. 3. c. 51. § 12. vol. 31.

As to pilots at Bojlon in Lincoln-Jbire. 16 Geo. 3. c. 23. w/. 31.

As to deer dealing, fame year, c.

30.	§ 24.

As to preventing fires at Brijlol. fame year, c. 33,

As to adtions brought by infolvent debtors. 16 Geo. 3. c. 38. § 36. vol.

31.	18 Geo. 3. c. 52. § 40. vol. 32. As to the puniihment of criminals

by hard labour. 16 Geo. 3. c. 43. § %i. vol. 31.

As to commiflions of reprifal. 17 Geo. 3. c. 8. § 22. vol. 31.

As to the manufadbures of worked. fame year, c. ii. § 24.

As to tolls for navigating the river Thames, fame year, c. 18. § 4?.

Gen

As to the duties on fervants and glafs, &c. fame year, c. 39. § 43. 21 Geo. 3. c. 21. vol. 33.

As to fmuggling by Eafl India (hips. 17 Geo. 3. r. 41. § 6. vol. 31.

As to the duty on audtions, &c. fame year, c. 50. § 28.

As to the duty on foap, &c. fame year,.c. 52. § 18.

As to frauds in manufadfures. fame year, c. 56. § 25.

As to paving the foothpaths in Whitechapel road. 18 Geo. 3. c. 37. vol. 32.

As to the furplus of the orphan’s fund, fame year, c. 48. 71, 72, & 73.

As to recruiting foldiers, See. fame year, c. 53. § 29.

As to building a fefiions houfe in Middlefex. fame year, c. 67.

As to the duty on ftarch. 19 Geo. 3. c. 40. § 23. vol. 32. 20 Geo. 3. c.

52.$ 16. vol. 33.

The like on pofthorfes. 19 Geo. 3. c. 51. § 40. vol. 32. 20 Geo. 3. c. 51. § 58. vol. 33.

The like on parchment. 19 Gee. 3. c. 66. § 14. vol. 32.

As to fmuggling. 19 Geo. 3. e. 69. § 14. vol. 32. 21 Geo. 3. r.,39. t*/. 33’

As to providing a place for confining convidts liable to tranfporta-tion. 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. § 71. vol. 32.

As to the bridge at Newcq/lle. fame year, c. 78.

As to the duty on legacies. 20 Geo. 3. r. 28. § 10. vol. 33.

The like on fait, fame year, e. 34,

§9-

The like on malt, fame year, c. 35, §26.

As to lighting' Gofwell ftreet, &c. fame year, c. 48.

As to making compenfation to the proprietors of lands, &c. in Kent an^i Effix, bought for dockyards, &c. 21 Geo. 3. c. io, vol. 33«

fa

Digitized by v^ooQle

Gen

As to the duty on paper-makers, tc. fameyear, c. 24.

As to omitting qualifications and iling affidavits of attorney’s clerks. me year, e. 25.

As to Colchejier river, and paving here, fame year, r. 30.

As to the bridge at Henley, fame ear, c. 33.

As to the bridge at Old Sboreham. rameycar,c. 35.

As to paving, &c. at the Devizes. fame year, e. 36.

As to profaning Sunday, &c. a/aOT* ywr, r. 49.

As to the duty on cocoa nuts, &c. fame year, t. 55.

As to the duty on almanacks, fame year, c. 56.

Geneva,

Imported in cafks under fixty gallons, forfeited. 5 Geo. 3. e. 43. vol. *6.

George, St. Mtddlefex.

See Paving.	•

Gildart, James.

The treafury may compound a debt from him to the crown, and his eftates vefted in Francis and James Gildart. 19 Geo. 3. c. 77. vol. 32.

Giles, St. and St. George, Bloom/-bury.

For employing the poor, and making and collecting rates. 14 Geo. 3. (.62. & 108. vol. 30.'

Glafs.

Lord Mountflewart and 22 others incorporated by the name of Cover-

G/«	523

/Mr ahd Company of Britijh Cajl Plate Manufacturers. 13	3. r. 38. w/.

30-

Duty on glafs imported by 19 Geo.

2.	r.v 12. to ceafe; in lieu thereof all plate, enamel, ftaihed and parte glafs, and window glafs flafhed, or fpread, or otherwife manufactured, and all white glafs and cakes imported to pay 1 j. 4<f. per pound weight; green glafs bottles and flafks, full or emp^ ty, per dozen (quarts) 4 s. and if rum forfeited, and the mafter of the (hip to forfeit 100/. 17 Geo. 3. c. 39. § 23. vol. 31.

Materials or metal for making glafs in Great Britain to pay,' viz.

For plate or flint, and ena- s. d. mel, fiained or parte glafs or phials, per hundred weight -	-	18	8

Spread window glafs, called

broad glafs, per hundred 7 O All other window glafs (not fpread) called crown glafs per ditto -	-	14 O

Glafs called German (beet

glafs per ditto -	14 o

Common bottles (not phials) and veflels for chy-mirts, and garden glaues and other utenfils of common bottle metal per hundred -	-	36

To be paid by the maker, and fuck entries made as by the former aCt. fame at1, § 26.

Gloves.

Foreign leather gloves and mits imported, to be fprfeited, and alfo 200/.; to be fold for exportation only; a moiety of the penalty to the King, the other to the officer feiz-ing, and the wearer not liable to penalty. 6 Geo. 3. c. 19. vol. 27. '

Digitized by Google

jC

Gol

524

Gold and Silver.

Receivers of ftolen jewels, gold or Iilver plate, oi watches, may bo tried before the conviction of the principal, and traniported for 14 years, to Geo. 3 t.40. 48.

Guardians of the llandard of wrought plate in Sheffield and mingham, four to be chofen yearly for each town, and on death or re* moval, to appoint others in their room. 13 Geo. 3.	52.	§	1,	2, 3.

vol. 30.

No piste to be fold without the initials of the worker's name, and other marks, &c. The mark for Birmingham an anchor, and for Sheffield a crown, and an aflayer to be chofen for each town, fame aft, § 4, 5-

Bafe metal in any piece of plate to be broken and forfeited, but if on cutting found good, recompence to be made to the owner (and many other regulations), fame , § 10.

Plate-workers to enter their names with the neareft company, on penalty of 100/.; counterfeiting or tranfpofing the marks, tranfportation for 14 years; putting letters on plated metal 100/. penalty, fame $ 13,14,15.

A flayers to take only 1 per pound troy, except parcel under a pound, nor to difcover patterns on penalty 6f 200 L fame aft, § 16,17,18.

Marks to be locked up by the wardens; the King’s afiayer to try the diet yearly, and the mailer of the mint to have 3/. 3*. and the allay mailer 19/. 10 s. for the fame, fame aft, § 22.

Act 31 Geo. 2. e. 32. $ 14. as to forging, counterfeiting, and tranfpofing (lamps on plate, repealed, and forging or counterfeiting the damps

Ora

ufed by the goldfmith’s company of London, or the wardens or aflayers of Tori, Exeter,Brijlol, Chefier, Norwich, or Netvcafile upon Tyne, or tranfpofing the fame from one piece to another, and expofing I'uch to fale, tranfportation for 14 years. 13

3.	c. 59. vol. 30.

Silver coin imported, not llandard, forfeited; if more than the amount of 51, of Iilver coin is found by the officers of the culloms on board any (hip in port, or upon any perlon coming from the waterfide, on fearch purfuant to 14 Car. 2. c. 11. if (land-ard to be refiored, if not to be forfeited and melted down, one moiety to the King, the other to the profe-cutor. 14 Geo. 3. e42. vol. 30. 16 Geo. 3. t. 54. vol. 31. — Continued till May 1, 1783, by 18 Geo. 3. c. 45. §

5. vol. 32.

No tender good in Iilver coin for more than 25 I.only by weight at 5 t.2d. per ounce. 14 Geo. 3. t. 42.

§ 2. vol.30.

Duty on Iilver plate by 29 Geo. 2. t. 14. to ceafe, except as to arrears.

17 Geo. 3. t. 39. § 42. vol. 31.

Grafs Inn Lane.

No toll gate to be therein, or between the fame and the road from Iflington to Paddington. 20 Geo. 3. t. 78. vol. 33

Greenwich

AH manors, lands, docks. Sic, now in trullees for the ufe of the hofpital veiled in the corporation of commilfioners and governors, and their fuccefiors for ever. 16 Geo. 3. c. 24. vol. 31.

Ads 22 Geo. 2. t. 52. fo much of 8 Gee. 2. c. 29. (fee	)

2s dire&s the commilfioners’ accounts

to

Digitized by LjOOQle

Gre

to be laid before parliament; and fo much of 33 Geo. 2. as relates to recovering penalties given to the hofpital, repealed, fame § 2. 9.

The lands, &c. to be held as of the manor of Eajl Greenwich, and on the Kjng’s death, fines to be paid by cuftomary tenants as on the death of a private perfon, and to be recovered in the fame manner, fame aU , $ 4*

Commiflioners may exchange lands, &c. in the parifhes of AUt~ wicby Embleton, and Warhvorthy with the duke of Northumberland, for lands, &c. in the common fields of Cor-bridge, and grant leafes, &c. j8 Geo. 3. c. 29. bol. 32.

Grenada and Grenadines.

Goods the produce or manufacture thereof, on board neutral (hips bound to neutral ports, not liable to be condemned as prizes; the matter having a certificate of the cargo from five perfons named in the a&, and if taken by the King’s (hips or privateers, on producing the certificate to be difcharged. 20 Geo. 3. e. 29. § 12. vol. 33.

Goods on board drogher going from one t^y to another there, if the whole cargo is taken in at Granada or Grenadines, not. fubjelt to condemnation. fame aft> § 3,4.

No fentence of vice admiralty before June 1, 1780, affeded, nor to extend to captures before the commander of a man of war or privateer knew of this ad. fame afl, $ 5,6.

Guernfey and Jerfey.

.Allowed to export goods, &c. (for the filhery) to Newfoundland and America, and to import from thence

Gum	525

(except rum). 9 Geo. 3. c. 28. vol.

28.

See Com, Fifh.

Gum Senega or Arabic.

On importation to pay 6 d. per hundred weight above all other du-tifcs, and on exportation 1 /. iox. per hundred, and the exportation from Africa confined to Great Britain. 5 Geo. 3. e. 37. vol. 26.

The duty of 11. 10 x. on exportation to ceafe, and only 5 s. per hundred to be paid, and may be exported to Ireland by licence purfuant to 6 Geo. 3. c. 46. free of the faid duty. 14 Geo. 3. e. io? vol. 28.,

Gunpowder.

The laws relating to the keeping and carriage of gunpowder reduced to one (but altered as after) and ads 5 Geo. 1. c. 26. 11 Geo. 1. e. 23. 5 Geo. 2. c. 20. § 3.5. 15 Geo. 2. c. 22. and \2 Geo. 2. c. 38. repealed. 11 Geo. 3. c. 35. vol. 29.	*

Ad 4 Geo. 2. e. 29. continued till Sept. 29, 1785. 12 Geo. 3. c. 56. J 1. vol. 29. 18 Geo. 3. c. 45. § 1. vol. 32-

No new mill for gunpowder without licence from the quarter feffions, and no pettle mill to be ufed, nor more than 40 pounds of powder to be made at a time under a (ingle pair of (tones, except at Battle^ CrowhurJi9 Seddlefcomcy and Brede, in Sujfex; not more than ' 40 pounds to be dried at a time, nor more than ne-ceflary to be kept in drying houfes, and fufficient magazine? of brick or (tone appointed by the quarter feffi-ons at a diftance from the mills, on penalty of 25/. per month. 12 Geo. 3. x. 61. vol. ig.

“ No dealer to keep more than 200

pounds

Digitized by

526	Hac

pounds at a time, but 300 pounds may be kepj for the ufe of mines; not more than 25 barrels to be conveyed by land, nor above 200 by water; not to extend to carnages of lefs than 100 weight, fame afl, §11,

12.	18.

Smoking or ufing charcoal. See. on board veflels laden with gunpowder, to forfeit 5 /. and for delaying loading, &c. 10/. fame afl, § 20, 21.

Juftices may fearch for and feize powder made contrary to the ad. fame ally § 23.

No (hip (except in the King’s fervice) to have more than 25 pounds of gunpowder above Black-fiw//, on penalty of 2 s. per pound for all above, and Trinity Houfe may feize unlawful quantities, and profe-cute in 14 days, fame aft, § 24, 25.

Not to extend to mills on the King’s lands, or his ftorehoufes, or the magazines at Barkings Creekf-mouth, and Erith Levels or thofe at Liverpool and Brijloly nor to powder carrying by the order of ordnance, expreffing the quantity and time, or with forces on their march, or militia, &c. and any quantity may be carried in dofe decked veflels below Blackball, fame afiy § 29, 30.

A«5t 11 Geo. 3. c. 35. and all other relating to the keeping or carrying gunpowder, repealed. fameafty § 31.

H,

Hackney Coaches, gEE Coaches.

HampJleady Middlcfext See Pavings

Har

Harbours.

For ereding a pier at the port of

St. Ives in Cornwall. 7 Geo. 3. c. 52. vol. 27.

For continuing the ads 13 IV. 3. c. 9. 10 Ann. c. 24. and 11 Geo. 2. c. 8. relating to the harbour of Mine-bead. 10 Geo. 3. c. 26. vol\ 28.

For making quays and wharfs, a bafon or dock, &c. at Kingflon upon Hull. 14 Geo. 3. c. 56. vol. 30.

For recovering and improving the haven of Hedony in the eaft riding of Yorkjhire. fame year, c. 106.

For continuing the ads 5 & 25 Geo. 2. and 3 Geo. 3. for enlarging the pier and harbour of Scarborough. 18 Geo. 3. c. 20. vol. 32.

For continuing the ads relating to the harbours of Dover and Rye. fame yeary c. 32.

To enable fir Heflor Monro to build and maintain an harbour and pier at Findhorn in Scotland, fame yeary c. 70.

For repairing the harbour, &c. of Aberyjlwith in Cardiganshire. 20 Geo. 3. c. 26. vol. 33.

For continuing the duties on coals by 23 Geo. 2. c. 39. for repairing the harbour, See. of Whitby in Yorkjhire^ 2i Geo. 3. c. 12. vol. 32.

Harryy William.

See Debts to the King.

Hartley, David.

The foie property of a method of fecuring buildings from fire throughout the King's dominions, veiled in him for 31 years. 17 Geo. 3. c. 6. § \. vol. 31.

Not to take more than 6 i. per fquarc foot for plates* ut^lefs mad$ of

copper*

Digitized by Google

Hem

Hat

copper, or other metal than iron, or more than io ounces avoirdupoifc per foot, fame aft) § 2. ’	*

o Hats.

A duty on hats of baft or ftraw, chip, cane, or horfehair, imported.

7 Geo. 3. r. 20. vol. 27.

This adl repealed, and the old fub-fidy to be paid according to the following rates, viz.

/. s. d.

Under 22 inches diameter, per dozen -	0126

Above that fize, per dozen 1	50

Platting per pound avoir-

dupoife -	-	068

To be imported to London only, and not lefs than 75 hats, or 224 pounds weight of platting. 10 Geo. 3. c. 43. vol. 28.

Adis 8 Eliz.c. 11. and 1 Jac. i.c. 17. repealed, and every matter hatter to employ one journeyman for each apprentice, or difabled to take two apprentices. 17 Geo. 3. c. 55. § 1, 2. vol. 31.

Journeymen combining, as mentioned in 22 Geo. 2. e. 27. (fee Ma-tiufailures) and convidled, muft before any appeal allowed, give a recognizance, &c. fame at7, § 3.

Attending combination or follicit-ing others fo to do, or contributing thereto, penalty 3 months imprifon'-xnent. fame afil § 4.

Adi 5 Eliz. c. 4. as to matter hatters, repealed \ but no hatmaker to adt as a jufticc under this adt, and not to repeal 22 Geo. 2. c. 27. fame § 5> 6, 7.

Haydon, Square.

See Paving.

527

♦

Hemp and Flax.

Drawback on the exportation of foreign rough hemp to ceafe. 6 Geo.

3. c. 45. § 8. vol. 27.

8000/. to be paid yearly by the King’s fign manual, out of the duties on linen imported by 7 Geo. 3. c.

58. (fee Linens) or T87 parts thereof for encouraging the raifing of hemp and flax, in England, and 7000 /. or f7; parts of the faid duties, to the commiffioners of the fiQieries in Scot-land, purfuant to 13 Geo. 1. c. 30. (fee Fijbery, Scotland) for raifing hemp and flax there. 10 Geo. 3. c. 40* vol. 28.

Importation of flax and feed permitted into Great Britain Or Ireland, in foreign (hips in amity. 21 Geo. 3. r. 19 vol. 33.

Adis 10 Geo. 3. c. 40. (above) repealed, and the management put under the board of trade, and 15,000 L yearly to be paid out of arrears in the exchequer of the duties on linens, and to be paid to the grower or perfon preparing them for market ;

s.	d.

For hemp per ftoneof 14#. o 3

For flax, the like -	04

To be raifed in England in the year 1782, and for 5 years after. 21 Geo. 3.	C.58.	§ I, 2, 3.	vol. 13.

Grower to exhibit his claim to a juftice, attefted by two parifh officers, and tranfmitted to the quarter feffi-ons; on receiving the bounty, to give bond in treble the fum, with condition to prove title thereto, fame

Qft, § 4, 5*

Juftices yearly at Michaelmas fefli-ons, for the faid five years, to pub-liih the bounties and conditions, and the names and places of abode of

the

Digitized by Google

\

528	He

the claimants, and make up |fce accounts yearly at Midfummer feflions, and tranfmit the fame to the board of trade, and the receivers of the land tax to pay each county by the order of the treafury. farm afl, § 6*

7> 8.

Grower or feller to give the buyer an account of the quantity, place where grown, and what year, and the feller to take a receipt, containing the fame particulars, and jufticel to fend the (late of the claims to the board of trade, who are to give an accoqnt annually to parliament, farm a&, § 9, io, ii.

. Board of trade may make further rules, and the clerk of the peace to have a reafonable allowance for his trouble. AQs 7 Geo. 3. c. 58. and 10 Geo. 3. c. 4®. to continue, except where altered, and this a£t to continue 5 years from Aug* 1, 1782, &c. fame a&, § 12,13,14,15.

Henley upon Thames.

For uniting the fchools of King fames the Firft, and lady Elizabeth Periam. j8 Geo. 3. c. 41. vol. 32.

See Bridges.

Hereford, City of.

See Paving.

\

'	Herrings.

Bounties of 3 per cent, per ann. by 23 Geo, 2. c. 24. and 50 per ton by 30 Geo. 2. c. 30.	contin 4 years,

(fee	Fijband Fijbery). 5 Geo. 3, c. 22.

vol. 26.

Hertford.

See Gaols.

Hlg

Hghgdte, Mddlefex.

See Paving.

Highways.

All a&s relating thereto reduced to one. 7 Oh. 3.	42.	27. 8

Geo. 3. t. 5. vol. 28.

Both repealed, and on the azd of Sept, yearly, 10 perfons to be returned by the conftable to the juftice* to be furveyors, and refuting to ferve penalty 51, and if not in the lift 50 s. but not to ferve again in three years. 13 Geo. 3. c. 78. § 1. vol. 30.

If no lift, j unices may appoint furveyors, with a falary of not more than one eighth of a 6 alfefttnenr, together with an inhabitant as affift-ant, which furveyor is to give fecu-rity, or two thirds of the parifhioners may eledt a furveyor with a (alary, which the juftices are to allow. Jam aft, to § 5.

No tree or bulh to ftand within 15 feet of the centre of any highway, on forfeiture of 10 s. ana hedges to be cut low by the occupier, on penalty of 2 s.per 24 feet, and to make ditches, &c. on forfeiture of 101. fame ait, to % 8.

No (tone, timber, ftraw, dung, &c. to be laid in the highway, or within 15 feet of the centre, or other obftru&ion or nuifance, and furveyor may make new ditches, &c. where neceilary. fame ait, to § 16.

Cartways to be 20 feet wide, and horfeways eight, and juftices may order highways to be widened or turned, and land to be purchafed; direction pofts to be fet up, on penalty of 20 s.on the furveyor j materials may be taken where they can be found, and paid for by the furveyor.

Hig

veyor, and pits made by him to be fccurcd. fame aft, to § 31.

Each perfon keeping a team with

3	horfes, and occupying 50/. per ann. to do fix day’s duty, with a carriage, 2 horfes and 2 men, and the like for every other 50 /. per ann. If under 50 /. per ann. to fend a cart and one man ; other perfons to pay 1 d. per pound of their rent for each of the fix days, and keeping drawing horfes to fend them, or pay is. for each day deficient; and labourers, &c« under 60, renting 4/. per ann. to work fix days, or pay 2 s. Three men in lieu of a team, or to pay

4	s. 6 d. per day, for a team, and 2 s. for a cart, and labourers to pay 4 i. per day; and if duty and compofi-tions are inefficient, furveyor may make an aflefihnent of not more than 6 d. per pound per ann. and furvey-or’s accounts to be fettled with the parifh, and allowed by a juftice. fame aft, to % 48.

Damaging banks, Sec. in highways, forfeiture not more than 5 /• nor lefs than 10;. or imprifbnment for one month, and not lefs than 7 days, fame aft, § 52.

Waggons with wheels o inches broad, may be drawn by 0 horfes, carts by 5; wheels of 6 inches, waggons by 7 horfes, cans by 4; wheels of lefs breadth, waggons by

5	horfes, carts by 3; penalty 5 /. ana not lefs than 10 s. and forfeiture of all the horfes, &c. above the number ; drawing one ftone, Sec. or the King’s ammunition, &>• excepted; wheels 16 inches broad may be drawn by any number of horfes; owners’ names to be on all carriages let to hire; and drivers punilhahle by iuftices. fame aft, § 60.

No alehoufe on bridges where tolls are taken, and all incroach-ments on highways to be taken

Hig	529

down by the furveyor, and the offender to forfeit 40 s. fame aft, § 63.

Surveyor and inhabitants good witnefies. fame aft, § 68. 76.

Not to extend to the parilhes of St. Mary, TVbitechapcl and St, John* flapping, nor to abridge the powers of the commiffioners or fewers. fame atly § 86,87.

Weighing engines diredted to bo eredted at turnpikes; waggons with four wheels 16 inches broad may carry

T.H.

In fummer	-	-	80

Winter	-	-	70

With 9 inch wheels, rolling 16 inches, in fummer 6 10 In winter -	60

With 9 inch wheels, in fummer	-	-	60

In winter	-	-	5 10

With 6 inch wheels, in fum-mcr	-	-	4 5

In winter	-	-	3 ij

Rolling 11 inches, in fummer 5 10

In winter	-	-50

Lefs than 6 inch wheels, in fummer	, -	-	3 10

In winter	-	-30

Carts with 9 inch wheels, in fummer	-	-	30

In winter	-	- 2 15

Six inch ditto, in fummer 212 In winter	-	- 2 7

Lefs than 6 inches, in fummer -	-	1	10

In winter	-	-17

From the ift of May to the 31ft of Oftober to be deemed fummer, and winter the reft of the year; forfeiture for over weight to s. per hundred weight, and the driver for refilling to be weighed 40;. 13 Geo. 3. e. 84. § 1. vol. 30.

Every turnpike having a weighing engine in one year to be continued

5	years

Digitized by L,ooQle

53°	Hig

5 years beyond the prefent term. fame at7, § 5.

Not to extend to carriages ufed in hufbandry, and no compofition with carriages having lefs than 6 inch wheels, fame aft, § 9.—This a<51 extended (except the parts repealed) to all turnpikes in England, and to all a£t9 after made. 21 Geo. 3. c. 20. vol 33.

No fide toll-gate to be eredted without an order made at a publick meeting, on notice, and figned by 9 truftees; nor any-toll paid for pafling lefs than 100 yards on the road, except over a bridge, fame aft, § 34.

Sedt. 12. relating to weighing carriages above 20 miles from London, repealed. 14 Geo, 3. c. 14. vol. 30.

Adi 28 Geo. 2. c. 17. for repairing turnpike roads, continued• fame year, r. 36.

Adi: 13 Geo. 2. c. 84. § 34. repeal-ed, fo far as affedls toll-gates fet up by virtue of any adt before that year. fame y ear, c* 57.

Adi 13 Geo. 3. c. 84. § 1. as to taking additional tolls of 20;. per hundred^ for over weight, and as to waggons, See. permitted to be drawn by an unlimited number of horfes, repealed, and to take for over weight,

s. d.

For the ift and 2d hundred, per hundred -	-	02

To the 5th, per hundred o 6

To the 10th, per hundred	2 6

To the 15th, per hundred	5 o

For all above 20 j. per hundred. fame year, c. 82. § 1, 2.

No carriages employed in hufban-dry to be weighed, and tolls for over weight, may be lowered within 10 miles of London, fame aft, § 3,4.

Waggons on rollers of 16 inches to be toll free for 5 years, and after to pay half toll, fame aft, § 5.

Hoi

Adi 13 Geo. 3. c. 84. § 79. relating to flat tires, repealed, and all wheels 6 inches broad, and the fellies or tire not deviating above one inch from flat, deemed flat. 16 Geo. 3. c. 39. vol. 31.

Adi 13 Geo. 3. c. 84. § 23. relating to double tolls on narrow wheels, fufpended till Sept. 29, 1778, and all leffees of tolls releafed at the end of the current year, if required. 16 Gee. 3. c. 44. vol. 31.

Holy Days and Faft Days,

Houles opened for publick amufe-ment or debate on Sundayf, to which perfons pay for admittance, deemed diforderly houfes, and the keeper to forfeit 2001, each Sunday, and the prefident 100/. and doorkeeper, &c. 50/. to the profecutor. 21 Geo. 3. c. 49. § 1. vol 33.

Perfons adling as mafter or mi-ftrefs, deemed the owner, ,and joint owners each liable to the whole penalty, and if refrefhments are fold for more than on other days, and houfes opened by fubfeription for debate liable, fame aft, § 2.

Advertifing the fame, 50/. penalty to be recovered by action in 6 months. fame aft, § 3, to 6.

Not to affiedt the ecdefiaftical courts, but offenders may alfo be punifhed there; nor to affedl the toleration adt of i W. Sc M. 1.18. (fee Nonconformijls). fame aft, § 7, 8.

Hops.

Officers to weigh bags, and mark the weight thereon before the hops are put in, and alfo the planter’s name, and date of. the year. 14 Geo. 3. c. 68. vol. 30.

Hofpitals.

Digitized by t^ooQle

Hof

Hofpitals.

For cftabltfhing the prefident, vice-prefident, treafurer, and governors of the Magdalen hofpital, for the reception of penitent proftitutes, and well governing fiich hofpital, and for ex-tinguifhing the right of common of lands in St. George's fields, in Surrey.

9 Geo. 3. c. 31. vol 28.

Hofpitals for lying-in women to have a licence from the quarter fefli-ons on a 5 (lamp, and an infcrip-tion over the door. 13 Geo. 3. c. 82.

§ 1. vol, 30.

Baftard children born there, not to be chargeable to the parifh where the hofpital (lands, and the charges of removing the mother or child (within 20 miles of the hofpital) to be paid by the parifh whereto removed, and the parilh where the woman is fettled, may take up the father of a baftard child, and proceed as before this a ft. fame afly § 5, to 9.

Matter of the hofpital to have wo-‘ men examined by a juftice before ad-miflion, unlefs affidavit is produced whether (he is married or Angle, as the cafe may be; and 4 days notice to be given to the parifh before any woman,' delivered of a baftard child, is difcharged, and if not able to go out, (he may be kept, but not more than fix weeks, fame afty to § 15.

Mafter of the hofpital, &c. not complying with the rules to forfeit 50/. and overleers, &c, 10/. on action, in fix calendar months, fame aft, § 16.

Houfes and Windows.

From Ofiober 10, 1766, the duties by 20 Geo. 2. c. 3. 31 Geo. 2. c. 22. end 2 Geo. 3. c. 8. to ceafe, and m lieu thereof, on every dwellinghoufe Vol. XXXIII.

Hou	531
Inhabited in England. 3 s. 4tr ann. in	
Scotland, i s.  In Great Britain for 7 windows each	5. 4. 0 2
8 ditto.	0 6
9 ditto.	0 S
10 ditto.	0 10
11 ditto.	1 0
12 ditto.	1 2
13 ditto.	1 4
14 to 19 ditto.	1 6
20 ditto.	1 7
21 ditto.	1 8
23 ditto.	1 10
24 ditto,	1 11
And 25 or more, each -	2 0

And houfes in Scotland under five windows exempt; to be paid quarterly, and the afiefiments to be yearly from the fifth of April. 6 Geo. 3. c.

38.	vol. 27.

All powers, authorities, rules, di-re&ions, penalties, forfeitures, &c. in force, and not altered in acta 20 Geo• 2. c. 3. 31 Geo. 2. c. 22. 2 Geo. 3. c. 8. 20 Geo. 2. c. 42? and 21 Geo.

2.	e. 10. for levying the faid duties, enforced throughout Great Britain, fame § 7.

The powers and directions of 26 Geo. 2. c. 17. not altered by the laft act, to be enforced in Scotland, and all proceedings and commiflions under the fame good. 7 Geo. 3. t, 33. vol. 27.

From July c, 1778, a duty on all inhabited houfes, except farm houfes, according to their value per emn.

s. 4.

Of 5/. and under 50/. per ann. per pound -	-	06

All above -	-	10

Befides the duty by 6 Geo. 3. c. 38. to be paid quarterly in England, and half yearly in Scotland) and a defied as Nn	the

Digitized by Google

532	tiox

the window tax. 18 Geo. 3. c. 26. vol. 32.

The laft above duty altered, viz. Houfes from 5 /. to 20 /. per ann. s. d.

per pound per anti. -	06

To 40 /. per ann.	-	09

Upwards of 40 /. per ann.	1	o

19	Geo. 3. r. 59. W. 32.

Shops and warehoufes attached to or communicating with dwelling-houfes (except belonging to wharfs) to be charged therewith, but not if leparate, and only ufed for lodging goods, or for manufactories, and coachhoufes, and other offices, yards and gardens, not above an acre, to be valued with the dwellinghoufe. fame aft, to § 10.

Where only a perfon refides to take care of a houfe, not to be deemed inhabited, but halls and offices paying parifh rates, chargeable, fame aft, § 11. 13.

Claufe 18 Geo.3.0.26. § 20. whereby the commiffioners might enlarge, alter, abate, or diminifh affeflments, repealed, fame art, § 7.

Farm houfes ufed only for huf-bandry, under 10/. per ann. not charged, nor any houfe for the reception of poor, or if not occupied by the owner, or rented by a tenant. fame aft, § 12.

Commiffioners to be fworn to a& uprightly, and thofe of the city of London to have 20001, qualification ; on penalty of 2001, fame aft, § 14,15.

Hoxton.

For enclofing the fquare there, &c. ly Geo. 3. e. 60. vol. 31.

1

Hudfon’s Bay.

200 quarters of wheat, meal, or flour, and 260 quarters of oats, meal, grotts, barley, peafe, beans, malt, i

Hul

and bifcuit, may be exported yearly for the company’s fervants, &c. ana the fame bounty as allowed to other places. 14 Geo. 3. c. 26. vol. 30.

Hull.

See York and Hull.

Humber.

Light houfes to be removed near to the fpurn head at the mouth of the river 'Humber. 6 Geo. 3. c. 31. vol.

27.	12 Geo. 3. c. 29. vol. 29.

Huntingdonfhire.

Corporation eftabliffied for the relief of clergymen’s widows and children in that county. 15 Geo. 3. e. 24. vol. 31.

j-

Jamaica.

^ E E Plantations.

Indemnity.

See Riots, and Marjhal of tbe Kings Bench.

India (Eajl) Company.

May export goods to Africa. 5 Geo. 3. c. 30. vol. 26. 20 Geo. 3. e. 19. vol. 33.

No dividend after June 24, 1776, but by vote by ballot at a general court, pn feven day’s notice; nor to increafe the fame beyond 10L per cent, per ann. after May 8, 1767, till

the

Digitized by v^.ooQle

Ind

the next feflion of parliament; nor to ballot on any queftion to take place in lefs than eight hours after,, and no ballot to begin later than 12 at noon, nor clofe before 6 in the afternoon. 7 Geo. 3. c. 49. vol 27. 8 Geo. 3. c. 11. vol. 28.

The company to pay 400,000/. per ann. into the exchequer for two, years for the territorial revenues. 7 Geo. 3. c. 57. vol. 27.

This payment continued for five years at the difpofal of parliament, and the dividends may be increafed to 12/. 10 J. per cent, per ann. 9 Geo.

3.	c. 24. to § 5. vol. 28.

The company to export Britijb goods to the value of 380,837 /. per ann. to give bond and fpecify goods on oath, and if more is exported in one year, the furplus to be put to the next year’s account, fame aft, § 7-

If they have cafh at home to pay their fimple contract debts, and equal to the publick debt due to them; to lend the furplus to the publick at 21, per cent, per ann. and to give a date of their affairs and cafh annually to the treafury on oath, fame aft, § 8.

To forfeit to the company 100/. fer cent, for illicit trade bcfides the duties, and the company’s fervants exporting warlike (lores to be fold in India, or afliding therein* may be profecuted in the King’s Bench, and fined and imprifoned. 10 Geo. 3. c. 47. vol. 28.

A dividend the fame as the lad, and the chairman declaring the fame, deemed notice, and no ballot in lefs than 24 hours after the queftion put and adjourned, fame aft, §

3*

The company’s fervants guilty of crimes in India, may be tried in the King’s Bench, and the fadts alleged

Ind	53J

in Middle ft x, and the defendant to give notice of the fubdance of his defence, and not to give other matter in evidence, fame aft, § 4. 7.

The company not to build more (hips (except thofe building) till the tonnage is reduced to 45,000 tons, builders’ meafure, on penalty of 5000/. nor to hire (hips built fince March 18, 177a* on the like penalty; but may build (hips in India or £r/-tifb America. 12 Geo. 3. c. 54. voL

29.

After Dec. 7, 1772, for 6 months, the company not to grant commif-fions with extraordinary powers to tranfacl their affairs in India, unlefs allowed by a<5t of parliament. 13 Geo. 3. c. 9. vol. 30.

Inftead of 24 diredlofs as now elected annually, to be fix for one year, fix for 2 years, fix for 3 years, and fix for 4 years, and fo annually, on the fecond Wednefday in April, fix to be eledled to continue each 4 years. 13 Geo. 3. c. 63. § 1. vol. 30.

None in the company’s fervice abroad to be directors till refident Jrl England two years, fame aft, § 2. 17 Geo. 3. c. 8. vol. 31.

All collufive transfers in truft to make votes, abfolute, and fecurities to transfer void, and the perfon transferring to forfeit 1000/. and after Oftober 1, 1773, no vote unlefs poflefled of 1000/. flock 12 months before the eledlion, 3000/. to have 2 votes, 60001, to have 3 votes, and 10,000/. to have 4 votes; to vote on oath, and liable to perjury, fame aft, § 3, to 6.

A governor general and four coun-cellers indituted for the civil and military government of Bengal, Babar, and Oriffa, and if they differ in opinion, the majority to decide, if equal, the governor, or (if no governor) the elded counceller to have N n 2	the

Digitized by UooQle

534 Ind

the,catting vote; and they to fcon-troul the prefidencies of Madras, Bombay and Bencoolen, as to war and peace (except on imminent necfcffity) who are to obey their orders, and they to be fubordinate to the court of dire&ors, who are to tranfmit copies of their advices relating to civil or military affairs to the fecretary of ftate. fame atf^ § 7, 8.

The King by charter may appoint a fupreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, to confift of 2 chief juftice and three other judges, wnth jurifdi&ion over the provinces of Bengal, Babar and Orijfa j to determine complaints againlt the King’s fubje&s for crimes, &c, and actions againft any employed by the company, but not to try indidtments againft the governor or council for offences not treafon or felony, fame ca, to § 15*

May determine fuits on contfa&s againft the inhabitants for above 500 current rupees, where fuch inhabitant hath agreed the fame fhould be determined in the faid court, and fuch fuits may be brought inthefirft inftance, or by appeal from other courts, fame aRy § 16.

The governor, council, chief and other judges not to be arrefted; and all perfons may appeal to the King in council, on fecurity given, fame fitly § 17* 18.

The charter of Geo. 2. eftabliftiing the mayor’s court of Calcutta (if a new charter granted purfuant to this a<5t) to ceafe, and the records to be transferred to the new court, famt at7, § 19, 20.

The governor to have 25000/. per annum falary, each of the council

10,000	/. chief juftice 8000/. and each judge 6000/. to be paid out of the revenues of the faid provinces, and not to have perquifites or pre-

Ind

fents, or to trade (except on the company’s account. Jame atty §21,

33-

No civil or military officer under the crown or company to accept of any gratuity, &c. from any prince or native, on forfeiture of double value, and liable on convi&ion to be font to England, unlefs they give fecurity to quit the country in 12 months ; but councellers at law, phyficians, and chaplains, may take fees in their profeffion; and the company may recover the value of fuch prefents, &c. as received to their ufe (waving the penalty), fame atl> § 24, 25, 26.

No collector of the revenues or other officer of juftice, &c. to trade in fair, beetle nut, tobacco or rice, (except on account of the company) on forfeiture thereof with treble the value, but may fell ftock in hand, declared on oath, for nine months, and trade in Fort William and town of Calcutta. Jame at7, § 27, 28, 29.

Intereft of money limited to 12 per cent. per ann. oa penalty of treble value, one moiety to the company, the other to the profecutor, and the informer compounding liable to fine and imprifonment. fame atly § 30,

31.

Perfons difmiffed or refigning the company’s fervice, not to trade, but only to difpofe of their ftock in hand, and the company's fervants convifted of breaches of truft may be fined and imprifoned, and fent to England* fame§ 32, 33.

Offences to be tried in the fupreme court by a jury of Britijb fubjefts, refident at Calcutta, and the company may compound ordifeharge the fcn-tences of the faid court, or reftore fervants difmiffed, by the confent of three fourths of the directors and proprietors at a court by ballot, on 14 days notice, fame atl> § 34, jjp

Digitized by Google

Ind

The governor and council may make regulations as to civil govern* ment (not repugnant to the laws of the realm) but not to be in force till regiflered in the fupreme court, and fubje& to appeal to the (ving in council, and copies to be fixed up in the India houfe, and fem to the fe-cretary of (late, and if not difapprov-ed by the King in two years, good, and the governor and council may aft as juftices of the peace, and hold quarter feffions. farm aft, § 36, 37,

38.

The governor general, prefident, governor, or council of any fettle-ment, or the chief or other judges, may be tried in the King's Bench, for offences committed in India, and upon indi&raent there, upon mandamus, the fupreme court may examine witnefles on oath, according to thpir religion, taken in writing, and returned to be good evidence, and the parties to have copies of demolitions ; and in cafe of proceeding in parliament, the lord chancellor or fpeaker of the commons, to fend their warrant to India to examine witnefles, &c. in like manner, to be good evidence, and no proceedings to be difcontinued by prorogation of parliament. On fuits by the company in law or equity, fqch mandamus may be granted to examine witnefles, but not in capital cafes, (except in parliament). fame aft, §

39* * 45-

Privileges of the company, not

varied, to remain, fame aft, § 46.

For payment of the company's debts due to the publick, the treafury to iflue exchequer bilis for 1,400.000/. which the bank is to advance, and on payment into the exchequer, the company indemnified againft damages incurred under 7 Geo. 3 c. 57. and 9 Geo. 3. c. 24.

M	S3!

and thereout to be paid firft all due from the company for cuftoms, then 117,314/. is. 3and $4,842/. 8 s. j$d. for deficiency of duty on tea, and then 600,000 /. to the bank, and the remainder towards difcharg-,ng 369,398/. 185. 2d. due from the company purfuant to 9 Geo. 3. c. 24. 13 Geo. 3, c. 64. vol. 30.

Till the faid 1,400,000/. is repaid* and the company’s bond debt reduced to 1,500,00©/. no dividend to exceed 6 /. per cent. and after repayment, till the bonds are reduced as above, nQf to exceed 7 /. per cent. and the fur-plus of their clear revenue to go in difcharge of the faid debt, fame aIf * to & 14.

Statements of their accounts to be delivered ha/f yearly to the treafury, and the company not to accept of bills for more than 300,000/. without the confent of the treafury, and to export the fame quantity of goods 4$ before mentioned, fame aft, § 15, to 18. ,19 Geo. 3. c. 61. vol. 33. 20 Geo. 3. c. 56. § 3, 4. vol. 33.

Tune allowed for the company to fell finglo and bohea tea in hand, and for drawback on exportation to Ireland or America, but to keep the Enghjh market fupplied, or the treafury may licence others to import tea. 14 Geo. 3. c. 34. vol. 30.

Further tiqie allowed for drawbacks on muflins and callicoes, and for felling tea and coffee as before/ 16 Geo. 3, c. 51. vol. 31. 19 Geo. 3. (. 4. vol. 33.

The territorial acquifitions in India to remain to the company till April 5, 178$, and no dividend above 8/. per cent, in the, mean time, and the governor and council of Fort IViiUam continued, unlefs removed by the King on the reprefejitation yf the directors, and the rights of the crown or company not affected after the

N n 3

Digitized by

S36	I*11*

expiration of this adh 19 Geo. 3. c. 61. vol. 32. 20 Geo. 3. r. 56. §vj, 2. 21 Gr*. 3. r. 65. § 36. vol. 33.

The company indemnified for what they paid for building three (hips for the publick. 20 Geo. 3. c.

56.	§ 7. vol. 33.

The company to pay 400,000/. by inftalments, and the provifo in 17 Geo. 3. c. 1*]. § 13, 14. vol. 18. repealed^ and the exclufive right of the company to trade continued, and other perfons trading in India fubjedf to the penalties in 7 Geo. 1. c. 21.— 21 Geo. 3. c. 65. § x, 2j 3. vol. 33.

The company to enjoy all privileges, &c. by charter, not altered by this adl. fame aft, § 4.

On three year’s notice, after the firft of March, 1791, and repayment of the capital, the exclufive trade to ceafe, but the corporation to continue, &c. fame all) § 5,6.

The territorial acquifitions to remain to the company, and they t<K retain annually 81, per cent, on their flock, and if any furplus three fourths to the publick to be paid into the exchequer, and one fourth to the company to be paid on the firft of May yearly, fame aft) § 9, 10, 11.

38-

The company may increafe their dividends to 12/. 10 s. per cent, at 1 /. per cent. per ann. and to give an account to the treafury yearly of their effedts and debts; and to pay the King two lacks of rupees per ann. for each regiment of 1000 men fent to India) and during the war to visual the thips of war fent there, and the treafury to pay one fourth part; but if the company cannot divide 81, per cent, per ann. the publick to pay more, and after peace the company to find vidtualling, and to fend naval ftores to India as defired by the navy board, and the treafury

Ind

to pay for the fame, though taken or loft, fame aft, § 21.

The company to repair the men of war in India, and during war to be paid by the treafury, but in peace at their own expence, fame aft, § 22, 23-

No bills of exchange to be drawn in India for more than 300,000 /. (exclufive of 80c,0001, to commanders) in a year, and no bills ifiued in India to be paid here without the confent of 18 diredtors* fame aft) §

27.

Britijh fubjedts in India to refide within ten miles of fome principal fettlement, and not to lend money to any foreign company, and any per-fon fending Indian goods to Europe (except the company) to forfeit double the value; and fuits by the company againft private traders not to be flopped or penalties or damages mitigated, fame aft) § 31.

Regulations as to recruits and de-ferters and the company’s (hips to be deemed Britijh. fame aft) § 33.

Copies of all letters, &c. by the company touching their revenues to be given to the treafury, and thofe to their civil and military affairs to the fecrerflry of (late, 14 days before the fame are fent. fame aft) § 34.

In cafe of death or refignation, &c, of governor or council of Fort IVil-Ham) the diredlors by the King's confent to.appoint, Sec. but the governor not to have any falary till he takes the office; and the commander in chief there, if in council, to rank as fecond, but not to be governor without lpecial appointment; fame ail, § 36, 37.

The faid governor and council not to be fubjedt to the fupreme court, and perlons adting by their order juftified (except Britijh fubjedts) and the faid governor, &c.

fub—

Digitized by Google

Ind

fubje& to courts in Great Britain. fame year, c. 70. §1, to 4.

Complainants againft the governor and council, to give bond to profecute in Great Britain, and may have orders,&c. complained of, produced, and authentick copies may be given in evidence, but the profe-cution to be in five years, fame atly § 5» 6.

Supreme court not to have jurif-di&ion as to the revenue, or land owners or farmers, or the company’s Britijh fervants, except for trefpaffes or in civil fuits Fubmitted to tJ,eir decifion. fame afi, § 8, 9, 10.

The names of all the natives in the company’s fervice in any judicial office to be entered in a book, and on death or removal, the like entry of fucceffor. fame afly §11, \i.

Briti/h fubjetfts to enter in the provincial office the names of their native agents, &c. to be tranfmitted *0 Calcutta, for a fee of one ficca rupee, and employing agents not re-giftered, penalties by the company’s fervants 500/. and by others ipo /. and no native intitlea to his falary till regiftered, and Briti/h fubjetfts trading with native partners, not regiftered, to forfeit his (hare of the profits, which may be fued for by any other Britijb fubjefh fame atty § J3, to 16.

Supreme court to determine actions at Calcutta, between Mahometans and GentiiSy preferring the authority of fathers and mafters of families, and may form procefs, &c. with the King’s approbation, fame atiy § 17, 18, 19.

The governor and council to determine pleas and appeals, and to be deemed a court of record, and to be final, except on appeal to his Ma-jefty; in civil fuits of 5000/. value, tfie governor and council may make

Ind	53	7

regulations for the provincial courts* fame atty § 21, 22, 23.

Judicial officers in the country courts not amenable to the fupreme court, and no information againft them without notice, nor liable to arreft till default of appearance; and certain natives imprifoned, difeharg-ed on fecurity, and may appeal to the King, fame at7, § 24, to 27.

The governor and council indemnified in refifting the fupreme court, fame aft, § 28.

Indica.

See Plantations*

Infalvent Debtors*

Relieved by 5 Geo. 3. c. 41. voh

26.	9 Geo. 3. c. 26. vol. 28. 12 Geo% 3. c. 23. vol. 29. 14 Geo. 3. c. 77. vol 30. 16 Geo. 3. c. 38. vsl 31. 18 Geo. 3. c. 52. vol. 32. 21 Geo. 3. c,

63.	vol. 33.	•

Attornies receiving or fervants embezzling money, &c. or obtaining goods, See. by falfe pretences, or fraudulently moving goods, &c. liable to rent, or fraudulently making over goods, &c. after in cuftody, to lofe the benefit of the laft a# 1 which is not to extend to crown debtors, or thofe difeharged by any infolvent aft within 10 years, unlefs they inlift in the land or fea fervice; nor to Scot-landy and thofe furrendered purfuant tq 20 Geo. 3. i. 64. or 21 Geo. 3. c.

13.	not to be deemed in cuftody, fame atJ.

Infurance.

Qn lives, or other event, where the infurer hath no intereft, void; and perfons names interefted to be inferted in the policy, and pot to recover more than the value of fuch

N n 4	intereft,

Digitized by Google

538

intereft, but not to prevent the in-furance of (hips bona fide. 14 Geo. 3.

48. w/. 30.

See Stamps.

Intereft of Money.

All mortgages of land in Ireland . or the colonies, executed in Great Britain, as good as if where the lands }ie,\and not fubjelt to 12 An.Jl. 2. r. 16. and all transfers of mortgages there good, if not more lent than the value of the land, &c. a«id borrowing more than the value, to ^forfeit treble the fum, half to the informer, and the other to Greenwich hofpital, and all mortgages to be regiftercd in the colonies, &c. 14 Geo. 3. c. 79. vol 30.

Journeymen.

See Manufactures*

Ireland.

Salted beef, pork, bacon and butter may be imported from thence on payment of fait duties, viz.

s. d.

For beef or pork per barrel 3 4 For dried beef, tongues, &c.

per hundred weight -	13

For fait butter per hundred o 4

And no drawback on exportation. 5 Geo.	3. c.	1. vol. 26.	6	Geo. 3. c.	1.

7 Geo.	3. c.	1. vol. 27.	8	Geo. 3. r.	9.

9 Geo.	3. r.	9. vol. 28.	10	3.	c.

2. 11	Geo.	2. c. 6. 12	Geo. 3. r.	2.

w/. 29. i$Geo. 3. r. 4. 14 G^. 3. r. 9. w/. 30. extended to potatoes and pulfe, which may be imported duty free. 15 Geo. 3. e. 7. Made perpetual by 16 Geo. 3. c. 8. vol. 31.

Free importation of all cattle from

Ire

Ireland. 5 Geo. 3. c. 10. vol 26. 1^ Geo. 3. e. 56. W. 29. 16 Geo. 3.	8.

ttf/. 31.

A drawback of 1 s. per pound on raw (ilk, and the whole additional 6 d. per pound on thrown (ilk exported to Ireland\ but not to be reexported, on forfeiture of the (hip. See.

5 Geo. 3. c. 29. vol 26.

Spirits of any kind (except two gallons to each Teaman for the (hip’s ufe) entered for exportation from Ireland to any port not in that kingdom, in veflels under 100 tons, the (hip, &c. forfeited. 5 Geo. 3. e. 43.

§ 30. vol. 26.

Gum fenega and gum arabic may be exported to Ireland* not more than thirty tons in one year. 6 Geo. 3. e.

46.	§ 5, 6. vol. 27.

Non-enumerated goods from America may be landed in Ireland. 7 Geo.

3. e. 2. vol 27.

15,235 men upon the eftablifli-Irtent in Ireland. 8 Geo. 3. c. 13. vol.

28.

Goods prohibited to be imported from Ireland, not to be exported from thence to Great Britainor if entered for foreign ports, not to be landed in Great Britain, on forfeiture of the drawback and treble the value with the (hip, &c. 12 Geo. 3. c. 55. §1,2. vol. 29.

Rum, &c. of the colonies, not to be imported to Ireland in (hips under 70 tons, nor foreign fpirits in (hips under 100 tons (except two gallons for each feaman) on forfeiture with the (hip, &c. and may be feized and condemned in Ireland, fame a&% § 5-No part of the old lubfidy drawn back on fugars from the colonies exported to Ireland. 12 Geo. 3. c. 6. § 6. vol. 29.

Rape and other feeds producing oil, may be imported from Ireland at 1 s. per lad, and rape cakes for manure

Digitized by

Ire

nurc duty free. 15 Geo. 3. c. 34. voL

31-

Clothing and accoutrements for the forces abroad in Irijb pay, may be exported from' Ireland directly, and an additional bounty of 5 s. per hoglhegd for flax feed imported into Ireland, fame year, c. 45.

The like on flax feed, the growth of the united provinces, or the Au Jlrian Netherlands imported to Ire* land. ib Geo. 3. c. 41. 18 Geo. 3. e.

43.	vol. 32.

All goods the manufacture or pro* duce of Ireland (except wool and woollen and cotton goods, hats, glafs, hops, gunpowder and coals) may be exported to America or Africa in (hips which may lawfully trade thqre, as well as Britijb goods, which have been exported to Ireland (except woollen manufactures and glafs) and likewife all foreign certificate goods, but not foreign linens, bar iron or iron wares, until certain duties are laid on iron by the Irijb parliament, but if a bounty be granted there on the exportation of iron, this liberty to ceafe. 18 Geo. 3. c. 55. to § 5. voh

32-

No cotton manufactures to be exported from Ireland to America, without certificate, on forfeiture of the goods, and the liberty of exporting Irijb manufactures not tef take place, till the duties are laid thereon equal to thofe in Great Britain, fame § 6, 7.

The bounties by 15 Geo. 3. c. 31. and 16 Geo. 3. c. 47. (fee Fijbery) to be paid for (hips belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, and fbips built in Ireland belonging to the King’s fub-jeCts deemed Britijb built, fame a&, § 8, 9.

Cotton yarn manufactured in Ire-land may be imported into Great Britain duty free, on certificate, &c. fameyear^ (. 56.

,Ire 539

The bounties on the exportation of Irijb linens, to be allowed to the Irijb the fame as to the Americans by 29 Geo. 2. c. 15, 19 Geo. 3. c. 27. vol. 32.

ACts 12 & 15 Car. 2. and all aCts prohibiting planting, &c. tobacco in Ireland, repealed, and Irijb tobacco to be exported to Great Britain only, on fecurity, on penalty of 200 /. one half to the King, and the other to the profecutor, but not in cafks, &c. lefs than 450 pounds weight each, and liable to the fame duties and drawbacks, as from America. fame year, c. 35.

Premiums on the importation of Irijb hemp, from June 24, 1779, via.

L s. d.

The firft 7 years, per ton 800 The fecond 7-years	-	600

The third 7 years	-	400

If exported again the premium to be repaid befides the duties, and importing foreign hemp for Irijb, penalty 100/• and forfeiture of the (hin, &c. 19 Geo. 3. c. 37. vol. 32.

So much of 10 & 11 IV. 3. c. io. aud all aCts reftraining the exportation of cloth, ferges, bays, kerfeys, fays, druggets, cloth-ferges,(halloons, or other woollen drapery goods, from Irelandabroad,repealed; and fo much of 19 Geo. 2. c'. 12. as extends to the exportation of glafs of any kind from Ireland, repealed. 20 Geo. 3. c. 6. vol. 32-

Any goods which may be imported from Britijb America, or fettle-menrs in Africa to Great Britain, may be imported dircClly to Ireland, and exported from thence in the fame manner, if the Irijb parliament im-pofe the fame duties as paid in Great Britain. 20 Geo. 3. c. 10. vol. 33.

So much of 22 & 23 Car. 2. c. 26.

§ 11.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

54°	Jro

§ ii. (fee Plantations) as requires the word Ireland to be omitted in bonds for unloading plantation goods in England, repealedp, and 4 Geo. 3. t. 15. (fee Plantations) not to extend to goods imported from Ireland, if the clearance be from Great Britain or Ireland, fame aft, § 3, 4.

If the duties or drawbacks be altered in Great Britain, this liberty to continue till four months after the lrifh parliament fits, and this aft is not to reftrain the export to or import from America or Africa allowed to the Irijb by any former aft; but not to permit trading with the American colonies during the prohibition. fame acl> § 5, 6,7.

A& 19 H. 7. c. 5. and all other afts prohibiting the carrying corn to Irelandand fo much of 9 An. c. 12. as prohibits the exportation of hops thither, and 6 Geo. 1. c. n. to take off the drawbacks on hops exported to Ireland, repealed, fame year, c. 18.

Goods from the Levant which may be imported to or exported from Great Britain by freemen of the Turkey company, may be fo imported and exported to and from lreland? and oaths as to admiflion of freemen may be adminiftered by juftices of the peace in Ireland, fame afl} § 3, 4-

Iron.

So much of the duties on the importation of Britijh American iron in foreign fliips, as exceeds fuch duties if imported in Britijh Ihips, not to be drawn back on the exportation, and pig and bar iron, mafis, &c. not to be exported till offered to the com-miflioners of the navy, on forfeiture thereof. 9 Geo. 3, c. 33. § 2. vol.

28.

V

fllington.

For the relief of the poor, and for building a workhoufe, &c. there. 17 Geo. 3. c. 5. vol. 31.

See Paving.

Judges.

Out of the fqrplus (lamp duties by 32 Geo. 2. c. 35. 2 Geo, 3. c. 36. and 5 Geo. 3. c. 35. 3001, per ann. to be paid to the chief juftice of Cbefer% and 200/. each to the fecond juftice and the other judges of Wales, to augment their falanes. 12 Geo. 3. c.

30.	vol. 29.

Out of the furplus of (lamp duties and deduftion of 6 d. per pound out offalaries, 4001, per ann. to be paid to .the puifne judges of the King's Bench and Common Pleast and the barons of the exchequer each, and to the chief baron 500/. per ann. 19 Geo. 3 c. 65, vol. 32.

When affizes are held |in any city or town in England, being a county of itfelf, the judge’s lodgings deemed in the county at large, and alfo in fuch city or town. Jameyear% c. 74. § 70<

Ives,(St.) Cornwall.

For encouraging the pilchard ery there. 16 Geo. 3. c. 36. vol. 31, -

Juftices of the Peace.

Need not take the oaths more than once in each King’s reign. 7 Geo. 3 e. 9. vol. 27.

In cities, towns,&c. where only one juftice of the quorum, two or more other qualified juftices may aft as of the quorum, fameyear, c. 21.

Quarter

Digitized by t^ooQle

Ken

Quarter feffions upon the preferment of the grand jury at the aflizes, may order (hire halls to be repaired, and the charges aflefled as other county rates, and 30/. or under may be laid out without preferment, but not to difcharge any perfon bound to repair. 9 Geo. 3. c. 20. vol. 28.

Where penalties are diredled by any aC, juftices of the peace may ^d-jninifter oaths for levying the fame. ?5 Geo. 3. r. 39- vol. 31,

Juftices of the pe&ce may order cofts to either party, on complaint put of feffions, to be levied by db* iftrcfs, but where the penalty is 5 /. or upwards, cofts to go out of the fame. 18 Geo. 3. c. 19. § 1, 2. vol.

K.

Kenjington.

FO R the relief of the poor of St.

Mary Abbots there. 17 Geo. 3. c.

64.	vol. 31.

Kent.

Commiffioners of fewers in Eojl Kent to drain lands in the general vallies. 16 Geo. 3. e. 62.	31.

Keppel, Admiral.

To be tried on fhore, &c. 19 Geo. 3* e. 6. vol.32.

Kidderminjler.

See Debts and Debtor;,

Kin *	541

The	King, Queen, Royal ,

&c.

The King may grant an annuity of 100,000/, per annf to the queen, to commence at his demife, payable quarterly out of the hereditary and other revenues carried to the aggregate fund, and in cafe of deficiency, to be made good in preference to all future charges thereon, a Geo. 3. r.

1.	§ 1. vol. 25.

And may by letters patent under the great feal, grant his palace called Denmark Houfe> alias Somer/et Houfe% alias Strond Houfe, and alfo the lodge (formerly in the tenure of John Lat-ton) in Richmond Old Park% with Keele's Farm in the parifh of Mort~ laie9 and all other lands, &c. pur-chafed by her late majefty (Queen Caroline) and enjoyed therewith at theprefent King’s acceffion, to the. Queen, and that (he may enjoy the fame from the King’s demife for her own life, and one year more, fame § 3. — Repealed by 15 Geo. 3. r,

33.	§ 1. vol. 31.

The King may appoint a guardian to his fucceflor, if the crown defeends to any of his children under 18 years of age. 5 Geo. 3. c. 27. vol. 26.

No defeendant of King George the Second (except of princefles married to foreign families) capable of con-tracing matrimony, without the previous content of the King under the great feal, and declared in council, otherwife the marriage to be void. 12 Geo. 3. c. 11. § 1. vol. 29.

If fuch perfon be 25 years old and perfift in fuch contraC difapproved by the King, upon 12 months’ notice to the council, may folemnize fuch marriage, without fuch previous confent, and it (hall be good, unlefs ^Q(h houfes of parliament within

fuch

Digitized by L,ooq le

542

fuch year exprefsly declare their dif-approbation. fame o&, € 2.

Solemnizng or affifting at fuch marriage without confent, fubjeCt to a preinunire. fame aff3 § 3.

The King may grant certain houfes in Fenchurci Street and Addle Street, London, efcheated to the crown (by the death of lieutenant general John Brown without heir) to Frede* tick Montagu Efq; and his heirs upon truft, as therein mentioned* fame year, c. to.

The lung and Queen may enfran-chife copyholds, held of the manor of Richmond in Surrey, and the King may (hut up the lane from Richmond Green to the Thames, if he keeps in repair Palace Lane, &c. and may fell or exchange any lands holden of the manors of Richmond or Wimbledon. fame year, t. 35.

May grant under the great feal the reverfion in fee of a fee farm rent of 113/. per ann. out of Bew and Shelly Parks (difparked) in Suffix (formerly granted to Edward earl of Sandwich by King Charles the Second) to James Archibald Stewart, grandfon of Edward Worthy, E(q; de-ceafed, and his heirs, on an adequate confideration. fame year, c 44, Certain hereditaments at Richmond belonging to Catherine vifeountefs Fitzwilliams, held bv leafe from the crown for 2150/. vefted in the King, and certain other premifes there en-franchifed and vefted in lady Fitz-willianit tru flees. fame year, c. 59.

Buckingham Houfe, &c. fettled on the Queen* in lieu of Somerfet Houfe, and to be called The Queen's Royal Palace,*vi& the King to have 100,000/. for his improvements, 15 Geo. 3. c.

53* § v°l* 31*

Treafury may fell Ely Houfe in Holbourne, and fuch part of Somerfet Houfe as is unneceftary, and may

Kin

purchafe other ground there, and apply the furplus money towards erecting offices at Somerfet Houfe, for the commiffioners of fait, ftamps, taxes, navy, pay office, victualling, publick lotteries, hawkers and pedlars, hackney coaches, furveyor general of crown lands, auditors of impreft, pipe office, dutchy of Lancajler, dutchy of Cornwall, ordnance, the King's bargemaftcr’$ houfe,the King's barge houfe, and fuch other offices as the King thinks fit, and tp embank the ‘north fide of the river Tl)ami\ from the fouth eaft corner of Kitchi-ner’s wharf to Strand Lane flairs, and the deficiency to be paid out of grants for naval fervices, fame aft, § 3, &cm

From January 5, 1777* 100,000 /. per ann. added to the civil lift out of aggregate fund, payable quarterly, 17 Geo. 3. c. 21. vol. 31.

An annuity of 60,000 /. fettled on the bilhop of Ofnaburg and his five next brothers, and the furvivor of them, to commence on the King's demife, payable quarterly, tax free, out of the hereditary duties, made part of the aggregate fund, but none of them to have more than 15,000/, per ann. each. 18 Geo. 3. c. 31. § \x

2.	voi 32.

An annuity of 30,000/. to the King’s five eldeft daughters, and the furvivor of them, in the fame manner, and upon the death or marriage of any one with a portion of 40,000/. her (hare to go to the others; and if a fecond die or marry with a like portion, her (hare to go to the other three; and if a third die or marry with a like portion, the other two to have 20,poo /• per ann- and if either of them die or marry, the other to have 12,oqo /. per ann. which is to ceafe on her death or marriage, fame aft, § 3, 4.

An annuity of 8000/. per ann. to

William

Kin

William Frederick ion of the duke of Gloucejitr, to commence on his father’s death, and aho 4000 /. per am. to Sophia Matilda his daughter, fame oil, § 5> 6*

So much of 15	3.	33.	as

prefcribes the method of ifluing money for completing Somerfet Houfe, repealed. 20 Geo. 3. c. 40. vol. 33.

[King’sLyrin.

See Pilots.

For recovering fmall debts there, xo Geo. 3. t. 30. vol 28.

Kingfton, Surrey.

See Paving.

L.

Lace.

FOREIGN thread lace imported after Aug. 1,1779, to be marked at each end at the cuftom houfe, flock in hand to be fo marked till February 1,1780; and on exportation the marks to be taken off, and if found after not marked, forfeited, and for counterfeiting the marks, penalty 100/. and pillory for 2 hours. 19 Geo. 3. c. 69. vol.32.

Land Tax.

Of 4 s. in the pound for the year

1762.	2 Geo. 3. t. 3. vol, 25.

The like for 1763. 3 Gw. 3.	2.

vol. 25.

The like for 1764. 4 Geo. 3. t. 2. vol. 26.

Lan	543

The like for 1765. 5 Geo. 3. c. 5. vol. 26.

New commiflioners added to the former.	fame jtar, t.21.

4	s.in the pound for 1766. 6

3.	t. 9. vol. 27.

31.	in the pound for 1767. 7 Geo.

3. (. 14. vol. 27.

The like for 1768. 8 Geo. 3.	8.

vol. 28.

The like for 1769. 9 Geo. 3. c. 5.

vol. 28.

For appointing additional commiflioners, and preferving duplicates and other papers relating thereto. fame year, 1.14.

31.	in the pound for 1770. 10 Geo. 3. c..6. vol. 28.

For rectifying miflakes in the names of commiflioners for 1769, and adding others for 1770. fame year, c. 33.

4	s.in the pound for 1771. II

Geo. 3. c. 5.	vol.29.

3;. in the pound for 1772. 12 Geo. 3. c. 3.	vol.29.

The like for 1773. 13 Geo. 3. t. 8.	vol.30.

The like for 1774. 14 Geo. 3.1.1. vol. 30.

For adding new commiflioners. fame year, c, 17.

3*. in. the pound for 1775. 15 Geo. 3. t. 3. vol.31.

For adding new commiflioners, &c. fame year, f.26.

4*. in the pound for 1776. 16 Geo. 3. c. 4. vol.31.

For rectifying miflakes in commiflioners’ names, fame year, t. 14.

4i, in the pound for 1777. 17 Geo. 3. c. 1. vol. 31.

The like for 1778. 18 Geo. 3. t. 2.	vol.32.

For adding new commiflioners, &c. fame year, t. 23.

4i. in the pound for 1779. 19 Geo, 3. c. 2. vol. 32.

The

Digitized by

$44	Latt

The like for the year 1780. 20 Geo. 3. c. 2. vol. 33.

The like for the year 1781. 21 Geo. 3. c. 3. vol. 33.

Afleflments to be made according to the form in the a£t, and a duplicate to be fixed on the church door 14 days before delivered to the coril-miffioners, and perfons qualified to vote for knights of the (hire, if their names are omitted, may appeal, and the commiffioners may amend the afleffment, which is to be returned to the clerk of the peace. 20 Geo. 3. r. 17. § 1,2,3. voL 33*

Afleflors negledting to deliver af-feffments, or altering them after to forfeit 5/. and if the clerk of the peace do not receive the duplicates before the end of Michaelmas feflions, the chief conftable to be fined, fame § 5*

Duplicates by order of the feflions to be returned to the clerk of the peace; and appeals to the quarter feflions, on 10 day’s notice, who may give cofts,and if the appellants’ name is omitted, to be inferted. fame aft, § 10.

Duplicates in the hands of the clerk of ths peace may be infpedted, and he to make copies on being paid; and fuch copies legal evidence. fame aft, § 13.

Clerk of the peace to have 2 /. 2 s. per day for attending eledtions, and 1 s. 6 d. per mile travelling charges. fame aft, §14.

See Parliament.

For appointing commiflioners for the year 1781. 21 Geo. 3. c. 23. vol. 33-

Lancafhire.

For the recovery of fraall debts in the parifhcs of Poultony Kir kb am,

Lah

Lythdm and Bifpham, and the town-fhips of Preejale and Stalmine. 10 Geo. 3. c. 21. vol. 28.

Lattcafter, Dutchy of.

So much of 22 Car. 2. c. 6. and 22 & 23 Car. 2. c. 24. (fee Fee Farm Rents) as relates to fee farm and other rents unfold, now in furvey or receipt of the dutchy, and fo much of 1 Ann. c. 7. (fee King, &c.) as relates to manors, meffuages, &c. parcel of the dutchy, held by copy of court roll, or of copyhold or cuftora-ary tenure, or to fines on defcent dr alienation, repealed. 19 Geo. 3. c. 45. § 1. vol. 32.

The chancellor and council of the dutchy may fell fuch fee farm rents, &c. but not for lefs than 25 years purchafe, and the grants to be in-rolled in 12 months after made, and owners of land, &c. to be preferred; alfo may enfranchife copyhold or cu-ftomary lands, &c. fame aft, §2.to 6»

Grants under the* dutchy feal valid, and thofe of premifes under leafes, to take place on the expiration of fuch leafes, and tenants for life may enfranchife copyholds, and charge the premifes with the purchafe money, fame aft, § 7,8,9.

On purchafes, if the confideration is under 10/. the grant not liable to ftaraps, and at the expence of the grantees; enfranchifed premifesfub-je<fl to emails, fettlements, &c. fame aft, § 10,11.

Purchafe money to be paid to the receiver general of the dutchy, and laid out in flocks in the name of the dutchy of Lancafer, and the chancellor and council in like , manner may fell woods, &c. fame aft, § 14*

Lajlage

Digitized by Google

Lint

Uf

Lajiage and

In the river Thames by 6 Geo. 2. t.

29.	continued to June 24, 1782, by u	Geo. 3.	c,51. vol. 29.

Levant, t$c.

Goods the produce or manufacture of the Levant or Mediterranean., may be imported to Great Britain or Ireland from any place, on payment of duties, as if from the place of growth, and of alien duty, if by nonfreemen of the Turkey company. 21 Geo. 3. c. 26. vol.33.

Levoijham, Kent.

For rebuilding a church there. 14 Geo. 3. c. 93. vol. 30.

Liardet, JolMi

The foie privilege of making and vending a cement, defcribed in the aft, in Great Britain and the colonies, veiled in him for 18 years. 16 Geo. 3. c. 29. vol.31.

Libraries.

The truftees of the Britijb Mujeum may difpofe of duplicates of books, medals, coins, &c. and exchange them for others. 7 Geo. 3.1.17.

27.

Lime.

For land may be carried from one port to another without coquet or bond by tranfire only. 19 Geo. 3. 62, vol. 32.

'545

Limitations of Affions.

The crown difabled to fue for lands, &c. (except liberties or franchifes) where the right hath not firft accrued within 60 years before the fuit, &c. and the fubjedl fecured in the free enjoyment againft the crown, and all others claiming by grant, &c. or on fuggeftion of concealment, if no judgment within 60 years before the fuit. 9 Geo. 3. c. 16. § 1. vol. 28.

Where rents, &c. in charge by or to the auditor, &c. to be deemed duly fo; but not to extend to rever-fions or remainders in the crown, nor to grants by the crown of limited eftates to be held on ufual tenures. fame aft* to % 5.

Fee farm, or other rents, &c. paid to the crown in 60 years, fecured, and right, under grants made before January 1, 1769, not prejudiced, if profecuted in one year, or right of the crown to land, &c. held of the manor of Eajl Greenwich, or the di-ftrhSt of the Savoy, if profecuted in two years, fame to § 9.

No putting in charge, nor (landing infuper, nor taking or anfwering rents, &c. of lands, &c. by grants of concealments, &c. or inquifition thereon to be good, unlefs verdi&or judgment for the crown in 60 years before information, &c. filed for recovery thereof, fame afi, § 10.

The above time enlarged to two years from January 1,1771. 11 Geo* 3. c. 4. vol. 29.

Lincobifhire.

For the recovery of fmall debts in the hundred of Elloe. 15 Geo. 3. r. 64. vol. 31.

/

Lmoos.



Digitized by Google

Lin

linen.

Duty of 3*/. per ell on (heeting imported of more than a y*rd Eng-UJb wide (except Flanders Holland doth) and the like duty on drilling. 7 Geo. 3. c. 14. vol. 27.

Duties on foreign linens, viz. .

s.	d.

Packing canvas, fpruce elb-ing, or Hpueenjborcugb canvas per cTl -	-	00*

Dutch barras and Hejftan canvas ditto -	o	o*

White holland yam per yard o 1 7 Gee. 3. c. 58. vol. 27.

Bounties by 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. till June 24, 1786 (except as altered by this ad).

Bounty on exportation, viz.

5. d.

On checked or ftriped Britijb linens, 25 inches (broad, and not above i8</. nor under 7 d. per yard value, per yard -	-	o

On diaper,' huckaback, and Iheeting, &c. made in Great Britain or Ireland, per fquare yard - o i£

And the fame bounty on Iri/h linens as given to the inhabitants of America. io Geo. 3. c. 38. vol. 28. 19 Geo. 3. c. 27. vol. 32.

During the continuance of an Irijb a6t 20 Geo. 3. a bounty of one halfpenny per yard on Britijb and lrijh buckrams and tilletmgs, and Britijb and lrijh linens, and Britijb callicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted or ftain-ed in Great Britain, 25 inches broad, ?nd under 5 d. per yard value o o£ Under 6 d. per yard bounty per yard -	-	01

Of 18 d. per yard value -01*

Lw

exported from Great Britain to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal. Gibraltar, Minorca, or the Eajl Indies. 21 Geo. 3. c. 40. vol. 33.

Uverpovk.

For licenfing a playhoufe there* Xi Geo. 3. c. 16. vol. 29.

A church or chapel to be built at Toxteth Park in the parilh of IValton near Liverpoole. 14 Geo. 3. c. 94. vol.

30.

London.

The duty of 6 d. per chaldron on coals by 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 10. and 2r Geo. 2. c. 29. (fee Coals) continued for 46 years, to raife 156,000/. by annuities at 3 /. 10 s. per cent, to compleat Black Friar's bridge, embank the north fide of the river Thames, redeem the tolls of London bridge, rebuild Newgate, and repair Royal Exchange ; to pay the orphan’s debt by 1803, and to do the other works by Michaelmas, 1831.

7	Geo. 3. c. 37. vol. 27.

For paviug, &c. the ftreets. See. in London, Sunday tolls at the following turnpikes, viz. Mile End, Bethnal Green, Hackney, Kingjland, BdYs Poundor Pond, Holloway, St. John's Street, Gofwell Street, and the city road, all in Middlefex;

s.	i.

To pay for a coach and 6

horfes -	-	o	10

Ditto with four -	-08

With 3 or 2	-	06

With 1	o	3

Horfe not drawing	-	01

A& 6 Gee. 3 c. 26. repealed. — 8 Gee. 3. c. 21. vol. 28.

The preferiptive tolls of London bridge continued to March 25,1782,

and

Digitized by

Lon

and the mayor,&c. to lay out 30,00c/. in flocks, &c. and till reimburfed to apply the dividends as the tolls directed by 7 Geo. 3. c. 37. and before March 25, 178a, to purchafe the remainder of the term in the Jeafe of the tolls of the bridge, 11 Geo. 3. c. 26. § 1, 2, 3. vol. 29.

Corporation may grant licences to the owners of leafes, whereof 25 years or upwards are to come, of houfes adjoining to the late Bridewell dock, to build, &c. but not to others, fame off, § 4, 5.

Corporation may appoint commif-fioners of fewers and pavements, whereof the recorder and common fer-jeant to be two, and not lefs than feven to aCt,who may employ non-freemen, and giveotherdireClions; and thepro-perty of fewers and pavements vefted in the city. Jame year, c. 29. to § 38.

Rates not to exceed is.6d. in the pound on inhabitants, and landlords may compound for rents under 10/. per ann. but not to be under half tire rate, and leflees of markets to pay rates, or may compound, and fo may the owners of large warehoufes or worklhops, &c. Empty houfes to pay half tax, and wharfs two thirds of the poor’s rates, and feveral directions to prevent nuifances, See. fame at7, § 50.

Churches and publick buildings, (except Sr. Pauls) to pay 4d. per Iquare yard, and void fpaces and dead walls td. per yard, run, and the pavement furrounding St .Paul's 2240 fquare yards, to pay 1 j. 3d. per yard per ann. and tenants of hofpitals to pay rates, fame aft, § 54.

I s. d.

Inner Temple to pay per ann. 220 Middle Temple -	-	660

,	Serjeant’s Inn,Chancery Lane 10 o o

Staple Inn -	-	1400

Furnivars Inn -	20	o	o

Vol, XXXIII.

Lon	$\7

Bernard's Inn	-	-	600

Cliffords I n	-	-	.220

fame aft, § 55.

Rates for repairing fewers, &c. 4 d. per pound, to be paid by the occupier and deducted out of the rents, &c. Freemen not paying rates, not to vote at elections, and the money to be paid into the chamber of London• fame aft, § 82.	'

Night carts to work only between eleven at night and five in the morning. fame aft, § 67.

Commiilioners may borrow on annuities tax free and aflignable, not more than 40,000/. at 8 per cent, or if the life be above 60, at 10 per cent. and on death may fell other annuities in lieu thereof, fo that the whole purchafe money doth not exceed 175000/. at a time, fame aft, § 92.

Capital felony to forge certificates relating hereto, and thisaCt to extend to the parts of Holbourn, the Minories, and Alderfgate ftreet (fuppofing them to be out of the liberties of the city) and the courts and alleys communicating therewith, and the inhabitants are to pay the rates; but not to extend to the liberty of St. Martin le Grand belonging to the dean and chapter of IVeflminflcr. fame aft, § 98,99.

Commiflioners of fewers to have power to aCt out of the city, and may take for paving the ftreets the fame tolls as by 8 Geo. 3. c. 21. (which is repealed) at the fame gates or ac others ereCled by them near thereto, and may leafe or compound the tolls, but none to pay more than once a day. fame aft, § 104.

Only ten hackney coaches to (land between Freeman’s Court and the ealk end of Cornhilf and five from Buck-lerfbury to King Street, and to be 20 feet afunder, and at other places to be 8 feet afunder, and room to be left for waggons, &c. on penalty of 20 s. Q o	and

Digitized by CjOOQle

Lon

and hackney coaches to’ be regiftered at Guildhall, fame aft, §113.

Not to revive the ads 19 Car. 2. c.

3. 22 & 23 Car. 2. c. 17. 2fV.kM. c. 8. 10 Geo. 2. c. 22. 17 Geo. 2. c. 29. 33 Geo. 2. r. 30. or 6 G>0. 3. r. 26. fame at1, § 122.

Drivers of cattle in London, W?/?-minfier, or within the bills of mortality, being the caufe of mifchief, or mifbehaving in driving, conftables on view, or by the information of others, may fecure them without a warrant, and take them before a juftice, who may examine witneffes on oath, and conyidt them in a penalty not above 20^ each, nor lefs than 5 s. and if they refufe or are not able to pay, to be committed for a month, or be publickly whipped ; and perfons not driving cattle, molefting them, liable to the fame penalty, and if the informer do not attend, liable to the penalty of 40 s. and not lefs than 10 j. 14 Geo. 3. c. 87. vol. 30. 21 Geo. 3.

<■. 67. § 1,2, 3. vol.33.

The mayor and court of aldermen ' may makerules with penalties, but not to abridge the market hours, and any juftice in the city or within the bills of mortality may put fuch rules in execution. 21 Geo. 3. c. 67. § 6. vol. 33.

Offenders refilling to give their names, to be committed for a month, or till they declare their names ; and ab abftrad of the ad and rules to be fixed in publick places in London and IVejlminjler and liberties, and profecuuon to be in 14 days after the offence, but fubjed to appeal. fame aft, to § 11.

. To raife out of the furplus of the orphan’s fund 40,000/. for paying debts incur! ed by buildingNewgate and the feffions houfe, &c. 18 Geo. 3. c. 48. vol. 32.

1 cool, out of the fame fund for opening communications between

Loti

trapping ftreet and Ratcliffe highway* and between old Gravel lane and Virginia ftreet, &c. fame year, c. 49.

7,500/. more tor widening the avenues into Goodmaris Fields, fame year, c. 50.

4000/. more for completing the paving of the borough of Southwark. fame year, e. 51.

For making fewers in the preben-dal eftates of Halliwell and Finjbury. fame year, c 66.

11,000/. more for building the feffions houfe for the county of Mii~ dlefex. fame year, c. 67.

16,500/. more to open a ftreet from Moor fields oppofite Chi [well ftreet, eaftward, to Bifhopfgate ftreet, and weftward into Barbican, fame year, c. 71.

*	7,500/.	more	to build a court

houfe at IVejlminjler. fame year, c. 72.

5000 /. more for paving the high ftreet from Alderfgate bars to the turnpike at the end of Gofwell ftreet, fame year, c. 73. 20 Geo. 3. c. 48. vol. 33.

9000/. more for making a paffage for carriages from Spittlefields to Bifbopjgate ftreet. 18 Geo. 3. c. 78. vol. 32.

Logwood.

The duties on exportation difeon-tinued. 7 Geo. 3. c. 47. § 1. vol. 27.

Longitude.

Commiflloners of longitude may draw bills on the treasurer of the navy for not more than 2000/. as rewards for difeovering the longitude at fea. 5 Geo. 2. c. 11. vol. 26.

A reward ot 10,000/. to be paid to John Harrifon, 300 /. to Profeffor Euler, and 3000/. to the widow of Profeffor Mayer, for improving the hinar tables, and tooo/. mere to be

difpofed

Digitized by ^.ooQle

%ot

difpofed of as five commiflioners (hall diredf; nautical almanacks to be pub-lifhed by order of the commiflioners only, and Lowndes profeflor of aftro-nomy at Cambridge added to the com* miflioners. fame year, c. 20.

Adts 12 An. c. 15. 14 Geo. 2* c. 39. 26 Geo. 2. c. 25. 2 Gro. 3. r. 18. and 5 Geo. 3. r. 20. rendered more effectual; and for improving Mayer's lunar tables and encouraging difeoveries, kc. Commiflioners may order 5000/. reward to be paid, and if not more than 1000/. a majority may order the fame. 10 Geo. 3. c. 34. vol. 28.

A further reward to be paid to John Harrifon for his invention of a time keeper for ascertaining the longitude at fea, and difeovering the principles upon .which the fame was conftrudt-ed. 13 Geo. 3. c, 77. vol. 30.

Commiflioners of the navy to pay rewards as directed by the commil-fioners of longitude for difeoveries, &c. not more than 5000 /. 17 Geo. 3. e. 48. vol. 31.

When the commiflioners of longitude arc fatisfied that the propofals merit trial, as ufeful to navigation, though not intitled to the great rewards, may order not more than 5000 /. to the author. 20 Geo. 3. r. 61. 21 Geo. 3. c. 52. vol. 33.

Lotteries.

1,500,000/. raifed by annuities and a lottery, and charged on the finking fund. 6 Geo. 3. c. 39. vol. 27.

780,000/. raifed by a lottery. 9 Geo. 3. e. 33. vol. 28.

Proprietors of 4 per cent, annuities by 2 Geo. 3. c. 9. agreeing to accept 3^r cent, per ann. to have for each 1001, flock, two lottery tickets and a receipt for 4/. in part of 14/. for each ticket; other perfons (if not all

Lot	549

liibfcribed for) to pay 14/. per ticket, and to be 50,000 tickets.. 10 Geo. 3* c. 46. vol. 28.

650,0001, raifed by 50,000 lottery tickets at 13/. each, charged on general aids, and to be paid at the bank without dedudhon. n Geo. 3. c. 47. Vol. 29.

The fubferibers to the redeeming i>SOO,ooo/.3^r eent. annuties to have four lottery tickets at 12/. 10;. each, for every 100I. flock, in all 60,000 tickets, and 600,0001, prizes to be paid out of the fupplies of this feffion, and the treafury to pay to the bank 473,073/. 10 s* anc* 403,852/. to the South Sea company, which the fubferibers are to receive in full of their flock, with 3 per cent, to July 5, 1772. 12 Geo. 3. c. 63. vol. 29.

The eftates of John, Robert, James and JVilliam Adam, in St. Martin in the Fields and Sr. Mary le Bone% and other effects difpofed of by a lottery,

13	Geo. 3. c. 75. vol. 30.

600,000/. railed by 60,000 tickets,

to be paid out of this year’s fupplies,

14	Geo. 3. c. 76. vol. 30.

Subfcribers to have fix tickets for

each 100/. flock, 600,000/. by a lottery of 60,000 tickets, &c. 15 Geo. 3. c. 41. vol. 31.

600,000/. raifed by a lottery at 3 per cent, on annuities charged on the linking fund. 16 Geo. 3. r. 34. vol. 31.

500,000/. railed by a lottery, and every contributor of 100/. towards

5,000,000/. annuities, on payment of 10I. more, to have a lottery ticket, in all 50,000/. prizes to be paid out of the fupplies of this feffion. 17 Geo. 3. c. 46. vol. 31.

6,000,000 /. railed by annuities, and 480,000/. by 48,000 lottery tickets, charged on a fund eftablifhed this feffion, and collaterally on the (inking fund, each contributor of 500 /. for 40 /. more to have tour lot-O02	tery

Digitized by

55° Lun

tery tickets. 18 Geo. 3. c. 22. vol. 32.

Lottery offices licenfed at 50 {• each, to go towards the expence of drawing, fame aft*

7,000,000/. raifed by annuities, and 490,000/. by 49,000 lottery tickets, charged on a fund eftabliffied this feffion, and collaterally on the finking fund, each contributor of 1000/. for 70 /. rtiore to have feven tickets.

19	Geo* 3.c* 18. vol. 32.

Lottery offices to be licenfed at 50/. each, to go to the expences of the drawing, and keeping an office without licence, penalty 100/. and not to fell lefs than a fixteenth fhare of a ticket, on penalty of 50/. and other regulations, fame year, c. 21.

12.000.	000/. raifed by annuities, and 480,000/. by 48,000 lottery tickets, charged in the fame manner as the lad; contributors of 1000/. for 40I. more to have four tickets.

20	Geo. 3. c. 16. vol* 33.

Officekeepers felling (hares of tickets, not poffefl'ed of the original to forfeit 500/. Licences in force for one year* no chance relating to the drawing of the lottery to be fold, nor bufinefs to be tranfafted between 8 in the evening and 8 in the morning, and other regulations, fame aft.

12.000.	000/. raifed by annuities, and 480,000/. by 48,000 lottery tickets, charged on any fupplies of this feffion, each contributor of ioco/. for 40 /. more to have four tickets.

21	Geo. 3. c. 14. vol. 33.

Lunaticks.

Their guardians or committees enabled, by order of the lord chancellor, to accept of furrenders of leafes, and to grant new ones. 11 Geo. 3. c. 20. vol. 29.

Sec Madhoufes.

Mac

M.

Macclesfield.

FOR confirming Tales and pur chafes of eftates by the governor of the fchool there, for the benefit of the foundation. 14 Geo. 3.1.51. vol. 30.

For making the chapel built by Charles Roe, cfq; a perpetual cure, and vetting the nomination in him. 19 Geo. 3. c. 7. vol. 32.

Madder.

Exempted from tithes for 14 years longer. 5 Geo. 3. c. 18. vol. 26.

Madhoufes.

_ Confining more than one lunatick in any one houfe without licence, to forfeit 500 /. 14 Geo. 3. c. 49. vol. 30.

Five fellows of the college of phy-ficians, or licentiates, to be commif-fioners to grant licences on 5;. ftamps, one for each houfe annually, but no commiffioner to keep fuch houfe, on penalty of 50 /. fame afl, to § 10.

Commiffioners to vifit licenfed houfes,and refufingthem admittance, forfeiture of the licence; commiffioners to be paid each on every infpec-tion j£. is* Keepers to give to the commilfioners’fecretaryan accountot admiffion of patients (except paupers) in three days within 7 miles of Lsn-don, and admitting without an order, to forfeit 100/. fame aft, to § 21.

Quarter feffions to licence houfes more than feven miles from Lonfan annually; if keeping ten lunaticks

10/.

Digitized by Google

Mag

10 /. if above, 15/. and only one houfe for each licence, and juftices with a phyfician to vifit licenfed houfes, and keepers to give notice of admiffion of patients in 14 days, on forfeiture of 100/. and to give a recognizance of 100/. on each licence. fame aft, to § 28.

The lord chancellor and two chief juftices may order commiffioners or juftices to infpeft licenfed houfes, and report the ftate thereof, and may in-fpecft regifters and examine parties, icc. but not to extend to publick hofpitals. fame aft* § 30.

Not to give greater power than is allowed by law. fame aft, § 31. — Continued for 7 years, £2ft. by 19 Geo. 3. c. is* v^l. 32*

Magdalen.

See Hofpitals.

Maidenhead.

For a bridge over the Thames there.

12 Geo. 3. c. 41. yol. 29.

Man	551

tion of malt, repealed. 10 Geo. 3. e. 10. vol. 28.

An additional duty of 15 per cent. on the duty on malt by 33 Geo. 2. c. 7. 19 Geo. 3. c. 25. § 5. vol. 32.

s.	d.

An additional duty on malt made in England or Wales, per bufhel -	-	06

t-— Made in Scotland	-03

' Brought from Scotland to Eng-

land or Wales, per bulhel 0 3

To be paid bn ftock \x\ hand (May 30, 1780) of malfters or makers for Jale, fellers, or retailers, brewers, diftillers, innkeepers, victuallers, or vinegar makers, one third by June 30, one third by July 30, and the reft by Augujl 30. 20 Geo. 3. c. 35. § 1, to 3. vol. 33.

Malt fold before May 30, 1780, and not delivered, the bargain valid, and the purchafer to pay the duty befides the price agreed for. fame aft, §4-

An additional duty of 5 per cent. on the laft duties, fame aft, § 12.

Maidjlone,

For regulating the poor there. 20 Geo. 3. c. 22r vol. 33.

Malt.

Duties continued by 4 Geo. 3. c. 1. 5 Geo. 3. c. 2. vol. 26. 6 Geo. 3. c. 2. 7 Geo. 3. c. 6. vol. 27. 8 Geo. 3. c. 4. 9 Geo. 3. c. 2. 10 Geo. 3. c. 5. vol. 28. 11 Geo. 3. c. 2. 12 Geo. 3. c. 6. vol.

29.	13 Geo. 3. c. 6. 14 Geo. 3. r. 2. vol. 30. 15 Geo. 3. c. 2. 16 Geo. 3. e. 1. 17 G/0. 3. c. 2. vol. 31. 18 Geo. 3. r. 3. 19 Geo. 3. r. 3. w/. 32. 20 3. c. 3. 21	3.	c.	4.	w/.	33.

So much of 9 Gr*. 3. c. 1. and 10 Geo. 3. c. 1. as prohibits the exporta*

Manchefter.

For licenfing a playhoufe there. 15 Geo. 3. c. 47. vol. 31.

See Paving.

Man, Ifle of.

Purchafed of the duke of Athol and veftfcd in the crown. 5 Geo. 3. c. 26. vol. 26.

Bounty on exporting corn thither taken off. fame year, r. 30.

Officers of the cuftoms may fearch (hips in the ifland, and feize contraband goods, fameyedt, c. 39. § 1.

Prohibited goods ^imported thither

O o 3	*	from

Digitized by (^.ooQle

Man

'552	Man

from Gnat Britain, forfeited. Jame

afly § 2.

The Ip of Man included in bonds for the exportation of goods from Great Britain, fame aft, § 3.

No foreign brandy or fpirits to be imported thither, only from Great Britain directly, fame alt, § 4..

Nor to be exported from thence or carried coaftwife in cafks of lefs than 60 gallons, nor wine in cafks under 25 gallons, or in (hips under 100 tons, fame alt, § 6.

No fpirits to be imported into Great Britain from the ifland, and fhips from Great Britain dr Ireland to Africa, &c. to give bond not to take goods or ftores from the ifland, and infuring the fraudulent conveyance of goods to or from thence, 500/. penalty. fame alt, to § 15.

Beftials and other goods, the produce of the idand (except woollens, beer and ale, and other articles prohibited by an aft of this feflion) may be imported from thence on paying duty as Britijh goo ds. fame year, f.43. io § 11.

But no goods of foreign growth, roanufa&ured there (except hemp and flax) may be fo imported, fame alt, § 12.

Bounty on Britijh and Irijh linens by 29 Gto. 2. c. 15. extended to the JJle of Man. fame alt, §13.

Powers by 29 Car, 2. c. 5. for taking affidavits, extended to the idand, and likewife to appoint ports there.

6	Geo. 3. c. 50 §2, 3. vol. 27.-----

Thefe Oaths may be adminidered by the colic&or of the cuftoms, 20 Geo. 3. c. 42. § 10.

Duties on goods imported there, viz.	/. s. d.

Britijh fpirits from Eng-land, per gallon - CIO

Rum of the plantations

from England -	•	016

It S.

Bohea tea from the fame,

per pound -	-	010

Green tea the like	-	016

Coffee the like	-	-	009

Thefe reduced by 20 Geo. 3. c. 42.— See after.

Tobacco the like per pound o o 2 Coals from Great Britain

or Ireland per chaldron 003 Hemp, iron, deal boards and timber from foreign parts ad valorem, percent. 500 French wine, per ton -	400

Other wines	-	-	200

Corn and grain from England* for which bounty is paid ad valorem, per cent. -	-	1000

Other goods intitled to bounty or drawback from Great Britain -	500

And from other places, per

cent. -	-	150 a

7 Geo. 3. c. 45. § 1. vol. 27.

Flax and feed, raw or brown linen^ yarn, wood alhes and weed alhes, lifh and fledi of all forts, corn and grain (except from Great Britain) may be imported into the ifland duty free, fame aft, § 3.

White ana brown linen, cloth, hemp and hempieed, horfes and black cattle, utenfils for manufactories, fifheries, or agriculture, bricks and tyles, young trees, fea (hells, lime and foapers’ wade, packthread, and fmall cordage for nets, from Great Britain or Ireland, the like, fame alt, § 4.

Salt, boards, timber and hoops of Great Britain 1 iron rods or bars, cotton, indico, naval (tores, and lumber, of the plantations from Great Britain only, the like, fame o8, § $•

Bounties

Digitized by CjOOQle

Man

Bounties for filheries, viz.

/. sd;f

For the firft maze of 500

herrings -	-	5 o Q

For fifthng the greateft

number of nights 10 o o For the fecond ditto, 7 10 o For the third ditto, -	500

For the fourth ditto, - 2 10 o For the greateft maze of

25,000	herrings -	10 o o

For the fecond ditto,	500

For the laft ditto, -	500

To the admiral each fea-

fon, -	-	500

To the vice admiral -300

For Manufactures.

For the greateft number of yards of linen cloth from sod. to is. 6d. per yard	-	-	600

For the next greateft

quantity	-	-	4 O O

For fpinning the greateft

quantity	-	-	500

For the next	-	-	300

For the greateft quantity of linen cloth exported -	-	10	o	o

fame to § 17.

Corn and grain, &c. may be imported thither from Whitehaven and Liverpoolr, not more than 2,500 quarters, a moiety from each place, fame aft9 § 25.

A packet boat eftablilhed between Whitehaven and Douglas; rates of

poftage, viz.

s. d.

Single letters -	- p 2

Double ditto, -	-04

Treble ditto, -	-06

Per ounce, -	-08

Inland poftage the fame as in Eng-land. 7 Geo. 3. c. 50. § S, 5. vol. 28. For repairing, amending, and fup-

Man 553

porting the harbours and fea ports in the ifte. Several duties granted there, viz.	s.	d.

Every Britijb (hip arriving in the ifland, not laden,

\ per ton	-	-01*

The like Jaden -	-	02

If repaired there, more -ox-Every foreign (hip, not laden o 2 The like laden, and not dif- , charged	-	-03

If unladen there, more -	02

If repaired there, more -	02

Every foreign (hip anchoring there -	%	6

And befides the duties by 7 Geos 3. c. 45-

S.Jj

On all fpirits imported there per ton -	-	2	i

Tobacco per hoglhead -	16

Teas per hundred weight	2 o

Coffee ditto, -	-	10

AH wines per ton -	2	§

All foreign goods (except wine, fpirits and fait) ad valorem^ per cent. - ip o All other goods from Great Britain or Ireland (except licenfed and fait for fifhery) above 5/. value, ad valorem percent. -	-	5	0

11 Geo. 3. c. 52. § 2, 3. vol. 28.

Bounties by 7 Geo. 3. c. 45. to ceafe (except thofe to the admiral and water bailiff.) fame afly § 4.

After harbours are repaired, 1000/. out of the furplus duties to be paid in difcharge of bonds given by fuper-vifors. fame afl, § n.

See Fijh and Fijbery% j 2 Geo. 3. c. 58.

Additional duties on goods imported Into the IJle of Man, viz.

I. u i.

Rum the produce of the plantations from England per gallon -	-	006

O o 4	Tobacco

Digitized by Google

Man

Man

i.	s.

Tobacco per pound - o o I Hemp, iron, deal boards and timber from abroad, ad valorem, per cenU -	500

French wine per ton	400

Other wines -	-	200

In lieu of the duties by 7 Geo. 3. €. 45. which are to ceafe,

5, d.

Bohea tea from England, per pound -	-	06

Green tea ditto, -	10

Coffee ditto,	-	04

Drawback on the importation of tea to the ljle of Many if direCUy from the warehoufe. 20 Geo. 3. c. 42. § 1, a, 4, 5. vol. 33.

40,000	gallons of Britifb fpirits and 30,000 gallons of rum may be exported from England, and 10,coo gallons of rum from Scotland to Dou-glaty but no licence till entry, which / licence to be in force only 30 days. fame afty § 6, 7.

Herring (hips trading to Madeira and the Medtterraneany of 70 tons, may import wine (except French) to the Jfle of Man\ but not to export any goods from thence (except fre(h fifn) without warrant, on forfeiture. fame afiy § 8,9.

A drawback of all import duties ©n herrings caught and cured in the JJle of Many on exportation thereof from Great Britain to foreign parts, and fait officers are to mark the barrels, and if fraudulently landed tor forfeit double the value; barrels to be 32 gallons, and half barrels fi6 gallons, fame afty to § 12.

Rum imported into the IJleof Man from Scotlandy to pay the fame duty , a* if from England• 21 Geo. 3. c. 28. § 2. vol. 33.

Manufactures.

ACt 22 Geo. 2. c. 27. as to reeling yarn (hort, repealedy and in lieu thereof, for the firft offence to forfeit 20 s. for the fecond ^offence, 5 /. and for the third offence, to be imprifoned and whipped. 14 Geo. 3. c. 44. vol. 3°-

For exporting tools and utenfils ufed in the cotton, linen, woollen, or (ilk manufactures, forfeiture of the goods and penalty of 200 k one half to the King and the other»to the profecutor. fame yeary c. 71.

Repealed as to wool cards exported to America. 15 Geo. 3. c. 5. voL

3r-

Manufacturers of wool or linen to be allowed a drawback-of fo much as is paid on home made fope, for all fope ufed by them, whether imported or made in this kingdom. 14 Gee. 3. c. 73 § 15. vol. 30.

Penalties by 14 Geo. 3. c. 44. to be levied by diftrefs, and the offender committed for a month. 15 Geo. 3. c. 14. vol. 31.

All forts of painted earthen ware made in Europe (except galley tvles) and all other (except India or China) not otherwife rated, may be imported on duty of io£. 10s. per cent, ad valorem. fame yeary c. 37.

Punilhment by 22 Geo. 2. c. 19. of workmen in the woollen and other manufactures for embezzling materials, and for receiving the fame, or not performing their engagements, altered, and two juftices may grant a warrant to fearch for embezzled materials, See. 17 Geo. 3. c. 56. vol. 31.

Putting on board a (hip any machine, tool, or utenfil ufed in the woollen, cotton, linen, or (ilk manufactory, or model thereof, the fame ipay be feized by warrant, and if no

fatif-

Digitized by Google

Mar

fatisfaftory account is given, the party to be bound over to the affizes or feflions, and for want of bail, to be committed, and the penalty, oh conviftion, 200/. and imprifonment till paid. 21 Gw. 3. c. 37. § 1. voL 33*

Cuftom-houfe officers may feize fuch machines, &c. and captains taking them on board, &c. fubjeft to the fatne penalty, and if a man of war, the captain alfo to forfeit his employment; and cuftom-houfe officers taking entries outwards of fuch machines, &c. the like forfeiture, and alfo his employment, fame 3> 4*

On information of fuch machines,. &c. intended to be exported, they may be feized, and the perfon pof-fefled bound over as above, and on .convi&ion, the fame forfeiture and penalty, and 12 months imprisonment. fame aft, § 5, 6, 7.

But not to extend to wool cards of 4 s. value per pair, nor to fpirmer’s cards of is. 6d. a pair exported to America. fame ail, § 9,

Marine Forcet.

Whilft on fhore fubjeft to martial law, and to be furnifhed with quarters. 4 Geo. 3 c. 8. 5 Geo. 3. c. 6. voll 26. 6 Geo. 3. c. 10. 7 Geo. 3. c.

13.	vol. 27. 8 Geo. 3. c. 12. 9 Geo. 3.

t.	7. 10 Geo. 3. c. 7. vol. 28. 11 Geo. 3. c. 7. 12 Geo. 3.	5. vol. 29. 13

Geo. 3. c. 11. 14 Gw. 3. r. 4. W. 30. 15 Qco. 3. r. 4. 16 Geo. 1. c. 7. 17 Gw. 3. r. 4. w/- 31. 18 Gw. 3. c. 5. 19 Gw. 3. c. 8. vol. 32. 20 Gw. 3. r.

13.	21 Gw. 3. r. 9. vol. 33.

Marine Society.

Incorporated, and may purchafe without licence in mortmain, any

S'

Mar	S55

lands, &c. neceflary for erecting buildings on to afiemble and to do their bufincfs in. 12 Gw. 3. c. 67, vol. 29.

Marriages.

All marriages folemnized before Augujl 1, 1781, in any church or publick chapel in England, lVales9 and Berwick on Tweedy fince the aft of 26 Gw. 2. r. 33. valid, and the clergyman indemnified, and the re-gifter to be good evidence, but mud be removed to the parifh church in a certain time. 21 Gw. 3. c. 53. vol. 33.

Marfhal of the King's Bench♦

Indemnified as to the efcape of John Mac Gullock, Daniel Starring-tony Daniel Scot, John Henry Maurir and Ifaac de Rovery. 12 Geo. 3. c. 23. vol. 29.

Martin le Grandy St.

See Paving.

Martin, 5/. 10 M* Ft elds.

For building a workhoufe there. 10 Gw. 3. c. 75. vol. 28. 12 Gw. 3. c. 34. vol. 29.

le Bone.

For building a new parifl) church and making the prefent a chapel, and a churchyard, and building an houfe for the minifter. 10 Gw. 3. c. ill. vol. 28.

For the relief of the poor, and building a workhoufe there. 15 Gw. 3. c. 21. vol. 31.

See Paving.

Maf-

Digitized by t^ooQle

SS6

Maf

Majfachqfefs Bay.

If an indi&ment is found for mur-ther or other capital offence in that province, againft any magiftrate acting in the fupport of law, and-an indifferent trial cannot be had there, the governor may fend the offender and the indictment to be tried in fome other colony, or in the King's Bench in England, and bind over the witnefles to attend, and order their expences to be paid, and they to be free from arrefts, and the perfons accufed may be bailed; and if the indidlment is bad another to be preferred, and the grand jury may proceed thereon. 14 Geo. 3. c. 39. vol.

3°*

The charter granted by 3 W.ic M> made void, and the council or court of affiftants to be appointed by the crown, but not more than thirty-fix nor lefs than twelve; and the governor to appoint and remove the judges, attorney genera!, provoft marlhal, juftices of the peace^ and other officers of council, or courts of juftice, and their fucceflors. 14 Geo. 3. /. 45. to S 6. vol. 30.

Np meeting to be called by the feleCl men, or at the requeft of freeholders, without leave of the governor, &c. in writing, expreffing the bufinefs, (except annual meetings in March and May, and for elections only) and jurors to be fummoned by the fheriff only, and if he is a party, by the coroner, and other directions about jurors, fame afl, to the end. —- Repealed iy 18 Geo. ?. c. ir. vol. 32.

Mafier of the Rolls.

On the payment of 8,449/. 7 s• 9 d. to the earl of Macclelfield, and

Mid

12,580/. 3J. id. to Sir Thomas Sewell (the prefent mafier) out of the fuitor’s dead money, the ad of 12 Car. 2. (. 36. repealed, and directions given for the future letting of the rolls efiate. 17 Geo. 3. c. 59* vol. 31.

Mddlefex.

The juftices of the county may fell the prefent feflion’s houfe, and 11,000/. may be applied out of the furplus of the orphan’s fund towards rebuilding another feffions houfe. 18 Geo. 3. c. 67. vol. 32,

Mile End new Town.

For the relief and employment of the poor, and paving the hamlet, and confolidating the rates, and for paving, &c. Great Garden Street in fVhitechapel, and removing a bar there. 20 Geo. 3. c. 66. vol. 33*

Mile End old Town.

See Paving.

Militia.

All former militia afts (except where other wife fpecially directed) repealed, and the militia raifed by virtue thereof, fubjeCt to the following regulations. 2 Geo. 3. c. 20. i 144, J45, 146. vol. 25,

The King to iflue commiflions of lieutenancy, and lord lieutenants to appoint deputy lieutenants, and officers to be approved of by his Majefiy, and when the lord lieutenant r$ out of the kingdom, three deputy lieutenants may grant commifiions to officers, fame aft, § 1, 2.

Lord lieutenant to have the chief command, and to appoint twenty or

more

Digitized by v^ooQle

Mil

more deputies in every county (except as after) if fo many are qualified; the qualification, one moiety in the county, to be

/• $• d.

For a deputy lieutenant per

anti. i -Colonel

Lieutenant colonel Major or captain Lieutenant

or perfonal eftate of Enfign or perfonal eftate of

200 o o 1000 o o 600 o o 200 o 0 50 o o 1000 0 o 20 o o 500 0 o

Or to be heir apparent to an eftate of double that value; and the lieutenant to be the fon of a perfon feized of 100/. per ann. and the enfign of 50/. per ann. one moiety to be in the county; a leafe for lives or for years determinable on lives of 300/. per ann. equal to 100 /. per ann. as above, and a leafehold for 20 years of the clear value as above, deemed a qualification. fame aSf, § 5, 6, 7. 9 Gee. 3. c. 42. vol. 28.

In Cumberland, Huntingdon, Mon-mouthy IVeJlmorelandy and Rutland, and all Wales* to be five deputy lieutenants, and the qualifications to be one fourth lefs than the above, and where there is not twenty deputy lieutenants qualified as above, the deficiency to be made up by perfons having 2091, per ann. in the county. fame ad, § 8,9.

In the JJleof Ely, the qualifications of deputy lieutenants and officers to be one half the above, or to be heirs apparent to eftates of double the value; or a captain to be the fon of a perfon having 300/. per ann. a lieutenant of 100L and an enfign of 50 /. one moiety to be in the Ifle, (except lieutenants and enfigns). fame a&> § 10.

In towns raifing the militia within fheiqfclves, the King’s lieutenant or

Mil .	557

chief magiftrate to appoint five deputy lieutenants, and two of theqi and one juftice, or one and two ju-ftices, may put the ad in execution; and the qualifications in fuch towns for a deputy lieutenant and field officer to be 300 /. per ann. real, or, 5000/. perfonal; a captain 150/. per ann. real, or 2500 /. perfonal; and a lieutenant or enfign 50/. per ann. real, or*750/. perfonal; one moiety of real (except for lieutenants and enfigns) to be in fuch town, and to be joined to the county militia, and deemed part thereof; but the faid qualifications not to extend to the Tower Hamlets. fame ad, §11,13.

In the time of adual fervice officers above captains (nay be promoted for merit, without qualifications, and, the King may order deputy lieutenants or officers to be displaced, and others to be appointed in their room. fame ad* % 12,14.

Deputy lieutenants and officers to enter their qualifications with the clerk of the peace before a&ing, and to take the oaths, on penalty of 200/. for fuperior officers, and 100/. for a captain or under, and to prove their qualification on a&ion (peers and their heirs apparent excepted) and no commiffion to vacate a feat in parliament. fame at7, § 15, to 10.

At the end of four years (ome officers may be difeharged, and others appointed in their room, but not above two thirds, and officers having Yerved four years may be advanced if qualified, fame at7, to § 32.

In cafe of a vacancy the lieutenant-colonel may a<St as colonel, but not to have more pay than as lieutenant-colonel. fame at7, § 28, 29.

The King may appoint the adjutant from other forces, who (hall preferve his rank in the army, and may be lieutenant though not qualified.

Digitized by v^,ooQie

fied, and reftored to his halfpay when the militia is difembodied; and fer-jeants may by the King be appointed from other forces who have ferved one year, and to be fworn, and in-titled to Chelfea hofpital; and the commanding officer may out of fer-jeants appoint a ferjeant major, but no ferjeant to keep a publick houfe, and may be difplaced by the commanding officer or reduced, fame at7, to § 39-

Captains to appoint corporals and drummers, and may difplace them, and the commanding officer to appoint a drum major, who may not be inlifted in other forces, fame aft, to § 40.

Lord lieutenant to appoint the clerk of the general meetings and regimental clerk, and deputy lieutenants the clerk of fubdivifion meetings, and they may difplace them; and when not embodied, the commanding officer may appoint the regimental clerk, and when embodied, the agent, fame aft, § 36. 98. 119.

The number of men to be raifed (exclufive of places excepted) in the proportion in the aft mentioned 30,840, but the privy council may order more or lefs to be raifed in the fame proportion, fame aft, § 41.

74-

Where the militia is not raifed, the county topay 5/. per head per ann. to be aflefled as by 12 Geo. 2. e. 29. and paid to the receiver general, but kept feparate from the county rates, and tenants may deduft the fame out of their rent, but not to vacate agreements between landlord and tenants where the leafe is not at rack rent, fame aft, § 21, to 24.

Where towns are counties and joined to the county at large, and the militia is not raifed, the 5/. per head to be proportioned between

Mil

them according to the land tax. fame aft, § 25.

The 5 /. per head to be paid with the land tax into the exchequer, and to be kept feparate, and to go in aid of counties railing militia, and when the militia is raifed the county to be difeharged from the 5 /. per head. fame aft, § 26, 27.

The lord lieutenant.and two deputies, or three deputies to meet annually on the fecond Tuefdav in May* and in fmaller counties and Wales two deputy lieutenants and one juftice, or one deputy lieutenant and two ju-ftices, and there to appoint fubdivi-fions, to conlift of three deputy lieutenants, or iwo and one juftice, or one and two juftices; to be three general meetings; on the firft to iflue precepts, on the fecond to proportion the number of men to be raifed, and on the third to form regiments and companies; and four fub-meetingsv the firft for taking in lifts, and hearing appeals; the fecond for fettling the proportions for fmall di-vifions $ the third for ballotting, and the fourth for fwearing and inrolling men ; and at each meeting to appoint the next, fame aft, § 42. 91.

Any deputy lieutenant or juftice may aft in any fubdivifion in the county, and if there is not a fufficient number of deputy lieutenants or juftices at the fubmeeting to he adjourned for fourteen days on five day’s notice, fame aft, 89. 92.

Peers of the realm, commiflioned or non-commiffioned officers, or private man in the army, commiflioned officers ferving four years in the militia, members of either univerfity, clergymen, diflenting teachers, con-ftables or peace officers, articled clerks, apprentices, feamen, perfons employed in dockyards, freemen of the waterman’s company, and poor

men

Digitized by

Google

Mil

men having three lawful children exempted. fame aft, § 43.

if any fraud is found on examination in regard to apprenticefhips, the perfon bound liable to ferve, and the matter to forfeit 10/. and if no lift'is returned, or any fraud therein, the conftable may be imprifoned for a month, or be fined not more than 5 /. nor under 40 s. to be levied by diftrefs; and any perfon inducing a conftable to make a falfe return, penalty 50/. and perfons refufing to tell the name of any perfon in their houfe to forfeit 10/. and if the lift be loft or deftroyed, another to be made. fame o£i> § 58. 71, 72, 73.

Parifhes may provide volunteers, and if they pay them money may make a rate for the fame, and the overplus to be applied as poor rates, and a perfon ferving three years by himfelf or fubftitute, not liable thereto, and any perfon may appeal to the faid rate, fame aft, § 45, 46.

None but parifh officers may injure perfons againft ferving in the militia, or for providing a fubftitute, or paying fine, on penalty of 100/. but the perfon chofen by lot may find a fubftitute, and perfons of the fame parifh may fubfcribe for fubfti-tutes if any of them are chofen. fame aft, §5^5^53-

Ballotted men to have feven days notice, and if theyrefufe to be fworn (not being Quakers) or to ferve, or find a fubftitute, penalty 10/. to be applied for a fubftitute, and the fur-plus as a regimental ftock, to be levied by diftrefs, and in default thereof may be committed for three months, and the ballotted man at the end of three years liable to ferve again, fame aft, § 42. 93. 128.

Serjeants, &c. of the militia beating up for volunteers to forfeit 20/, one half to the informer and the other

Mil	55	9

to the regimental ftock, and if he re-fufe to declare by whofe orders, to be committed to the houfe of correction for three months, and no officer, when the regiment is out of the county, to engage any man. only a native of the county they belong to. fame ail, § 55, 56.

If any militia man change his place of abode in the fame county to ferve on, and if to another county, to ferve on the firft vacancy the remainder of his time, and on removing to give notice, and to have a certificate, on penalty of 20 s. fame aft, § 67.

If any militia man inlrft in the regulars, to repay the parifh money received for ferving, to be applied for finding another man. fame aft, § 54.

If an hired fervant is ballotted to be paid his wages as by 20 Geo. 2. c.

29.	and no fubftitute excufed from ferving for himfelf; but perfonally ferving to be excufed till it come to his turn by rotation; and if a fubftitute dies or be difeharged, the principal not liable again, but the vacancy to be filled up as in-cafe of death, fame aft, § 50. 69. 78. 61.

Deputy lieutenants and juftices to meet annually on the laft Tuefday in May and Oftober to form regiments and companies, and to inrol, fwear, and difeharge men. fameafty § 57, ta

64-

Militia to be trained and exercifed twice a year for fourteen days each, or once for twenty-eight days, on notice, and to be fupplied with carriages, &c. and billetted, and their mufkets marked, and arms and clothes depo-fited with the ferjeants; and militia men felling, pawning, or lofing, or not delivering up clothes or accoutrements, to be committed to the houfe of correction, and the buyer, &c. to forfeit 5/. or to be whipped, fame afty § 104, to 112.

Non-

Digitized by (^.ooQle

560	Mi

Noncommiffioncd officers not doing their duty, &c. to forfeit 30 s. or may be committed to the houfe of correction; and the commanding officer every time the militia are called out to return a true ftate thereof to the lord lieutenant, fame aft, § 114. 102:

No pay, arms, &c. to be iflucd till three fifths of the militia are inrolled, and three fifths of the officers have taken their commiffions. fame aft, §

ray of militia,	/. s. d.

Adjutant per day	-	060

Scijeant -	-	010

Serjeant major more per week 026 Drummer per day	-	006

Drum major more per day 006 Private man per day	-	010

Corporal more per day -	006

For march each man	-	020

The fame corporal more	010

Contingent expences per month each man	-	005

Regimental clerk per ann. 50 0 o Clerk of the general meetings, each meeting	-	500

Subdivifion meeting clerk,

each meeting -	-	1 1 0

Clothing i

Private men each	-	1100

Drummer -	-	200

Serjeant -	-	3	10	o

1 Geo. 3. r. 22. vol. 23.

Application of the money granted for defraying the charge of the pay, &c. of the militia, &c. 5 Geo. 3. c. 34 vol. 26. 6 Geo. 3. c. 30. 7 Geo. 3. c. 17. vol. 27. 8 Geo. 3. c. 20. 9 Geo. 3. c. 40. 10 Geo. 3. c. 9. vol. 28. 11 Geo. 3. c. 32. 12 Geo. 3. c. 13. vol.

29.	i^Geo.?. c. 23. \\Geo. 3. c. 18. vol 30. 15 Geo. 3. c. 8. 16 Geo. 3. c. 19. 17 Geo. 3. c. 10. vol. 31. 18 Geo. 3. c. 14. 19 Geo. 3. c. 19. w/. 32. 20 Geo. 3. r. 14. 21 Geo. 3. r. 21. vol. 33.

Mil

When the militia are from homd the commanding officer four months before the three years expire, to tranfmit a lift of the men willing to to ferve again, to the clerk of the general meetings, who is to tranfmit a duplicate to the clerk of the fubdivifion meetings, where vacancies are to be filled up. 18 Geo. 3. c. 59. §1,2. vol. 32.

When a militia man deferts, the officer to certify the deputy lieutenants thereof, who are to ballot for another in his room, fame aft, §

14.

Quakers ballotted to produce a certificate of their being fuch by two houfekeepers, quakers: and perfons employed in the King’s dockyards, or at the Tower, Woolwich Warren, or the King’s gunwharfs, &c. not eligible. fame aft, § 15, 16,17. v Serjeants ferving fifteen years in the militia intitled to Cbelfea hofpital, and thofe already belonging thereto to receive their allowance from thence, and ferjeants for mifbehaviour huay be reduced to the ranks, though they have ferved three years, and every militia man chofen by lot to ferve though he changes his place of abode. fame aft, § 18, to 22.

Half of the charges paid by parilhes for the fupport of fubftitutes’ families, to be repaid by the treafurer of the county, and he is not to lofe his vote by receiving relief, fame aft, § 24, 25.

N. B. This claufe repealed by 19 Geo. 3. c. 72. § 1. vol 32.

The families of fubftitutes becoming chargeable, to be relieved by the parifh they belong to, and if they ferve for another parifh in the fame county, to be repaid by that parifh, and if out of the county, to be paid out of the county rates. 19 Geo. 3. c. 72. § 2, 3,4. vol. 32.

Qua*

Digitized by LjOOQle

Mil

Qualifications of all officers above lieutenants to be tranfmitted to the clerk of the peade. fame ad7, § io.

Subftitutes neglecting to be fworn, to return the money received, and to forfeit 20 5. to the ballotted man, or the poor, as the juftices (hall direCt, or be commuted to the houfe of correction. fame aft) § u.

A new oath for half pay officers ferving as lieutenants of fencibles to intitle them to retain their half pay, and ferjeants on the eftabliffiment of Chelfea fo ferving, may retain their allowance, fame ad7, § 17, 18.

Ballotted men neglecting to .be inrolled, or to find fubftitutes, or to pay 10/. and not having fufficient to levy on, may be apprehended and compelled to ferve three years from that time, and alfo punched for de-fertion. fame ad7, § 22.

Lords lieutenants may accept volunteer companies and appoint officers till December 1, 1782. fame year, c. 76.

Volunteers raifed by the laft a CL intitled to a difeharge in three years, unlefs inlifted during the war, and then to remain till difembodietl, and the commiffions to officers in volunteer companies valid. 20 Geo. 3. c. 44. vol. 33.

Further time given to officers to qualify. 19 Geo. 3. c. 72. 20 Geo. 3. c. 8. vol. 33.

No more volunteer companies to be raifed till authorifed by proclamation. 21 Geo. 3. c. 7. vol 33.

Colonels, &c. to return the names of militia men having ferved three years, and willing to ferve three more, and juftices, &c. immediately to make up the deficiency, and return lifts to the officer of the corps they belong to. fameyear^c. 19.

Mil

Mills.

561

Bakers informed againft for adulterating flour, &c. upon 31 Geo. 2. c. 29. proving that he benight fuck flour of a miller or mealman, naming him, and his place of abode; fuch baker to be acquitted, and the miller or mealman offending, fub-jeCt to penalty. 13 Geo. 3. c. 62. § 6. vol 30.

Money.

Counterfeiting copper halfpence or farthings, and receiving or paying fuch, felony, n Geo. 3. c. 40. § i,

Vol. 29.

Juft ice on complaint, bn oath* may caufe houfes, &c. to be fearchtd for tools, &c. and the fame may be feized, defaced and deftroyed, at the juftice (hall direCt. fame a&% §

3-

The treafury may allow out of the coinage duty 1,136/. 195. 10 d. for profecuting coiners in 1770, be-fides the 600 /. per ann. allowed by 15 Geo. 2. c. 28. 12 Geo. 3. r. 57. vol. 29.

ACt 9 & io TV. 3. r. 21. extended to gold coin. 13 Geo. 3. c. 71. vol. 30.

Gold coin regulated, exchanged and recoined, &c. 14 Geo. 3. c. 70.

vol30.

The warden, &c. of the mint with the King’s aflay matter to make weights of a guinea and (hilling refpedively, and multiples thereof to be confirmed by the King, and then deemed ftandard weights, and publickly deferibed, and counterfeiting the fame 50/. penalty; but not to abridge the patent of 12 Jac. 1. to the founder’s company company of London, if they have their

weight?

Dig it zed by CjOOQle

Nat

weights fized and marked according to this adt. fame year, c. 92.

fohn JVhitehurft appointed to ftamp weights by the laft adt, and may take j d. for every twelve weights marked, 15 Geo. 3. c. 30. vol. 31.

The treafury may allow 1,152/. or. 8\d. for profecuting coiners in 1772, 1773, and 1774, befides the tool, per atm. &c. 16 Geo. 3. c. 63. vol. 31.

See Coin, Gold and Silver.

Morden College.

An agreement between the crown and the truftees, for a leafe to them of Maidenftone Hill in the pariftrof Greenwich, confirmed, and the truftees empowered to increafe the fala-ries of the treafurer, chaplain, and poor merchants there. 11 Geo. 3. c. 10. vol. 29.

Mutiny.

For punifhing mutiny and defer-tion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. 4 Geo. 3. c. 3. 5 Geo. 3. c. 7. vol, 26. 6 Geo. 3. c. 8. 7 Geo. 3. c. 10. vol 27. 8 Geo. 3. r. 7. 9 Geo. 3. r. 3. 10 Geo. 3. r. 3. tw. 28. 11 Geo. 3. r. 6. 12 3. c. 4. vol. 29. 13 Gf*. 3. r. 10. 14 Geo. 3. r. 3. W. 30. 15 G/0. 3. r. 6. 16 Geo. 3. r. 2. 17 GV0. 3. r. 3. vol. 31. 18 Geo. 3. c. 4. 19 GVr. 3. c. 12. w/. 32. 20 Geo. 3. r. 16. 21 Gr*. 3. c. 8. vol. 33.

N.

Naturalization.

ALL born out of the legiance of Great Britain, whofe father bjr 4 Geo. 2. c. 21. was intitled to the rights of natural born fubje&s, to be deemed fuch, &c. but the provifoes in 4 Geo. 2. not repealed, nor 5 Geo. 1. altered, nor any vefted right defeated. 13 Geo. 3. c. 21. vol. 30.

Adts 13 Geo. 3. c. 7. and 2 &»• 3. r. 25. explained, and Americans may hold places, but not in Great Britain or Ireland, fame year, c. 25.

Hereafter to be a claufe in every naturalization bill. That the perfon naturalized is not to claim in any foreign country the immunities of a Britijb fubjedt, unlefs he refide in Great Britain feven years fubfequent to the firft day of the feflion wherein fuch bill pafles, and not to be abfent more than two months at a time. 14 Geo. 3. c. 84. vol. 30.

Navigable Canals.

From the river Trent at Wilden ferry, Derby/hirey to the river Merfey at Runcorn Gap in Cbejhire. 6 Geo. 3. C.Q6.V0I.27. ioGeo.7.c.i02.vol.2ii.

From the river Severn between Bewdley and Tit ton Brook in Derby -Jhire and acrofs the river Trent near Hey wood Mill in Staff ordjbire^ to communicate with the canal from the Trent to the Merfey. 6 Geo. 3. c. 97. vol. 27. 10 Geo. 3«-r. 103. vol. 28. 15 Geo. 3. c. 20. vol. 31.

From Coventry to communicate on Fradley Heath with the canal between

the

Digitized by v^ooQle

Na*J

the Trent and the Merfiy. 8 Geo. 3. c* 36. W. 28.

From the river Trent at Hawford in the parifh of Clainesy to Chapel bridge in Droitwich in Worcefierjbire• fame yeary c. 37.

From Birmingham to Bilftoney and fo to Auiherly to communicate with the carlal between the Trent and the Merfey. fame yeary c. 38. 9 Ged 3. c.

53.	voL 28.

From Coventry to Oxford. 8 Geo. 3. r. 70. vol. 28, 15 G/0. 3. c. 9. w/.

31'

To oblige the proprietors of the Birmingham canal to complete the Came to Neuhall Ringy a field near Birmingham. 11 Geo. 3. c. 67. W.

29.

From Leeds bridge in Yorkjhire to the North Ladys Walk in Liverpool Lancajhirey and from thence to the river Merfey. 10 Geo. 3. c. 114. vol. 28.

From Bradford to join the laft canal at Windhill in the townfhip of Idley in Torkjbire. 11 Geo* 3. c. 89. vol. 29.

From Market Weight on in Yorkjhire to the river Humber. 12 Geo. 3. e. 37. w/. 29.

From the river Dee at Chefier to Midlewich and Nantwich. fame year, c. 75. 17 G*?. 3. r. 67. w/. 31. 18 C^. 3. C. 21. t/*/. 32,

From Maugan Porth through the parifhes of Maugany St. Columb Ma-jory Little Colany and St. Colomb Minor , to Lower St. Colomb Forth, in Cornwall. 13 Geo. 3. c. 93. vol. 30.

Sir John Ramfden, hart. to make a navigable canal from the river Colder (between Cooper's Bridge and the mouth of the river Colne) to King's Milly near Huddersfield in Yorkjhire. 14 Geo. 3. c. 13. vol. 30.

From the port or harbour of Bude in the hundred of Stratton in Corn-Vol. XXXIII.

Nai)	563

tbdlly to the river Tamer in the parifh of Calfloke. fame yeary c. 53.

Aft 10 & n W. 3. r. 19. amended, and a canal from the river Aire near Haddefieyy to the river Ouze at Old Brick Garth 4t Ouzegate End in Selby y Yorkjhire. fame year, c. 96.

Sir Nigel Grejleyy bart. and Nigel Bowyer Grefieyy his fon, to make a canal from the coal mines in Apedale to Newcafile under Line. 15 Geo. 3. c. 16. vol. 31.

From Stourbridge town to Stafford and to the Wonefter canal at Stourton% and two cuts, one from the fence on Penfhet Chafe to the junftion of Wordejley Brooke with the Stour; and the other from Black Delpb to the leys in the parifh of Kings Winford in Staff ordjhii e. 16 Geo. 3. c. 28. vol.

31-

.The proprietors of the Trent navigation to make a canal from the fouth fide of Harecafile to Froghall\ and a railway from thence to Caldon% See. fame yeary c. 32.

From lands of Thomas Talbot Foley in Dudleyy to communicate with Stourbridge canal at Black Delpb on Penfnet Chafe in King's Winford. fame yeary c. 66.

From the river Trent in the lord-(hips of Sawley and Long Eatony in Derbyfhirey to Langley Bridge in Derby(hire and Nottinghamjbire. 17 Geo. 3* c. 69. vol. 31.

From Bafingflokey Hantsy to communicate with the river Wey at Chert-fey in Surryf and to the fouth eaft fide of the turnpike road in the parifh of Turgifs, Hants. 18 Geo. 3. c. 75. vol. 3*-

Navyl

Navy, officers may aft as juftices of the peace in relation to crimes P p	con-

Digitized by Google

564 New

concerning the navy. 9 Geo. ye. 30* vol 28.

Newcaflle upon Tyne.

For building a temporary bridge from thence to Gatejbead in the county of Durham. 12 Geo. 3. c. 100. vol.

4 29.

New Gravel Lane, Middlefcx.

For paving the ftreets, &c. in the parifh of St. Paul's, Sbadwell, not comprifed in 11 Geo. 3. c. 23. (fee Nightingal ‘ Lane). 15 Geo. 3. c. 54. vol. 31.

Newington,

For lighting and watching the road from the (tones end next Bhukman ftreet to the bridge at Walworth. 17 Geo. 3. r. 23. w/. 31.

Nightingal Lane, Middlefex.

For paving the ftreets, &c. from thence to Ratcliffe Crofs. 11 Geo. 3. c.

23.	vol. 29.

Nonconformijts.

Proteftant diflenting minifters taking the oaths and fubfcribing the declaration againft popery, and the declaration in this adt, to be intitled to all the privileges by iW.iiM. c. 18. and 10 An. c. 1. and exempt from ferving in the mihtia, and from all punilhment by adt of uniformity, and may inftrudt youth, but not hold the mafterlhip of any college, or fchool of royal foundation, and 1 W. & M. c. 18. and this adt deemed publick adts. 19 Gee. 3. c. 44. vol. 32.

Nor

Norfolk.

For the employment of the poor, &c. in eaft and well Flegg hundreds.

15	Geo. 3. c. 13. vol 31.

The like in the hundreds of Milford and Launditch. fame year, c. 59.

The like in the hundred of Forehoe.

16	Geo. 3. c. 9. vol. 31.

Northampton.

See Paving.

Norwich.

For licenfing a playhoufe there. 8 Geo. 3. c. 28. vol. 28.

o.

Oats and Oatmeal.

MAY be imported duty free.

6 Get. 3. (. 4. vol. 27. fame year, c. 40. 7 Get.3. c. 8. 8 Geo. 3. t, 2. vol. 28.

Oaths.

Further time allowed, and indemnity to officers, &c. who have omitted to take the oaths, &c. required. 5 Geo. 3. t.4. vol. 26. 6	3.	c.	7.

7 Geo. 3. c. 31. vol.27. 8 Geo. 3. c. 6. 9 Geo. 3. c. 12. 10 Geo. 3.	42.

vol. 28. 11 Geo. 3.	18.	12	Geo.	3.

e. 31. vol. 29. 13 Geo. 3. c. 12. 14 Geo. 3. t. 47. vol. 30. 15 Geo. 3. c. 17. 16 Geo. 3. t. 39. 17 <?». 3. t. 37. w/. 31. 18 Geo. 3. r. 39. 19 Geo. 3. r. 47. vol.32. ao Geo. 3. t. 47. 21 G«.3.r. 25. vol. 33.

Form

Digitized by

Ore

Form of the oath of abjuration by I Geo. i.Ji. 2. c. 13. and 5 Geo. 1. r.

29.	altered. 6 (?/*. 3. c. 53. tW. 27.

Pcrfons profefling the popifh religion, taking the oaths preferibed by this ad, may inherit lands, &c. 18 Geo. 3. c. 60. t#/. 32.

Orchillia Weed.

May be imported duty free. 21 Geo. 3. c. 62. w/. 33.

Oxford.

For regulating the poor there. 11 G**. 3. c. 14. W. 29.

For rebuilding Magdalen college, and amending the ways and ftreets at Oxford. 11 Ueo. 3. r. 19. 1/0/. 29.

Extended to feveral works in the univerfity and city of Oxford and fa-

Pap	565

burbs, and the parifh of St. CUment. 21	Geo. 3. c.	47. vol. 33.

P.

Paper.

PRINTED, painted, or Rained abroad, may be imported on a duty of 1	\d.per fquare	yard, but not

to extend to India paper. 13 Geo. 3.

t.	67. vol.30.

The duties by 10 An. e. 19. and 12	An. ft.2. c. 9. (except as to the

duties on paper printed, painted, or Rained in Great Britain to ferve for hangings, and other ufes) to ceafe, and in lien thereof, on all paper, Sic. made in Great Britain, the following duties by 21 Geo. 3. t. 24. vol. 33. viz.

FIRST TABLE.

Denomination. Writing.

Imperial Super Royal Royal Medium Demy Thick Poll Thin Poll Small Poft -Fool’s Cap Pot

Value per Ream.

1. Sr

2 11 1 lS o 19*

1 9 o 194 1 2 6 17 i o 16 o 154 o 13 o 154 o 10 o 15? O 7 6 13I o 9 o I3i o 6 o I2i

Duty per

Ream.

I.	s. d. 30} o 9 o 274 069

24 Q 5 o 22* 040 20 O 2	9

19* 0 2 3 39T	01	9

16* O I 3 16} Ol6

154 O I O

Dimensions, Inches.

d.

0 22 by

P p 2

SECOND



Digitized by Google

566

Pap

SECOND

Denomination.

Writing, or Copper Plate Printing. Double Atlas	-	-	-

Demy -Copy or Baftard

Fool’s Cap -	-	-

Lrittris Fool’s Cap

Pot	-

Grand Eagle, or Double Elephant

Colombier	-	-	-

Atlas	-

Atlas	-

Small Atlas	-

Imperial -

Super Royal

Long Royal -

Royal	-

Demy

TAB

Value per Ream.

I. s.

IS o o 12

0 I 6

4

o

o

o

o

4

2	10

3	0 2 o 1 10 1 10 1 5 1 o o 18 o 13

Pap L E.

Dimenfions. Inches.

55 by 3i£

>5i

16

*3*

I3i

ni

264

23i

2bi

ib{

25

22

*9*

27i

I9i

17

Short Demy, or Crowns -	-	090

20

20i

i6i

*7*

15*

40

34s

3+

34

3i

3°i

*7i

18

24

22

20il

Duty per Ream.

I. s. d. 1 10 o 0x9 010 o o 10 o o 10 008

O II

o 7 o 10 o 6 5 4 3 3 2

Large Fan Small Fan Elephant

V* or C15	20	J

O

o

o

o

o

o

013

o 14

O 11

o is

o

o

o

23*

22i

23

20

20*

x3i

28

Paper for the bank, or banker’s bills or notes, allowing two' in each (heet, and fo in proportion, per ream	<

o

o

o

2

1

2

O

6

3

o

THIRD

Printing•

Double Demy -

Royal - •

Royal Inferior Medium -

Demy Single

Demy Inferior -	-	.

Double Crown Double Crown Inferior Single Crpwn Single Crown Inferior -Demy Tiflue Crown Tiflue Double Pot

TABLE.

Value per	Dimenfions.		Duty per
Bundle.	Inches		Bundle.
i 18 1 o	26 by 38i  19*		056
M  O	or  . 20	*6!	|o 3 6
0 14 o	*9*	24i	0 2 0
10 0  1	18  \'7i	23  22	029  I
o 17 oH	or  L194		>0 2 6
0 10 0	*7i	22	016
0 17 0	20	3°	024
0 12 0	20	30	019
0 13 0	15	20	0 2 0
080	15	*20	0x3
0 8 v	*7i	22	OI3
050	15	20	0 0 10
090	17	2<T 0 I 6  F 0 U R T	

Digitized by CjOoq le

567

Pap

FOURTH

Denomination. Ordinary and Coloured. Cartridge *

Cartridge Square Cartridge

Elephant Common Sugar Blue Ditto, fmaller fize Ditto, Demy fize -Ditto, Crown fize -Purple Royal Blue Elephant

Blue Royal

Blue Demy and Bloflom Blue Crown, Angle

FIFTH

Whited Brown and Browns. Royal Hand, thick

Royal Hand Lumber Hand Double Two Pound Single Two Pound Middle Hand, double -Middle Hand Small Hand, double $mall Hand -	-

Couples, Pound and Half

Imperial Cap Havon Cap Bag Cap -Kentilh Cap Four Pounds Small Cap

Double Four Pounds -Single Two Pounds

Couples, Pound and Half

Pap

TABLE.

Dimenfient.

Inches.

21 by 26

24^	25I

T A

23

21I

18*

*7i

15

*94

23

19*

»7

*5

B L

24

28

33

27

22

Duly per Ream. I. s. d. x 2 1

1

2

X I

«•

■{

24

24

23

n

33

22

3*

I9i

12

or

29

24

23*

21

20

20

'i

11

12

or

hundred weight

20	013
24i	0 1 0
28	016  per Bundle.
24i	020
22	o# 1 3
20 E, *	0 09
ifions.	Duty per
<es.	Ream.
»9i	0 0 10 per Bundle.
»9i	010
18	010
16	019
11	004
21	016
	009
20	010
16  1° I	006
' J	004 per Rem.
22	010
20	009
*9	008
18	006
l6	0 06
*5	004
20	010
11 10 1	006
7iJ  glazO	O  O  4*
!, per >	O46

PP3

The

Digitized by

Google

568	Tap

The duties on the faty-five forts of paper mentioned, to be paid by the maker, and under the commif-fioners of the excife, with lol per cent. on the amount of the duties*. fame atl9 to § 4.

A ream to confift of 20 auires of

24	(heets .each, (except double demy for newfpapers, which is to confift of

25	(heets per quire) and a bundle is to confift,of 40 quires of 24 (heets each (except as above) and the duty to be paid according to the dimen-fions in t^ie ad, though the name lhould be altered, fame afi> § 4, 5.

New fabricks to pay 18 L per cent* ad valorem? according to the price at London, on the oath of the maker, and if undervalued, may be taken to the next excife office, and f6ld to pay the daty, and the furplus one moiety to the officer, and the othdr to the exchequer, fame at7, § 9.

Paper paying duty to be marked, and a drawback allowed to urfiverfi-ties for all books printed by them in Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern languages, fame afl9 § 40, 41.

Papifts.

Further time allowed to inrol their deeds or wills, and for the relief of proteftant purchafers. 12 Geo. 3. c. 10. 14 Geo. 3. c. 37. vol. 29. 17 Geo. 3. c. 45. vol. 31. 18 Geo. 3. c. 46. vol. 32.

So much of 11 & 12 W. 3. c. 4. as relates to the apprehending or prosecuting popifh bifhops, priefts, or jefuita, or that fubjeds them, or papifts keeping fchool, or educating or boarding youth in the realm, to perpetual imprifonment* or that difables papifts to inherit or take by devife or limitation any eftate, &c. and gives the fame to the next of kin, being a pitoteftant, and fo much of the fame

Par

ad . as difables papifts to purchafe, &c. and makes void all eftates therein, &c. repealed. 18 Geo. 3. c. 60. § i. vol. 32.

Perfons claiming under titles not yet litigated, to enjoy, &c. but not to affed any fuit depending, nor to extend to thofe who in iix months, or hereafter on coming of age, take the oath .preferibed, nor to popifh bifhops, priefts, jefuits, or fchool-mafters, taking the oath before apprehended or profecuted. fame atl9 to See Ireland. eputy clerks of the peace to have theTame power as principals in ad-miniftering oaths as to the execution of wills and deeds of papifts, and the enrolment thereof. 21 Geo. 3. c. 51. vol 33.

Parliament. *

For an additional. building and more commodious paffages to the houfc of commons. 7 Geo* 3. c. 32. vol. 27.

For regulating trials of controverted eledions, or returns of members for feven years. 10 Geo. 3. c. 16. vol

28.	11 Geo. 3., c. 42. vol. 29.— Made perpetual by 14 Geo. 3. c. 15^ vol. 30.

The fgeaker to iffue lii$ warrant for a writ for a new eledion on the death of any member during the re-cefs, if the death is certified by two members, and fouiteen day’s notice in the London Gazette 5 in cafe the writ of the eledion of the deceafed had been brought into office fifteen days before the end of the preceding feffion. 10 Geo. 3. c. 41. vol 28.

Plaintiffs in fuits in courts of record, equity, admiralty, or ecclefiafti-cal, may proceed againft members, or their fervants, or privileged perfons, but not to arreft members, and iffues returned on diftringas may be fold.

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

Par

and obedience to be given to the rules cf the court, and to extend to Scot* land, fame year, c. 50.

A6ts 1 i*/7. 5. & 8. 10 & 23 Hen.

6.	fo far as relates to the refidence of perfons eledted membeVs, or of the electors, repealed. 14 Geo. 3. c. 58. vol. 30.

Speaker not to ifliie his warrant for a new eledliori, bnlefs the death was certified, fo that notice may be given fourteen days before the meeting df parliament, nor where a petition was, depending at the lad prorogation or adjournment. 15 Geo. 3. c. 37. § 1. veil. 31.

mvf iflue his warrant on a member’s becoming a peer, the fame as if he was dead, fame aft, § 2.

But not for Sbaftonals, alias Sbaftef-bury, during the ilext recefs. fame

§ 3*

Parliament may be aflembled id fourteen days (though adjourned or prorogued for longer time) in cafe of rebellion; 16 Geo. 3. c. 3. § 2. vol. 31.

The election of knights for Hants removed from Winchejler to New AU resford. 20 Geo. 3, c. 1. vol. 33.

None to vote for knights of (hires, unlefs afleffed to the land tax for his qualification fix months before the election; but not to extend to annuities or fee farm rents (duly re-giftered) if ifluing out of lands, &c. rated, or to perfons intitled by de-feent, marriage fettlement, devife, or promotion to a living or office in 12 months before, if the qualifications have been rated two years before. fame year, c. 17. § 1,2.

Hufbands intrtled to dower in right of their wives, though the dower is not fet out, may vote, fame aft,

§ n-

The clerk of the peace to attend on ele&ions on being paid 2 /. 2 s. per day, and is. 6d* per mile for

Pdv	569

travelling charges, and after the writ is out, any perfon may fearch his office, and have copies of duplicates on paying bd♦ for every 300 words, and 500 7. penalty on refufal, to be recovered with cods by adtion in two months by the party aggrieved, and on judgment and con vision to forfeit his office, but profecution by others t& be in n months, fame aft, to § ig. See Land Tax.

The city of Winchejler and town of Sbrtwfbkry exempted out of the pro-vifions by 8 Geo. 2. c. 30. (title Parliament') fo far as relates to the removal of troops dhring elections ; to continue whilft* there are prifoners df war at Wimhefter, but not to be more than three foldiers to each 20 prifoners, and during the fame time the eledlions are to be at Alresford, and the poll tb be adjourned to Newport in the JJle of Wight, as by 7 & 8 W. 3. c. 7. and while prifoners in the building over the Severn near Sbrewfbury, the troops neceflary to guard them not to be removed, but one relief every 24 hours during the election, and only one foldier to every 20 prifoners. fame year, c. co. — Continued by 21 Geo. 3. c. 43. vol. 33.

Right of ele&ion for the city of Coventry declared to be in freemen having ferved feven years apprentice-fhip, not receiving alms, being fwom and inrollcd. fame year, c. 54.

Paving, Lighting, CleanfingJVatch-irig, &c.

The powers given by 2 Geo. 3. c. 2i. 3 Geo. 3. c: 23. and 4 Geo. 3. e.

39.	as to Weftminjltr and feveral parities in Mtddlefex, enlarged. 5 Geo. 3. c. 50. tool. 26. 6 Geo. 3. c. 54. vol. 27. 11 Geo. 3. c. 22. vol. 29.

For paving and opening ftreets in P p 4	London,

Digitized by v^ooQle

570	Pav

London, and 33 Geo. 2. f. 30. explained. 6 Geo. 3. cr 26. & 27. w/. 27. — Sep 8 Gr*. 3. c. 21. (London).

For paving, &c. the ftreets, &c. in Southwark, and granting Sunday tolls at Symond's Corner, Blackman Street, Newington Butts, the new road end of S/w/, St. Georges church, £/dr Corner, Dock Head and FW/y Bridge. 6 (?/?. 3., r. 24. W. 27. — Amended as to fewers and publick buildings, and opening new ftreets.

/ ji Geo. 3. c. 17. vol. 29, 14 G/0. 3.

,	y.	w/. 30.

For paving, &c. the road from Gorges9 Street to Hyde Park Corner, and from the fouth end of Park Lane to the north fide of Hertford Street, &p. 6 Gr<?. 3. r. 54. vol. 27.

The like for the ftreets in the pa-jifh of St. Botolph, Aldgate, and Eajl Smithfield and the precindt of St. Catherines. 7 Geo. 7. c. 85. yol. 27* 9 Geo. 3. e. 22. vol. 28.

For enlarging the poyrer$ of fer veral former a£ts for paving, See. the ftreets of Briflol. 6 Geo. 3. c. 34. vo(. 27.

For opening paflages and paving, &c. in the parifh of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and eredling a turnpike in Holywell Street, between the fouth fide of Shoreditch church and the north fide of the road to Bethnall Green. 8 Geo. 3. c. 33. vol. 28. extended to part of Hog Lane, in the liberty of Norton Falgate. 16 Geo. 3. c. 60. vol.

31-

For paving, &c. the borough of New IVindjor. 9 Geo. 3. c. ro. vol. 128.

Tbp like of the liberty of St. Martin le Grand, fame year, c. 13.

The like of the town of Gqinfba-rough in Lincolnjhire, and laying a ijuty pi} all coals (old therp4 fame year ? e. 21. ‘

28 Geo. 2. r, 37. (fpe Paving)

Pav

for lighting, &c. St. Bartholomew the Great in London, amended, fame year, c. 23.

tor paving, &c. St. Nicholas in Rochejlcr, and Strood in Kent, fame year, c. 32.

The like of Plymouth. 10 Geo. 3. c.

14.	vol. 28. 12 Geo. 3. c. 8. vol. 29. 14 Geo. 3. c. 8. vol. 30.

The like of the city of Worcefler, and fupplying the fame with water. 10 Geo. 3. c. 22. vol. 28. 11 Geo. 3. C. 13. vol. 29. 20 Geo. 3. c. 21. vol. 33-

Adf 29 Geo. 2. r. 53. (fee Paving) relating to St* Mary le Bone, repealed andaltered. 8 Geo. 3, c. 4.6. vol. 28.

For paving, &c. the parifh of St. Mary le Bone, and regulating weights and meafures there. 10 Geo. 3. c. 23. yol. 28. 13 Geo. 3. c. 48. vol. 30.

The like of the parifhes and wards pf St. Michael, St. JohYt, Holy Rood, St. Lawrence, All Saints within the bar, AH Saints without the bar, Eajl Street and Bag Row, in the town of Southampton. 10 Geo. 3. c. 25. vol. 28.

The like of ftreets ip the city of Winchejler. 11 Qeo. 3. c. 9. vol 29.

The like of that part of Goodmans Fields which lies in the parifh of IVbite chapel in Middle)ex. fame year.

c. 12.

The like of that part of Whitechapel high ftreet which lies in the county of Middlefex, and alfo the foot paths of tbe road. Jame year, c. 15. 18 Geo. 3. c. 37. vol. 32.'

The like of Wapping Street in Mid* dlejex, and for opening a paflage from jiermitage Street into Nightingal Lane. 11 Geo. 3. c. 21. vol. 29.

The like qf Rofernary Lane from the parifh of St. Botolph, Aldgate, to Cable Street, and part of the prccindt o( Well Clofe, Sec. fame year, c. 23.

for clcanfing and lighting the fown

k

Digitized by L,ooQle

Pav

of South Leith, in Scotland, the territory of St. Anthony and Yard Heads, and fupplying the feveral pans with firefb water, fame year, r. 30.

For paving, &c. the parifli of St. Jobny Clerkenwelly in Middlefex. fame

year* c. 33.

For cleanfing, lighting aad watch* ing the fouth fide of the city of Edinburgh. fame year, c. 36.

For paving, &c. part of the town of Wakefield in Yorkfbire. fame year, f. 44*

The like of the parifh of St. Luke io Middlefexy and widening the weft end of Chifwell Street and the fouth end of Brick Lane, &c. fame year, r. 46.

The like of Hay don Square, &c. in the parifh of the Holy Trinity in the JMnories in Middlefex. fame year, r.

54-	\

Fqr lighting, &c. the burgh of Ca-nongate and the liberties of Pleafance and Lfith Wynd, adjoining to the royalty of the city of Edinburgh. 12 GW. 3. r. 15. w/. 29.

For lighting and watching fuch part of the town of IJlington as lies in the parifh of St. Mary in IJlington, ai>4 eftablifhing a watch there, fame year% e. 17.

For paving, &c. the town and parifh of Chatham in Kent. fame yeary c.

18.	— Extended to the parifhes of St. Margaret and Gillingham. j6 Gr*. 3. r. 58. w/. 31.	\

The like of the parifh of Chrifl Church in Middlefex^ and fuch part of Brick Lane as is not within the fame parifh. 12 Geo. 3. c. 38. vol. 29.

The like of the part of the parifh of St. Sepulchre which lies in Middlefex. fame year, c. 68.

The like of the part of the parifh of St. Pancras in Middlejexy which lies on the weft fide of Tottenham Courf road, fame year> e. 69.

Pav 571

The like of the high ftreet, eaft ftreet and weft ftreet in the town and parifhes of Graveftnd and Milton in Kent. 13 Geo. 3. e. 15.	30.

The like of the town-of in	Scotland, and for cleanfing the har-

bour there, and fupplying the inhabitants with frelh water, fame year, e. 28.

For paving, &c. regulating the market and building groyns, &c. at

BrigbtbelmJIone in Suffix.	c,

36.

For lighting, &c. the roads, &c. in the tovyn and chapelry of in Surry, fame year, c. 42.

The like of the town of upon Thames in Surry, fame year, e. 61.

For paving,“fee. the town of Cardiff in	Glamorganjbire. 14 Geo. 3. t. 7.

vol.jfo.

Trie like of the parilh of St. James, Clerkenwell in Middlefex. fame year, e,

24.	17 Geo. 3. c. 63. vol. 31.

The like of the ftreets of the old artillery ground in the liberty of the tower of London. 14 Geo. 3. t. 30. vol.

30.

The like of the city and fuburbs of Hereford, fame year, e. 38.

The like of Grofuenor Square, and all other ads relating thereto, repealed, fame year, e. 52.

For regulating the watch and beadles in the city and liberty of minjler. fame year, t. 90.

For lighting the hamlet of High-gate in Middlefex. 15 Geo. 3. c. 43. vol. 31.

For paving, &c. New Gravel Lane in the parifh of St. Paul, Shadwell, not comprized in 11 Geo. 3. c. 23. (fee above), fame year, e. 54.

For watering Piccadilly from the end of' Berkley Street to Hyde Park corner, fame year, c. 57.

Fojr lighting,' ic. the parifh of Hampjlead

A

Digitized by Google

572

Hampfhad in Middkfex. fame year, c. 58*

The like of the part of the parifti of St. George in Middlcfex, not in the liberty of the Tower. 16 Geo. 3. c. 15. vol. 31.

The like of the borough of in Lincolnjhire. fame year, r. 25.

The like of the villages of Camber-tc/W/ and Peckbatn in 5«rry, and a foot patrol eftablifhed between Peck-ham and Blackman Street, Southwark, fame year9 c. 26.

For paving, &c. ftreets in the borough of Dorchejler and Colliton Row in Dorfetjhire, and for preventing fu* ture buildings being thatched, fame year>c.27.

The like of the ftreets of Portf mouth. 8 Geo. 2. c. 62. vol. 28. 16 Geo. 3. r. 59. tw/. 31.

The like of the town of Brecknock, and fupplying the fame with water. 16 Gw. 3. r. 56. lW. 31*

The like of the town of Weymouth and Mekombe Regis, fame year, c. 57-

For widening, &c. ftreets of the town of Manchejler in Lancajhire. fame year9 c. 63.

For paving. See. Wctfrping Street and Rateliffe Highway, and opening a communication between them, and alfo between Old Gravel Lane and Virginia Street, &c. 17 Geo. 3. c. 22. vol. 31.

For lighting, &c. the road from Blackman Street to the bridge at Walworth. fame year 1 c. 23.

For opening the ftreets, &c. of the town of Woolverhampton. fame year, c. 25.

For eftablifhiftg a watch in Mile End, OW	in the parifh of Step-

fame y ear y t. 66.

For paving, &c. the city of Glou-r^/7rr. fame year, r. 68.

The Ike of Z>*w in Kent add the

pa

parishes of St. Mary the Virgin and St. James the Apojtle there. 18 Geo. 3. c. 76. vol. 32.

The like of the ftreets. See. of Norton Falgate extraparochial, and part of Magpie Alky and Bloffom Street. fame year, c. 77. ’

The like of Dirty Kane and other avenues from Whitechapel to Bijbopf-gate Street, fame year, c. 80.

The like of the town of Northampton. fame year, c. 79.

The like of the borough of Bridge* %vatery and for efe&ihg a market-houfe there. 19 Geo. 3. r. 36. vol. 32-

The like of the town of Burton upon Trent, fame year, r. 39.

The like of the town of Colcbefler. 21 Geo. 3. c. 30. vol. 33.

The like of the borough of Devifes in Wiltjhire. fame year9 c. 36.

The like of Henley upon Thames in Oxford/hire. fame year, r. 33.

The like of the town of Plymouth Dock. fame year9 c. 72.

Pilots.

For regulating them at

in Norfolk. 13 Geo. 3. r. 38. w/. 30.

Plague.

The treafury may pay 5000 /. for the purchafe of lands, &c. whereon to build a lazaret to be vefted in the crown. 12 Geo. 3. c. 57. vol 29.

Plantations.

Duties on fugar, mdico, coffee, pimento, wines, wrought filks, calH-cocs, cambricks, and lawns imported into the plantations. 4 Geo. 3. e. 15. vol. 26.

Stamp duties imputed on the plantations

Digitized by v^ooQle

Via

tations in America. 5 Geo. 3. r. 12. Repealed by 6 G/0. 3. r. 11. iW. 27.

Spirits (hipped in America not to be landed in the ljk of Man. 5 Geo. 3. r. 39. § 5.*W. 26.

Aits 2 Gh. 2/ r. 25. as to white pines in Nova Scotia, and 5 Gr$. 2. c.

24.	as to coffee, continued by 6 Geo. 3.

44.	§ 3* 4. W. 27. 14 Geo. 3. c. 86. § 6. voI. 30.

Prince Rupert9s Bay and Rofea in Dominica, and Kingflon9 Savannah le Mer, Montego Bay and	in

Jamaica, declared free ports for one decked (hips (except certain goods fpecified). 6 Gr$. 3.*. 49. vol 27. 13 Gr*. 3. r. 73. w/. 30. 14 Geo. 3. c. 41. v*/. 30. 21 Gr*. 3. c. 29. vs/. 33-

For indemnifying perfons againft the penalties of the ltamp ait in Arne-rica, and making deeds. See. undamped, valid. 6 Geo. 3. c. 51. vol. 27.

Alteration ofahe duties in America on foreign melaffes and fyrups, and Briiijb Tugar, coffee and pimento, coals, Eaji India goods, cambricks, &c. and for regulating the trade with America, fame year, c. 52? 7 Geo. 3. c. 2. vol. 27.

Sago powder and vermicelli allowed to be imported, duty free, from the colonies in America. 7 Geo. 3. r. 30. w/. 27. 21 Gr<?. 3. r. 29. vol. 33.

Premiums on importing raw filk from America, viz. from January 1, 1770, to the fame 1777, 25/. />rr rr/i/. to January 1, 1784, 20/.

and to January 1, 1791, 15/. per cent. 9 Gr$. 3. c. 38. «w. 28.

Importers of rum and fpirits from the plantations may warehoufe the fame according to 15 Geo. a. c. 25. (fee Brandy, &c.) which with fevcral other adts are continued. 11 Geo. 3. C. vol. 2%.

Via	57	3

Adis 8 Geo. 1. r. 12. as to timber from America, and 12 G/0. 2.	30.

as to fugar from the fame continued. 12 Gr*. 3. c. 56. § 4. tw/. 29. tlGeo. 3. r. 45. vol< 32.

Adt 21 Geo. 2. c. 30. and others relating to indico from America continued. 12 Geo. 3. c. 56. § 6. t/*/. 29. 17 Gr*. 3. c. 44. w/. 31.

Foreigners may lend money on eftates in the colonies at 5 /. per cent. , per ann. 13 Geo. 3. r. 14. vol. 30.

Cocoa and coffee the produce of Dominica may be imported under the fame regulations as fugar and rum from thence, and one feventh part allowed on coffee in the hulk. 13 Geo. 3. c. 73. vol 30. 17 Geo. 3. c.

44.	vol 31.

Duty on negroes imported to Dominica and exported from Jamaica* reduced from 30/. to 2 s. 6 d. per head. 13 Geo. 3. c. 73. § 4. vol 30.

Timber the growth of Dominica may be imported to other American colonies, fubjedt to 12 Geo. 2. c. 18. fame afi9 § 5. Continued by 17 Geo. 3. <• 44- § 4- W. 31.

Officers of the cuftoms in Afcw-foundland may take the fame fees as were taken at Halifax in Nova Scotia before Jan. 1,1768. 16 Geo. 3. c. 47. vol. 31.

The exercife of taxation over the Britijh colonies in North America and the IVeJi Indies, except for the regulation of commerce given up by par* liament. 18 Geo. 3. c. 12. § 1. vol. 32-

So much of 7 Geo. 3. c. 46 (fee America) as impofes a duty on tea from Great Britain to America, repealed. fame aft9 § 2.

See America.

Pb-

. Digitized by Google

Ply

Por

Plymouth.

Leafe of ground for the improve-merit of the dock agreed for by the eommifiioners of the navy, confirmed. 6 Geo. 3. c. 102. vol. 27.

For building a chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the parifh of Stoke Darner ell. 9 Geo. 3. c. 85. vol. 28.

For veiling lands, itc/at Plymouth and Sheernefs, in truflees, for enlarging the dockyards, &c. and for the better defending the paffage of the river Thames at Gravejend and Tilbury Fort. %o Geo.^3. c. 38. vol. 33.

Poor.

Poor children belonging to the feventeen parifhes without the walls of London, the twenty-three in Mtd-dlefex and Surry within the bills of mortality, and the ten in the city and liberty of Wefiminjler, regulated. 7 Geo. 3. c. 30. vol. 27. — See Churchwardens.

Overfeers of the poor in England to return anfwers on oath to the queftions fpecified as to the flate of the poor. 16 Geo. 3. e. 40. vol. 31.

Poor children bound apprentices b£ corporations, to be provided for in the fame manner as if bound by parilh officers, but no perfon obliged to take an apprentice, unlefs an inhabitant or occupier of land, &c. in the parifh whereto the child belongs. 20 Geo. 3. c. 36. vol. 33.

Bafiards born in houles of induflry to belong to the parifh where the mother is legally fettled, fame aft) §

2.

For regulating the poor at Plymouth Dock) and in the parilh of Stoke Damerel. 21 Geo. 3. c. 72. vol. 33.

Porcelain.

Letters patent grants to William Cookworthy) of Plymouth'S for making porcelain from moor (lone and gro-wan or growan clay, and affigned to Richard Champion, of Br\foly continued from the 17th of March9 8 Gtom

3.	for 28 years. 15 Geo. 3. c. 52. vol.

31*

Portfmouth.,

Goods not fubjedl to duty on ex* portation or prohibited, may be conveyed from Southampton and Portsmouth to Cowes in the IJle of Wigot9 and alfo fheep and cattle (horfes and lambs excepted) in open boats. 6 Geo. 3. c. 50. §	vol.	27. — Sec

Paving.

Portugal.

Goods the produce of the Portu-guefe fettlements, may be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in Por-tuguefe (hips, and wool, barilla, je-fuit's bark and linen yarn, may be imported from any place in neutral (hips in amity, during the prefent hoftilities, foreign (hips paying alien duty. 21 Geo. 3. c. 27. vol. 33.

Pojlage of Letters,

See Pofl Office.

Pofi Office ♦

Portage of letters as fettled, from London to any port in America.

s. d.

Single	-	10

Double	-	20

Treble -	-	-	30

Per ounec -	*40

}nJan4

Digitized by

Pof

Inland In Americay 60 miles.

Single	;• d. 0 4
Double	0 8
Treble -	10
Per ounce	1 4
100 miles, (ingle	- 0 8
Double	1 4
Treble	2 0
Per ounce	2 8
5 Gee. 3. t.25. vol. 26.	
No (hip to make ent	ry or break
bulk, till the letters are	delivered to

the poft office; and (hip letters not by packet boats, to pay i d. more each, fame § 3, 4.

Ip Great Britain fox one poft		
ftage,	s.	d.
Single -	0	I'
Double -	0	2
Treble -	0	3
Per ounce	0	4
Two ftages, Angle -	0	2
Double	0	4
Treble	0	6
Per ounce -	0	8

and fo in proportion 5 but not to extend to penny pofts, which may carry four ounces, fame aft, § 6,14.

Pottage between England and Ireland , to be through Carlifle, Dpmfreis, Port Patrick and Donaghaddee, or other convenient ports, fame at7, § 7-

Poftmafter may caufe the roads to he meafured, and appoint penny poft offices in any city or town and fuburbs, and places adjacent, in Great Britain, Ireland, and America. fame ally § 11.

None to collect letters without leave of the poftmafter, but letters may be fent by penny poft from the general poft office, fame ally § 13,

Any officer of the poft office fe-creting, embezzling, or deftroying

p°f 575

letters, &c. wherewith he is intruded, containing bank notes, &c. or dealing letters or robbing the mail, death, fame ally § 17.

Deftroying letters or advancing the poftage, and not accounting for the money received, felony, fame aft,

§ 19*

1,500/. per ann. allowed out of the poft office to the clerks of the fe-cretary of dates’ office, in lieu of their franking letters. 9 Geo. 3. c. 35.

§ 5. vol. 28.

Members of parliament may frank printed newfpapers, &c. 40 days before or after any prorogation, and the clerk afliftant and reading clerk of the houfe of lords, and out doors clerk of the houfe of commons, are not to pay poftage. fame ally § 6, 7. .

Poft Horfes.

The duty on licences to let poft horfes and carriages by 19 Geo. 3. c. 51. to ceafe, and poftmafters, innkeepers, and others letting out horfes for hire, to pay 5 s. annually for a licence, and to exprefs the fame over their doors. 20 Geo. 3. c. 51. § 2. vol 33.

Perfons travelling poft by the mile, to pay 1 d. per mile for each horfe, and it by the day, or the diftance not afeertained, 1 s. 6 d. per day for each horfe. fame aft, § 2.

Hackney coach horfes within ten miles of Londony exempted; but if horfes for drawing carriages are hired for lefs than two days to be deemed as hired for one day, and if hired by ' the mile or ftage to be deemed as travelling poft. fame ally § 18, 33,

34-

Penalty of forging tickets or certificates 10/. equally between theKing and the profecutor; if the penalties arc so/, or more, may be fued for

in

Digitized by v^ooQle

576	Pvt

in the courts at Wejlminjler, in three months, fame aft, § 48, 49, 50.

So much of 9 An. c. 10. as redrains others than podmaders from letting horfes, repealed, fame aft, §57.

Pot and Pearl Afhes.

To pay for 3 years on importation ar. per hundred, avoirdupoife, and 6 d. per hundred for wood and weed a(hes, fubjedl alfo to the 5 /. per cent. a£t, to be paid in ready money, and no allowance or drawback on exportation. 20 Geo. 3. c. 25. vol. 33.

PrintJ,

Inventors of hidorical or other prints, or who fhall take them from pictures, models, or fculpture, fc-cured in their property for 28 years, and engraving or importing copies for fale, fubjedl to the penalty of 8 Geo. 2. c. 13. (fee Boots). 7 Geo. 3. c. 2i.vol.2j.

Hogarth’s prints veded in his widow for 20 years, from Jan. 1,1767, (except fuch copies as have been publilhed fince the end of the fird 14 years granted to him), fame aft, § 3.

The proprietors of prints may fue publtfhers for damages. 17 Geo. 3. c. 37. vol. 31.

Prifoners.

Prifoners charged with felonies or other crimes, or as acceffories in England or Wales* and no bill found, or acquitted on trial, or difcharged by proclamation for want of profe-cution, to be fet at large in the court, without paying fees to the (heriff or gaoler, and their fee abolifhed, and ih lieu thereof the trcafurer of the county, on the judge’s certificate, to

Pri

pay 13J. 4tf. for each. 14 Geo.*3. c.

20.	vol. 33.

All actions againd die riffs, under -fheriffs, or gaolers, for the efcape of prifoners during the late tumults, void, and the defendant may plead the general iffue, and have double cods. 20 Geo. 3. c. 64. § 2. vol. 33. — See Riots.

The lad adl extended tq perfons arreded and bailed fince the deftruc-tion of the goals and before they fhall be repaired, and other prifons are fubdituted in lieu thereof. 21 Geo. 3. c. 1. vol. 33. ’

No debtor to be removed by Habeas Corpus into the Kings Bench or Fleet prifons, till repaired, and debtors in the country furrendering them-felves, to be committed to the county gaol, fame afl, § 2, 3.

So Riots, Infolvent Debtors.

Prizes, fcfr.

Commiflioners appointed to fettle the account of prize money remaining In the agents’hands unclaimed, and the (hare of the land forces to be divided amongd them, but if hot claimed before Jan. 1, 1767, forfeited. 5 Geo. 3. c. 24. vol. 26.

All forfeited and unclaimed (hare9 of feamen or marines’ prize money (in conjundt expeditions) veded in Greenwich hofpital, and the (hares of land forces unclaimed to be paid to the commiflioners of prizes appointed by the laft a<3. 12 Geo. 3. t. 25. vol. 29.

Adi 33 Geo. 2. e. 19. as to the manner of recovering penalties and forfeitures to Greenwich hofpital, repealed. 16 Geo. 3. c. 24. vol. 31.

The foie property of all prizes taken by men of war, veiled in the captors. 16 Geo. 3. c. 5. § 3. vol. 31.

Prizes

Digitized by

Pri-

Prizes to be appraifed, and on fecurity, may be ordered by the judges to be delivered to the claimants, but in default of fecurity to be delivered to the captors, fame all, § 5.

Prizes taken from the rebellious colonies, not to be ranfomed. 17 Geo. 3. c. 7. § n. vol. 31.

Nor neutral (hips. 19 Geo. 3.^67.

§ 13. vol. 32.

T he captors may be licenfed td carry prizes into any port in America. 17 Geo. 3. c. 1. vol. 31.

Prize goods, not the growth or produce of Britifb America, taken during the continuance of 16 Geo. 3. c. 5. (fee America) brought into Great Britain, to be warehoused at the cap-tor’s expence, who is to pay the duties, and enumerated goods to pay ad valorem, but nothing for military or (hip (lores, or goods allowed to be imported duty fr^e. 18 Geo. 3. c. 15- vol. 32.

Such goods, on the payment of duties, may be exported or ufed for home confumption,and unmerchantable wines not liable to duty, fame adl, § 4*

Extended to prizes taken from the French, fubjedl to the fame duties as are payable in Great Britain and Ireland, and tea or other Eajl India goods taken and exported to Ireland', to pay the fame duty as if they had been fold at the Eajl India company’s fale. jg Geo. 3. c. 5. § 4. vol. 32.

The two laft adls extended to prizes taken from the Spaniards, and any foreign (hip taken and condemned in the King’s dominions abroad to pay duties as foreign (hips, and fo much of 19 Geo. 3. c. 5. as relates to tea and Eajl India goods taken and exported to Ireland, repealed. 20 Geo. 3. c. 9. § 3. vol. 33.

Eajl India goods condemned as prize at any out port, may be brought a

Pri	577

to London, and there fold on the fame . duties (except warehoufe rent) as if fold by the company; and prize goods in the cuftomhoufe warehoufe may be removed for exportation, on fecurity. fame act, § 4,5.

Foreign prize tobacco to pay‘the fame duties as the produce of Britijb America, and on exportation, the whole duties to be drawn back; but if condemned in the King’s dominions abroad, and afterwards imr ported into Great Britain, to produce a certificate of the condemnation. fame all, § 6,7.

Regulations as to commiflians to privateers and for (haring prizes, and as to falvage for recaptured veflels. 19 Geo. 3. c. 67. vol. 32.

Prizes by the King’s (hips to be divided as the King appoints, and by privateers according to contrafl, and the laft a<5k extended to letters of marque, &c. againft Spain, on the payment of the duties and penalties, by the laft or this, a61, to be divided between the informer and Greenwich hofpital (except where otherwifq dif-pofed of). 20 Geo. 3. c. 23. to § 6. vol. 33:

Recaptured colliers, coafting, and other veflels, of fmall value, the falvage may be fettled by agents without an adjudication in the admiralty court, fame all, § 7.

A6ls 18 Geo. 3. c. 15. 19 G/f. 3. c. 5. and 20 Geo. 3. c. 9. extended to prizes taken from the Ifutch, and declaring that fails, cordage, anchors and cables, mails, yards, bowfprits, blocks,guns, gunpowder,(hot, match, gun carriages, cartridges, and other materials thereto belonging $ and all timber and iron converted into and made fit for (hip building, or for any of the ufes and purpofes aforefaid; beef, pork, and butter falted, bjfcuit, fmall beer, peafe and oatmeal, faii-

ors’

Digitized by

Google

578	Qua

ors’ clothes, hammocks, bedding, and other apparatus and inftruments of the furgeons, and no other to be deemed military and (hip’s (lores, 21 Geo. 3. c. 5. § 1, 2. voL 33,

Eaft India goods condemned as prize at London, to be publickly fold by the captors, and the duties paid as for the like goods brought from outsorts by the lad a<51, and the purchafers of prize goods, condemned abroad, may import the fame as if they were the captors, on certificate. fame an, $ 3,4,5.

Prize tobacco exported before 20 Geo. 3. c. 9. may be re-imported on the fame duty as by that a<5t? on proving the identity thereof, fame at7, § 6, 7.

Agents for prizes abroad, who fhall after November 1, 1781, difpofe thereof, or receive any bounty bills direded to make up an account for the fame every three months, and after three years to account with Greenwich hofpital, on penalty of 100/. and double the balance in hand. Jameyear, c. 44. to § 5.

Penalty of 100/. for agents not accounting by former ads (except as to prizes condemned in Great Britain) repealed, fame at7, § 10.

To extend to all prizes taken before Novem. 1, 1781, and not diftri-buted, but not to captures condemned or fold in Great Britain. fame aft, § n, 12.



Qualification.

SE E OathMilitia, Jufiices of the Peace.

Quebec.

Declared that all the territories in North America belonging to Great Britain, in a line fouth of the bay of Chaleurs along the high lands dividing the rivers running into the river St. Lawrence, from thofe filling into the fea, to a point forty-five degrees north latitude on the eaft bank of the river Connecticut in the fame latitude, weft, through Lake Champlain to the river St. Lawrence; thence up the fame river to Lake Ontario^ and through the fame to the river Niagara, and thence along the eaft and fouth eaft bank of Lake Erie% till it is interfered by the north boundary of the province of Penfyhania9 and along the north and weft boundaries ot the fame, till it ftrikes the river Ohio; but if not fo interfered, then to the point of the bank neareft to the north weft angle of Penjylvania, and from thence along the weft boundary till it ftrikes the river Ohio5 and along the banks weft to the river MiftiJJippi, and north to the fouth boundary of the Hudforh Bay company; and alfo all territories, &c. made part of the government of Newfoundland fince February 10, 1763, are annexed to and are part of the province of Quebec ; but not to affedt the boundaries of the other colonies, or any former grants, and all former provifions made for Quebec, void. 14 Geo. 3. c. 83. to § 3. voL 30.

The inhabitants may profefs the Romijh religion, fubjedt to 1 Eliz. r. 1. and on taking the oath fpecified, . and the clergy to enjoy their dues in refpedt only to fuch as profefs that religion, and the King may make provifion for proteftant clergy, fame aft,, ^	6.

Refufing the oath, fubjedl to the penalties

Digitized by Google

57 9

penalties in x Eliz. c. i. and all civil difputes (except as to lands granted by the King) to be determined by the laws and cuftoms of Canada, but the criminal law of England is to take place* fame aft* to § 11.

The King to appoint a council of not more than twenty-three, nor lefs (ban feventeen, who may make ordinances with the confent of the governor, but not to lay taxes {except for public roads and buildings) fub-je<5t to the King’s approbation, &c. and the King may ere£t courts, criminal, civil and ecclefiaftical. fame a&fto § 17.

On importation into the province to be paid, viz.

' s.d.

For Britijb brandy or fpirits, per gallon	-	-	03

For rum frofti the Weft India colonies -	-	06

The like from other colonies of America	-	-	09

For foreign brandy or fpirits from Great Britain -	10

For rum or fpirits the produce of American colonies not under Great Britain .-10 For melafles and fyrups in (hips of Great Britain, Ire-land, or this province -	03

In other fhips -	-	06

to be paid in fterling money of Qreat Britain, for defraying the expences of adminiftering juftice and the civil government of the province, and the refidue to be difpofed of by parliament. fame year, c. 88.

Goods palling the port of St. John near the river Sprrel% or brought by inland navigation (except by the river St. Lawrence) to be entered and pay duties, and every publick houfe to pay 1 /. ibs. fterling for a licence, and the French territorial revenues to continue, fame afl, to § 6.

Vox.. XXXIII.

Rai

R.

Raifins {Great).

TO pay only the old fubfidy of 10 s. per hundred, and additional duties. 14 Geo. 3. c. 74. vol.

30.

Rice.

May be exported from North Ca-rolina the fame as by 4 Geo: 3. c. 74. from South Carolina and Georgia. 5 Geo. 3. c. 45. § 19, 20, 21. vol. 26. — Both alls continued by 9 Geo. 3. c. 27. vol. 28.

Importation of rice from America continued, fame year, c. 4.

The like from Eajl and Weft Florida to the fouthward of Cape Fini* Jlerre. 10 Geo. 3. c. 31. 11 Geo. 3. c.

39.	vol. 29.

May be imported from America duty free, but if exported again to pay bd. per pound fubfidy. 12 Geo. 3. c. 32. vol. 29.

May be imported at Briftoly Liver. poole, Lancajlery and Whitehaven, as into other ports by 5 Geo. 3, c. 45.

' 12 Geo. 3. c. 60. § 10. vol. 29.

The like, and to encourage the making of ftarch thereof. 13 Geo. 3. c. 7. vol. 30.

To pay duty on re-exportation. 14 Geo. 3. c. by. vol. 30.

Richmond, Surry.

For building a bridge over the river Thames there, and the King may grant the inheritance in fee of the ferry for that purpofe. 13 Geo. 3. r. 83. vol. 30.

Q.q	Richmond,

580	JR

Riv

Richmond, near Everton, in Lan-

Fltet prifons arc properly repaired.

fame a fly § 8.

Not to extend to New Prifon or the Mar/halfea, and till Newgate is repaired the fheriff* of Middlefex may confine prifoners in other places* fame aft, § 9,10.

cafhire.

For building a church or chapel there. 12 Geo. 3. c. 36* voL 29.

Riots.

Rivers, Navigable.

Aft 1 Gr*. i.y?. 2. r. 5. § 4. ex- The river Lea extended to Hrr/-tended to mills, engines tor draining ford town mill. 7 Geo. 3. c. 51. W. collieries and mines, and waggon 27.

ways and fences erefted by aft of Aft 24 Geo. 2. r. 19. relating to parliament. 9 Gr*. 3. c. 29. 10/. 28. the river Nar, from Lynn to TVeJiacrt Perfons afting in fuppreffing the in Norfolk^ continued. 10 Geo. 3.^27. late tumults in London, Wejlminfter vol 28.

and Southwark, indemnified. 20 Geo. The Thames embanked oppofite 3. c. 64. vu/. 33.	Durham Tardy Salijbury Street, C/«7

Prifoners on civil procefs fet at Street and Beaufort Buildings, and large during the ftid tumults, and the city of London and dean and furrendering by Septem. 1, 1780, and chapter of Wejlminfter mav try their giving notice of their place of abode, right. 11 Geo. 3. c. 34. vol. 29. and being ready to furrender them- For improving and completing the felves into cuftody when required, navigation of the Thames from London not liable to arrefts, but the plaintiff to Cricklade in Wiltjbire. fame year% c• mav proceed, fame afly § 3.	45. — Repealed as to the commiffi-

If the prifoner doth not furrender, oners, and their authority. 14 Geo. the plaintiff may deliver a declaration 3. t. 91. vol. 30. to the gaoler, &c. give notice in the For regulating the navigation of London Gazette, and proceed, but not the river Trent from Wilden Ferry to to be prejudiced for not proceed- Gainjborough in Limolnjhire. io Geo. ing till November 1, 1780. fame a fly	3. c. 67. vol. 28.

§ 4.	A branch pf the Trent made navi-

Defendants furrendering in dif- gable from Upper Wear in the pari(h charge of bail, and not committed of Jlvcrham in Nottinghamshire, to the for want of a place of confinement, Crankleys in the parifh of South Mufk-or having given fpecial bail, may ham. 13 Geo. 3. c. 86. vol. 30. come before a judge and be commit- The river Soar from the Trent ted, and the bail difeharged, and if near Loughborough made navigable, the defendant comply with the above, and canals from the Soar to the the plaintiff or creditor may proceed; Rushes and Hermitage Poole at Lough-but the marfhal and warden not an- borough. 6 Geo. 3. e. 94. vol. 27. fwerable for efcapes, till the prifons River Ure the like from the jun-are repaired, fame afly § 6,7.	ftion with the Swale to Ripon in York

Prifoners to furrender on notice in Jhire. 7 GeOi 3. c. 93. vol. 27. the London Gazette by the fecretary River OuZe the like from Widding~ of ftate, that the King's Bench and ton Ings at or near Linton, to the

jun-

Digitized by

Google

Rh

jtfndtion of the Swale and XJre; and alfo the Swale from the fame junction to Morton Bridge, and the brook running from Bedale into the Swale. fame year, c. 96.

A brook, called Codbeck, made navigable from the river Sum/* to the borough of Tbirjk in Yortjbire. yiw r. 95.

River iZz/i7 and Frodingbam Beck the like from ytffr Ztoi mouth to the Clough on the eaft corner of Fijholme, find from the Taid Clough into or near the town of Great Driffield in the eaft riding of Yorkjbire. fame year, c. 97-

River Ancholme the like from the river Humber at Ferraby Sluice in Lin-colnjbirej to the town of Glamford Briggs, and from thence to Bijhop Briggs, fame year, c. 98*

To explain, &c. a private adl of 16 & 17 Car. 2. Afo. 12. for making divers navigable, fo far as relates to the river Itching running from Alresford through Winchefter to the fea near Southampton. fame ytar, c. 87,

To extend the river Calder to Salter Hebble Bridge and to Sowerby Bridge in Yorkjbire. 9 Geo. 3. c. 71. vol. 28.

The river Bure, called Afor/A R/-t//r, made navigable from Coltijhall to Ayljham Bridge in Norfolk. 12 Geo. 3. c. 27. vol. 29.

ror amending the adl 23 Geo. 2. c 12. as to the river Loyne, alias and for building a quay at Lancajler. famtytar, r. 81.

A6t 11 Gr*. 2. r* 45. as to the river Thames^amendedy and no towing paths, &c. through gardens, orchards, yards, parks, paddocks, inclofed lawns, or planted avenues, without the con-fent of the owner, and the committee may fix the price of carriage and hire of horfes, and taking more, penalty 20/• and no vcflel to moor in Tap-

Riti	5#r

low mill ftream. 14 Geo. 3. c. 91. vol.

3°-

On the river Thames veflcls to draw three feet of water, from May 1, to November 1, and three feet eight inches the reft of the year; and to have metal marks inftead of white lines, and when the w?ter is above the high mark, the gates to be opened, and no lock owner to be a com-miftioner. 15 Geo. 3. c. is. vol.

3r-

Adi 3 Geo. 2. c. 13. amended, and the river Stroudwater made navigable from Framiload to Wallbridge. 16 Geo.

3. c. 21. vol. 31;

The like of the river Soar from the Trent to Bijhop's Meadow in Ga-renton in Leicejltfjhire, and a canal from the fame to the Rujbes at Loughborough. fame year, c• 65.

The city of London may purchafe the tolls for navigating the Thames weftward from London Bridge in their liberty, and in lieu thereof to take

s. d.

To Strand on the green, or

Brentford, per ton	- o o£

To IJleworth or Richmond o I To Twickenham or Tedding-ton	-	- o

To Kingjlon or Hamptontuick o 2 To Ditton, Hampton Court,

Moulfeyy or Hampton,

Town -	-	o 2f

To Sunburyy Walton^ Haw-ford% Shepperton, or iVey-bridge -	-	03

T o Chert fey or Laleham o 3^

And to Stains and upwards o 4

Nothing for veflels under three tons or pleafure boats, and may borrow • 15,000/. on the tolls, on annuities for lives of 45 at 8 per cent, and of 60 at 10 per cent. 17 Geo. 3. c. 18. vol.

31-

«

Qq 2	Additional

Digitized by

r

Rug

Additional tolls for navigating the river Lea> viz,

s. </.

Malt per ton, at King's Wier i 3 At Newman's Wier - on At Bridge or below o 5 Between Bromley and the Thames -	-	02

Flour% per ton, at	Wier

' and Newman's Wier o 4* At Za* Bridge or below o 3 Coals per chaldron, at Newman's Wier -	-06

At />£ Bridge or below o 7 Other goods per ton, at King's Wier and Newman's Wter -	-06

At Lea Bridge - o 3 At Bromley Lock, See. -02 Pleafure boats at Bromley Lock 1 o Empty boats unladen, not having paid -	-	50

19 Geo. 3. c. 58. vol. 32.

For improving the navigation of the river Bourn Ban, from ZtoHra to the river Glen at the Tongue's End in Lincolnjbire. 21 Geo. 3, r. 22. w/.

33-

For continuing and making more effe&ual feveral ads for making navigable the channel from the Hythe at Colchejler to Wivenhoe. fame year,

r. 30.

Forappointing new commiflioners to carry on the navigation of the river Stower in EJ/ex, according to 4 & 5 An. c. 15. /amr yrar, r. 75,

Ruf

fenti) forfeited. 5 Geo. 3. r. 43. § 28» 29. vol.,26.

See Brandy, and other Spirits•

Rjcffian Linen and Diaper.

On importation to pay

/. i. £

If exceeding 31* inchet,

* and under 45 inches broad, for every 120 Englijb'ells -	600

If above 45 inches broad 10 0 o

and fo in proportion, and if liable to other duties, to pay according to the old fubftdy, and not on the oath of the importer. 5 Geo. 3. c. 43. $ 8,9, 10. vol. 26.

If above 22? inches broad, and under 31J-, to pay the old fubfidy at j the rate of 4/. for every 120 EntfijI ells. 6 Gtt. 3. c. 13. w/. 27.

s.

Sail Cloth.

AC T 9 Geo. 2. r. 37. continued.

12 Geo. 3. r. 56. tw/. 29. iS Gr*. 3. c. 45. vol. 32.

Ads 12 An. ft. 1. r. 16. and 19 Geo. 2. c. 27. continued. 8 Geo. 3. r. 23* vol. 28. 14 Geo. 3. c. 80. vol. 30.

School.

The truftees enabled to fell or let the eftates. 17 Geo. 3. c. 71. tw/. 31.

Rum imported in cafks under 60 gallons (except for the ufe of feamen, or from Britijb colonies, or for pce-

Salt.

Officers guilty of frauds, not only to forfeit the penalty of their bonds, but alfo double the value, and 101. per bulhel. 5 Geo. 3. 0. 43. § 4c.

vol. 26.

Salt (hipped for the liflieries, not to be landed, but in the pretence ot

an

Digitized by (^.ooQle

offtcer, on forfeiture thereof, and alfo ior. per bufnel, and 20/. by every perfon concerned therein, and the like for obftrudting officer! on duty, fame aft, § 41, 42.

Salt or fifh feized for nonpayment of duties, &c.. Onus probandi on the owner, fame afty § 44.

If fait or fifh liable to forfeiture, the package, carriages, and cattle alfo forfeited, fame afty § 45.

Foul fait at the works now liable to 31. 4 d. per bufhel of 56 pounds, to pay only 4 d. per bufhel, on con? dition of being ufed for manure, or> penalty of 60/. 8 Geo. 3. c. 25. vol. 28.

Adt 4 Geo. 3. c. 19. as to importing fait to Quebec, continued, 13 Geo. 3. c. 69 fyol. 30. 20 Geo. 3, c, 19. voK

33-

Salt provifions allowed to be imported to Ireland by $ Geo. 3. c. 1. (fzt Ireland) extended to Britifh America by 8 Geo. 3. c. 9. Continued by 14 Qeo. 3. c. 9. vol. 30. — Sec America.

Additional duties on fait, viz.

r. d%

foreign fait imported, per

gallon	-	-	p	2£

Rock or other fait made in England or Walesy pef gallon	-	-	0

In Scotland, per bufhel -	03

Brought from Scotland to England or Walesy per bufhel	-	-	07

20	Geo. 3. c. 34. vol. 33.

No drawback on exportation to the IJle of Man till landed there, and the exporter thither to be allowed 4 bufhels in 40 of white fait, and 2 in

4.0	of rock fait, and the debentures Jot no more than is (hipped, though the certificate and allowance for wafte amount to more, fame afty § 3,4.

On proof of fait being funk or taken by the enemy, the duty to be returned, but no drawback without

Sav	5*3

entry in fome port of tho ifland, fame afty § 7, 8. -

S^lts ufed in curing pilchard*. — Sec fijb and Fijherieu

Savoy.

The King’s title thereto may bt profecuted for two years. 9 Geo, 3, c. 16. vol. 28.

Enlarged for two years n\ore, but not to affedfc other claimants under the crown. 11 Geo. 3. c. 3. vol. 29.

The high German church and tho low German church, and the churchy yards an^ burying grounds thereto belonging, and the buildiqgs ufed as barracks, and two houfes in the Friary ufed by the officers, to be under the furvey of the exchequer, and the reft of the precindt of the Savoy under the duchy of Lantajler. 11 Geo. 3. c. 42. vol. 29.

Scotland.

7	& 8 TV. 3. c. 30. (fee Excife) extended to brewers, innkeepers, and victuallers, in Scotland. 5 Geo. 3. c.

43.	§ 23. vol. 26.

I Ad 8 & 9 IV. 3. c. 19. (fee Excife) extended to common brewers in Scotland. Jame aft, § 24.

Judges falaries in Scotland augmented. fame year, c. 47. §11.	•

Notes in Scotland (except poft bills gt feven days fight) to be only payable on demand, on penalty 01 500/. nor for let than 20 s. ftcrling. fame

year, c. 49.

Adt 4 Geo> 1. c. 11. touching the tranfportation of felons, extended to Scotland, and penalties for making muirburn between the laft of March and the firft of November. 6 Geo. 3. c. 32. vol. 27. —- Repealed by 13 Geo.3. c. 54. vol. 30.

New duty on houfes and windows O.q'3	by

Digitized by

Google



584	Sco

by 6 Geo. 3. c. 38. extended to &*/-

7 G*7. 3. r. 33. w/, 27.

An additional allowance of 100/. per ann. granted to the receiver general of the duties on offices in Scot-land. 9	3.	f.	41.	§ 7. vol. 28.

For giving power to let leafes of entailed eftates in Scotland. 10 Geo. 3. c.$i.vol. 28.

5000 quarters of bigg may be exported annually from the ifle of Ori-ney to Portugal without bounty. 11 Geo. 3. c. 51. vol 29.

For widening the highways in Scotland. fame year, r. 53.

For lighting, &c. the ftreets, &c. of the burgh of Canongate9 and the liberties of Pleafanci and Leith Wynd adjoining to the royalty of the city of Edinburgh. 12 Geo. 3. c. 15. vol. 29.

For deepening the harbour of port Glafgowt Sic. fame year, c. 16.

, For deepening the harbour of Ayr. fame year, c. 22.

For regulating carters, carriages, and loaded, horles, and ftreets and highways, &c. in Scotland, fame year,

5*

or rendering the payment of in-folvents’ debts more expeditious, and for regulating arreftments and poinding, &c. fame year, c. 72. 20 Geo. 3.

€. 41. VOL 33.

For preferving the game, &c. in Sfotland, preventing muirburn 24 Gee.

2.	c. 34. 1 (j*0. 3. c. 21. and 6 Geo.

3.	r. 32. are repealed. 13 Gr*. 3. c.

54.	w/. 30.

For deepening the harbour of Aberdeen. fame year, r. 29.

Criminals cfcaping from England to Scotland, or the contrary, may be apprehended and returned at the ex-pence of the place where committed, and felons and receivers of ftolen goods in either part of the united Kingdoms, may be puniftied in the* other, fame yeat, c. 34.

Sco

Tor a navigable canal from the river Forth in the mouth of the river Carron to the river Clyde at Dalmuir Bumfoot9 and a collateral cut to Glaf~ gow9 and a communication from the harbour of Burrowftounnefs to join the fame at the falFinto the firth of Forth. 8 Geo. 3. c. 63. vol. 28. 11 Geo. 3. c. 62. vol. 29. 13 Geo. 3. 104. vol. 30.

Adt 32 Geo. 2. c. 62. for navigation of the river Clyde to Glafgow9 amended, and a bridge to be built acrofs the faid river from the faid city to Gor~ bells, jo Geo. 3. c. 104. vol. 28.

For a bridge over the river Clyde at Hamilton, fame year, c. 93.

The dukes of Buccleugh and Queenf-berry9 earl of Dumfries, and others* diredtors of the bank of Ayr9 to give bonds of 50/. each for the amount of the annuities granted by them, and a premium of 480,^00/. with intereft at 5 per cent, being 24,000/. per ann. and to fettle unentailed eftates of 32,000 /. per ann. for fecur-ing the payment thereof, as in the adt mentioned. 14 Geo. 3. c. 21. vol.

3°-

For continuing the duty of 2 d. Scots by 22 Geo. 2. c. 13. on ale brewed at Kinghorn. fame year, c. 28.

For repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Fife, fame year9 c. 31.

To enable the bank of Scotland to increafe their capital ftock to 100000/. fterling, or 1,200,000/. Scots, fame year, c. 32.

The mode of afcertainiog the price of vidlual in Scotland by 14 Geo. 2. c. 7. to ceafe, and the (heriflf four times a vear to examine and fix the prices of corn, &c. and tranfmit the fame to the colledtors of the cuftoms, and if patmeal under 16 s. per boll, at eight ftone troy, not to be imported on forfeiture, with the (hip, Sic. but

Digitized by

Sco

if at or *bove tpay be imported. 13 Geo. 3. c. 43. vol. 30.

Adt 25 Geo. 2. c. 41. for annexihg forfeited eftates in Scotland to the crown, altered as to granting leafet thereof of above 2p/. per ann. value. 14 Gw. 2. r. 65. t;*/. 30.

Adt 10 Geo. 2. e. 11. for regulating elections of members of parliament in Scotland, altered, fame year, r. Si.

Colliers, coalbearers, and falters to be hired as other fervants. 15 Geo. 3. c. 28. vol. 31.

Adts of June 28, 1633, and June 15, 1693, as to the Macgreggorj, re-pealidy and the adt of April 26, 1661, revived. fame yeqry c. 29.

A& 22 Gw. 2. r. 10. as to the duty on ale in Anjlruther Eafter continued for 25 years, fame year, c. 48.

For extending the duty of 2d. Scots on ale in port Glofgow to the town of Newark^ and paving, &c, both towns, fame yeap9 c. 60.

For repairing the highways and bridges in the (hire gf Ar^yU. fapie yeary c. 63.

For enlarging th$ former adts as to the duty on ale in the town of Dundee. 16 Geo. 3. c. 16. vol. 31.

All natural born fubjedts may in-i herit in Scotland as heirs, though the ancertor through whom they claim was an alien, but the claimer muft be in being, and capable of taking at the death of the' perfon laft feized $ and if the perfon on whom the de-fcent caft, be a daughter of an alien, and a fon be born after, (he to be diverted in favour of fuch fon; and if a daughter born after, they (hall be coparceners, fame year, c. 52.

Adis 6 Geo. 1. and 20 Geo. 2. as to the duty on ale irv the town of Burn-tijland, continued. 17 Geo. 3. c. 20. W- 3*-

For repairing highways and bridges

Sea	585

in the county of Wigtown. 18 Geo. 3. c. 7. vol. 32.

Regulations with refpedl to officers ferving in thd corps of fenfible men in Scotland, fame year, c. 59. 19 Geo. 3. c. 72. § 17, 18. vol. 32.

For repairing highways and bridges in the county of Stirling. 18 Geo. 3. e. 69. vol. 32.

To enable Heflor Munro to make an harbour and build a pier at Find-horn, in the counties of Elgin and Forres, fame year, cf 70.

For repairing highways and bridges in the county of Linlithgow and Bathgate. 19 Geo. 3. c. 12. vol. 32.

Minirters to pay rates, &c. for a fund for the widows and children of minirters of the church of Scotland, and of thofe of the heads of colleges, &c. in Sr* Andrewr, Glafgow, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen, and adl 17 Gw.

2.	r. 11. repealed, fame year, r. 20. Martinmas term in the exchequer

in Scotland to begin yearly on Afov. 24, and end 2)w. 20, and Candlemas term to begin Jimt. 15, and end Feb.

3.	yiwr ywr, c. 3JB.

Adt 32 Geo. 2. for the duty on ale in the town of Kelfo, and for fmifh** ing a bridge acrols the river Tweed, continued. 20 Gw. 3. r. 11. w/. 33.

For converting the rtatute labour in the ftpw^rtry of Kirkcudbright into money, for repairing the highways, &c. there, fame year, c. 24.

See Edinburgh,

Seamen.

The treafurer and other officers of the navy, may grant warrants as ju-ftices to apprehend perfons charged with forging, &c. Teaman’s tickets, wills, &c. 9 Geo. 3. r. 30. § 5. vol. •28.

See Navy.

Q^4	Mer-

by Google

j86	iSep

. Merchants’ (hips may be navigated by three fourths foreign feamen till a certain time, but not to retrain the proclamation by 13.Geo. 2. e. 3.

•— 11 Geje. 3. c. 3. vol. 29* 16 Geo* 3. c. 20. vol. 31. 17 Geo. 3. c. 34. 18 Geo. 3. i. 6. vol 32. 19 G^. 3. c. 14. 20 G<*. 3. r. u. W. 33. Geo. 3. r. 11. 10/. 33.

Claufe m 6 An. c. 37. § 37. exempting feamen in America from being pretfed, repealed. 15 Geo. 3. r. 31, §19. vol. 31. .

For the encouragement of feamen, and fpeedy manning of the navy. 19 Geo. 3. V. 67. voL 32. 20	3.	c.

aj.	21 Gf*. 3- r. 15. w/. 33.

See Prizes.

A6U 2 & 3 An. e. 6. § 20. 13 Geo*

2.	r. 17. 2 G/0. 3. r. 15. and i j G^

3.	c. 38. % 19. lor granting protections againft preffing, fufpended for five months, and as to the coal trade for one month, and none to be fued for imprefling in that time. 19 Geo. 3. e. 75. vol. 32.

Foreign feamen ferving two years aboard Britrjb (hips during the late war, or of the prefent hoftilities, to be deemed natural born fubje&s. 20 Geo. 3. c. 20. § 3. vol. 33.

Sepulchre, (St.) London.

Tor relief of the poor, and paving the ftreets, &c. 12 Geo. 3. c. bo. vol.

29.

Servants.

An annual duty of 21 s. to be paid by matters for e^ch male fervant, viz. ma.tre d* hotel, houfefteward, matter of the horfe, groom of the chamber, valet de chambre, butler, under butler, clerk of the kitchen, confectioner, cook, houfe porter, footman, running

Str

footman, coachman, groom, poftil- * lion, liable boy, helper, gardener, (not being a day labourer) parkkeep-er, gamekeeper, huntfman, whipper-in ; but not fervants employed only In bufbandry, manufactures or trade, whereby the matter earns a livelihood or profit. 17 Geo. 3. c. 39. § 1, 2. vol. 31.

The duty for coachmen, &c. on jobs to be paid by the employer, and the duty to be paid for apprentices, unlefs thofe put out by the parlfh, but butlers, cooks, &c. of univerfi-ties. fervants of the royal family, and of hofpitals, exempted, fame a£ty §

3, to 6.	1

' To be aflefled and colleClcd in-Scotland, the fame as the duty on houfes by 26 Geo. 2. c. 17. and to be paid half yearly. 18 Geo. 3, c, 30. vol.

32.

No afleflment to be impeached for miftake in fervantVname, and matters having feveral refuiences, to return lifts of thofe they mean to pay for at each place, ana if the lifts differ, penalty 40/. 19 Geo. 3. c. 59. $ 16. vol. 32.

From May 21, 1781, thefe aCls tp ceafe, and the duty to be levied by the laws of excife, and matters to give lifts to the excife office, and to pay the duty there, and if a matter has feveral refidences to give duplicates, on penalty of 20/. and it any fervant is omitted, to pay double.

21	Geo. 3. c. 31. to § 9. vol. 33.

Matters delivering lifts, and paying before information, not liable to pro-fecution ; and profecutions in the limits of the excife office in London to be before the commiffioners, and in other parts before juftices of the peace, fame afty% 10,12.

S ha dwell\

Digitized by Google

$ba

/

Shadwell, St• PauPs.

For employing the poor there, io

GV*. 3, r. 66, votzS*

Sheep.

No rams to be kept in the common fields between the 25th of Au~ gujl and the 25th of November. 13 Geo. 3. e. 8*. § 21. vol. 30.

Sheriffs.

Not to take poundage on executions at the fuit of any Iheriffor other officer, or minifter or the crown, on bail bonds, on profecutions for fmug-gling, or where the (heriff would not dc intitled to poundage if the proceedings were in the name of the King. 7 Geo. 3. c. 29. vol. 27,

Ships.

Aft 10 An. c. 17. § 21,22. repealed, and (hips (not belonging to the royal navyj (lopping at or fattening to the King^s moorings or hulks, or fo as to bear againft the King’s (hips, un-lefs necelfitated, to forfeit ic /. per tide, one moiety to Greenwich hofpi-tal, the other to the profecutor, and may be removed, if not complying on notice. 9 Geo. 3. c. 39. vol. 28.

No foreigner to purchafe any (hare in Britijb (hips without the content of the owners of three fourths in value. 13 Geo. 3. c. 26. vol. 30.

Rule for afeertaining the tonnage of (hips, viz. length in a ftraight line along the rabbet of the keel, from the back of the main fternpoft to a perpendicular line from the fore part of the main tternpoft under the bow-fprit, from whic^h fubftraft three fifths of the breadth, the remainder is the

Shi587

length of the keel, to find the ton-page j and the breadth from the out-fide plank, in the broadett place of the (hip, above or below the main whales, exclufive of all doubling planks wrought on the Tides of the (hip, multiplying the length of the keel by the breadth fo taken, and that produft by half the breadth, and dividing the whole by 94, the quotient is the true contents of the ton-* nage. Jame year, c. 74. § 1.

Not to extend to coal (hips, or thofe employed in the herring fifhery# fame aft, § 2.

If any (hip fail through the paffage by fea between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, northward of 52 degrees of north latitude, the commander, &c. is to receive 20,000/. 16 Geo. 3. u 6. § 1. vol. 31.

Any Britijb (hip firft approaching within one degree of the north pole, to have 5000/. the commiflioners of longitude to determine it, and the rewards to be claimed in fix months after the (hip's arrival in Great Bri-tain, fame aft, §.3.

See Longitude.

The foie making of tools for ftiip'i blocks, (heaves and pins, fecured to Elizabeth Taylor, of Southampton, widow. fame year, c. 18.

Aft 12 Car. 2. c. 18. § 8, 9. (during the prefent hoftilities with France) not to prevent the importation of goods mentioned in the aft in (hips the property of foreigners, if built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Britijb dominions, and the matter and three fourths of the mariners are to be Bri-tijh, or the goods from the place of production, but liable to alien duties, and Thips already arrived are within the aft. 19 Geo. 3. c. 28. vol. 32.

The navigation aft not to extend to the permilfion of goods the growth

of

Digitized by ^.ooQle

Sbo

588	Sbo

of Africa, Afia* or America, manufactured in foreign parts, to be imported into Great Britain, Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey* Jerfey* or Man; unlefs manufactured where grown, or can only be firft (hipped (except oils of cloves, cinnamon, mace, and nutmegs, or goods under particular circumftances under other alls). fame year, c. 48. § 1, 2.

No (hip in the port of London from foreign parts to be removed out of the ttream (except to lawful quays) before the goods are difeharged, nor if outward bound (except on emergent occafions) without notice to the officer of the cuftoms, on penalty of 10o/. fame aft, § 3.

Officers may ule lighted candles in lanthorns, guarded as direCled aboard fhips, in the harbour of Kingjlon upon Hull, without being fubjeCt to the penalty by 14 Geo. 3. V. 56. —* fame

§ 4.

S?e Harbours.

Ships arriving fince the 25th of Marcb% 1779, or during the prefent hoftilities, may be entered on payment of Briiijb duties, and if feized to be delivered up on payment thereT of. 20 Geo. 3. c. 20. voi 33.

Shoreham.

For incapacitating John Burnett, and 67 others, members of the chriftian fociety, for voting for members of parliament for New Shoreham, and vetting that right in the freeholders of the rape of Bramber, aged 21 years, and pofleffing forty (hillings perann. together with the others having right to vote for the faid borough (except the above), n Geo. 3. c. 60. voi. 29.

Shoreditch* St. Leonard.

For the relief of the poor, and building a workhoufe, and purchaf-ing a burying ground. 14 Geo. 3. c. 29. voi. 30. 13 Geo. 3. c. 3$. voi 31,

Silk.

former duties on the importation of raw fi!k to ceafe, and to pay 1 /. 3 d. per pound of 24 ounces, and thrown filk 6 d. per pound of 16 ounces, addition, and a'drawback of 1 s. per pound on raw filk, and the whole duty on thrown (ilk exported to Ireland^ and not to be exported from thence, on forfeiture of th$ (hip, See. 5 Geo. 3. c. 29- voi 26.

5	/. per cent, on wrought filks and fluffs imported from Pirfta, China* and India, fame year* c. 35. § 2.

Foreign manufactured filk (lockings, mit$ and gloves imported, may be feized, and the importer and vender to forfeit the goods, and alfo 200/. with cods, fame year* c. 48.

§

After condemnation may be pub-lickly fold for exportation to foreign parts, on fecurity fo to do, and if a doubt as to the place of manufacture, the proof to lie on the defendant, and the perfon in whofe cuttody the goods are found, on dilcovering the feller, excufed the penalty j and the wearer hereof, not liable to penalty. fame ally § 3, to 10.

Penalty in 3 Geo. 3. c. %i. for importing foreign ribbands, laces, and girdles, increafed to 200/. with cofts, and not to be burnt, but publicity fold for exportation to foreign parts, on fecurity as above, and if officer negleCts to fue for the penalty, one month after condemnation, any other u	may

Digitized by k^ooQle

5/7

way recover the fame, fame at7, § 11,13,14.

Foreign wrought filks or velvets imported, forfeited, and alfo 100/. with cods, and to be fold as above; but not to extend to filks and velvets made and imported from the Eaft In-dies9 or to filk crapes and tiffanies made in Italy. 6 Geo. 3. c. 28. vol. 27. 17 Geo. 3. r.35. vol. 31.

A Cl 12 Geo. 1. r. 34. relating to workmen; &c. (fee Woollens) extended to workmen in the filk manufactures, and breaking or entering by force, by day or night, any houfe or (hop with intent to cut or deftroy any velvet, wrought filk, or filk mixed with other materials, in loom or warp, or fhute, or tools, tackle, or utenfils, or (hall do fo without the confent of the owner, felony without benefit of clergy. 6 Geo. 3. c. 28. vol'. 27. 11 Geo. 3. c. 49. vol. 29. 17 Geo. 3. c. 25. vol. 31.

Silk goods, &c. to be exported to Africa^ may be removed from one port in Great Britain to another, on fecurity, &c. 6 Geo. 3. c. 40. § 6, 7. vol. 27.

So much of 8 Geo. 1. c. 15. as relates to the encouraging the filk manufactures, continued, fame year, c. 44. § 2. 14 Geo. 3. c. 86. § 3. vol. 30.

* An additional duty of 17 s. 6 d. per pound on Italian filk crapes and tiffanies imported, and one half drawn back on exportation. 6 Geo. 3. c. 46. § 3,4. vol. 27.

Ribbands and filks, printed, flamed, or painted, though not half a yard broad, to pay the duty on filks according to 10 An. c. 19. § 69. 7 Geo. 3. c. 47. § 6. vol. 27.

Raw filk and mohair yarn imported from the Streights ox, Levant to be deenrted as if imported from the grand feignior’* dominions, and aired ac-

Ski	589

cording to 26 Geo. 2. c. 18. 11 Geo. 3. c. 41. § 4. vol 29.

The wages of filk manufacturers to be fettled, in Loudon by the lord mayor, recorder and aldermen, in Middlefex by the juftices, and in Wejl-minjler and the Tower Hamlets by the general quarter feflions, and their orders to be publiihed in two newf-papers 3 times, at the expence of the perfons applying, and giving or taking more or lefs wages than allowed thereby, to forfeit, mailers 50 /. and journeymen 40 s. 13 Geo. 3. c. 68. § 1,2, 3. vol. 30.

Juitices, &c. may fummon wit-nefies, and commit them for not attending, and mailers employing men out of the limits to dude the aCl, to forfeit 50 /. but not to extend to the wages of foremen, and no filk weaver to have more than two apprentices at a time, op penalty of 20/. fame a£l^

S s» 7.

Organzined thrown filk of the growth of Italy, may be imported, but not coarfer than third bolonia and tram of Italy> nor thrown filk of the growth or produce of Turkey, Perfia, Eajl India, or Cbina% and all organzined thrown filk imported by this aCl, to be brought to the cuflom-houfe in London. 19 Geo. 3. c. 9. vol.

32.	20 Geo. 3. c. 4. 21 Geo. 3. c. 6. vol. 33.

Skins.

Skins and raw hides may be imported from Ireland and America, duty free, (except of horfes) and the duty on feal (kins, tanned or tawed in the kingdom to pay 1 \d. per pound ex-cife, 1 d. per pound to be drawn back on exportation. 9 Geo. 3. c. 39. vol. 28. 14 Geo. 3. c. 86. vol. 30. 21 Geo. 3. c. 29. voL 33.



Digitized by kjOOQle

59<>	Ski

Seal (kins caught by Britijb (ub« jc6ts, may be imported duty free. 15 Geo. 3-	3*- S JO. v*A 31.

Raw goat (kins may be imported doty free. Jams ytar* c. 35. 20 Geo. 3. e. 19. vol. 33.

Skiptin York/hire.

The earl of Tbanet may make a navigable canal from Skipton C a Jilt to join that from Leeds to Liverpool* in Htbbh End clofe, which clofe the truftees of the grammar fchool at Skipton may fell to the faid earl for that purpofe. 13 Ge*> 3. e. 47. vol.

30.

Smelts.

From June 24, 1782, blue, called finalts, may be imported duty free, during the continuance of 29 Geo. 2. 4.15. ic Geo. 3. r. 38. and 19 Gra. 3. A 27. and an Jrijb a<ft of 20	3.

21 Geo. 3. r. 40. vol. 33.

Soldiers.

For recruiting the land forces and marines. 18 Geo. 3. r. 53. w/. 32.

Repealed, and a levy otable bodied men throughout Great Britain by ju-ftices of the peace, magiftrates, and commiffioners of the land tax, fub-ftituted. 19 Geo. 3. c. 10. w/. 32.

Continued as to volunteers. 20 Geo. 3. r. 37. vol. 33.

Several provifions recited from xo An. e. 19. and 11 Geo. 1. c. 30. relating to the making of fope, repealed, and one pound in ten allowed for watte, and other regulations made to prevent frauds. 5 Geo. 3. r.43. § 14, tfi 19. vol. 26,

Officer impowered, with a fpecial warrant, to fearch fufpe&ed places for fope or candles, privately made or concealed, not having paid the duty, and the owners to forfeit 100/. jam all, § 20.

Makers of hard (ope opening the copper. See. after being locked and feaJed by the execife officer, to forfeit 100/. 12 Geo. 3. c. 46. § 7. voL 29.

None reading in the limits of the excifc office in Londotty to make fope unlefs they rent 10 /. per. arm. and pay pariffi rates, nor in other parts of the kingdom, unlefs they pay to church and poor. 17 Geo. 3. c. 52. § j. vol. 31.

"■ A<tt 10An.c. 19. §qyStii.repea/edy and fopemakers to make entries weekly, and to pay the duty in a week after or forfeit double the value of the fope made, but not obliged to go further than the next market town, fame ally § 3, to 5.

The furnace door of the copper to be fattened by the officer, and the maker'to pay for the locks, and re-fufing or obftru<Sing the officer, ta forfeit 50 A fame § 6, 7.

Makers to give notice of the opening of coppers, &c. twelve hours in the limits of the excife office in Leu-dotty and twenty-four hours without, and the furveyor may examine the popper, See. any time between five in the morning and eleven at night, and obftrudiing the officer to forfeit 100A and for a private conveyance from the copper to forfeit 200/. fame ally to § 10.

Officer in the day time (with a peace officer) may break the ground to fearch for private conveyances, and if none are found, to make good the damage, but makers may ufe pipe? above ground, fame ally to § 13.

Coppers, See. to be cleanfed every

lunar

Digitized by L^ooQle

Sou

unar month, on three day*$ notice, and the officer to examine the fame, dnd if any hole is found, not known before, the maker liable to a penalty for concealing, &c. unlefs by accident fince the iaft furvey, and notice given thereof, and negledting to cleanfe the copper, or to give notice, or obftrudling officer, to forfeit 50 L Jameafl, §15.

Southampton.

For regulating the poor and repairing the highways there. 13 Gei*

3. c. 50. vol. 30.

Southwark.

For a new workhoufe in the parifh of St. Saviour, and for opening feve-ral new ftreets in Southwark. i+Gio> 3. r. 75. vol. 30.

Stamps.

s. d.

Additional ftamps on policies of infurance in the bills of mortality -	0	2

In other parts of Great

Britain -	-	2	6

And alfo fubjedt to the duty of bd. by 12 Ani c. 9. and 1 s. by 30 Geo. 2. €. 19. 5 Geo. 3. c. 35. § 10. vol. 26.

Entry of admiflion to freedom in any company or corporation 2 s. in-ftead of 1 s. by 5 & 6 fV. Sc M. c. 21. § 3. and 1 s. by o & 10 IV. 3. c. 25. § 27. Z&w/y/ar, r. 46. § 2.

If the property of more than one perfon is infured for above 100/. in one policy, void ; or if any additional aflurance'not damped, but any number may be infured by one policy with five ftamps at 5 s. each, fame a£1,-% 3,4.

The allowance of	on

Sta 59 r

prompt payment of ftamp duties reduced to 4 /. per cent. from July 5, 1765. fome'atl, § 5,6.

Stewards of copyhold court to demand the damp duty with their own fees, or to forfeit 100 /. fame % 7*

No ftamps to be delivered out foe pamphlets or newfpapers till fecurrty is given for the duty on advertife-menrs. Jatnt att, § 10.

For regulating card makers and apprentices* indentures, &c. fame a&t to § 19.

Alehoufe keepers to (hew their licences and clerks of the peace, &c. their books and papers, See. tending to fecure (lamp duties on forfeiture, the former 40 s. and the latter 5 L fame afiy § 20, Sc 21.

Sec Ale and Alehoufes.

Stamps fpoiled, and not paid for by the perfon ufing them, to be changed, and counterfeiting ftamps felony without benefit of clergy. fame a£i^ § 39, 40. 17 Geo. 3. c. 50.

§ 25. vol. 31. 19 Geo. 3. c. 66. § 8* vol. 32. 20 Geo.3. c. 56. § 9, vol.

33-	'	,	.

I. s. d.

Admiflion into the inns of court -	-	400

To the degree of a bariftcr

at law -	-	boo

As an addition to raife the judges’ falaries. 5 Geo. 3. c. 35. voL 26.

Policies of aflurance on feveral perrons’ properties under 1000/.

5, d.

In one policy -	-	50

To an higher amount 10 o

And any additional infurance by the original policy not (tamped, void, and the proof of the value of the infurance to lie on the defendant. 7 Get. %. i. 44. fc $ 7.voL *7.

Allowance,

v

> Digitized by v^ooQle

St a

592	Sta

Allowance of 61 per cent, fot prompt payment of the duty on ale licences reduced to 4/. per cent. from Juguji i, 1767. fame afty § 7.

Infurances for upwards of 1000/. to have two 5 s. (lamps, and any further rifque for which a premium is given, to be alfo (lamped, or void, and proof of the value infured to lie on the defendant. 8 Geo. 7. c. 25. vol. 28.

Writing all or part of any writ,mandate, bond, affidavit, or other writing, on vellum, parchment, or pdper, whereon any other writing, fubjedt to the (lamp duty, had been inferted before, or erafing, or feraping out fuch, or caufing the fame to be done, or taking off the (lamp marks, or outfide paper of playing cards, with intent to ufe the fame again, felony, and to be tranfported for feven years, and breaking prifon or returning before the expiration of the time, death; and the difeoverer of others, on convidlion of the offender to be pardoned. 12 Geo. 3. c. 48. vol. 29.

Stamp duties on newfp»pers by 11 Geo. 1. c. 8. and 30 Geo. 2.c. 19. extended to every (heet of fuch papers, whether a greater or lefs number of (heets or half fheets. 13 Geo. 3. c. 65. vol. 30.

Licences to keep madhoufes to pay each 5 /. 14 Geo. 3. c. 49. vol. 30.

i. d.

All deeds, &c. charged with I s. addition by 30 Geo.

2.	c. 19. to pay more 1 o

Playing cards per pack more o 6

Dice per pair more -	26

Newfpapers, per (heet or

half (heet, the like	o	oi

16	Geo. 3. c. 34. vol. 31.

All deeds, &c. charged with I s. addition by 16 Geo.

3.	c. 34. to pay more 1	6

Surrenders of grants or of-

s. i.

(ices or deeds inrolled, more, -	2	6

fcollicies of affurance for above 1000/. more	5	o

Copyhold furrenders and admittances (except original furrenders to the ufe of wills and court rolls and books) more	2	3

Surrenders and admittances of cullomary edafes	4	6

Surrenders to fuperiors in Scotland addition -	16

Retour of fervices or clare conflat. charters of refig-nation, confirmation, novo damuSy original feizin on mortgage,original indru-ment, &c. of burgage tenure, each -	-	10

17	Geo. 3* c. 50. vol. 31.

Any perfon figning a policy of affurance before (tamped, to forfeit 10/. and each undamped policy to pay 5/. .befides the damp duty, or not available, nor to be given in evidence, fame afty § 24.

I. s. d.

Additional damps for pro* bates of wills and admi-nidrations, if the edate is of 100/.	value	100

If above 300 /. more	-	100

Copies ot wills per (kin or

(heet -	-	o o r

Libels, allegations, depofi-tions,or inventories, eaeff (kin -	-	-	006

Writs of covenant and entry, and each (kin of exemplification	-	050

Prefentations (if above 10/. value in	the	King’s

books) -	-	200

Difpenfations to hold two

livings -	-	2 0 0

Debentures for drawback

of

Digitized by

Sta

I s. d.

of cuftoms and bills of lading, each -	-	o	0	8

19	Geo. 3. c. 66. vol 32.

Probates of wills or adminiftrations to common Teamen or foldiers not chargeable; attornies,&c. to charge as ufual for ingrafting deeds, and not by the (heet, and double or treble (kins; but not to extend to deeds lefs than two (kins, fame afl, § 2. 12,13.

Additional ftamp duties:

/. s. d.

On advertifements in newf-papers, or in monthly or other pamphlets, each 006

On receipts for legacies or (hares of perfonal eftates, not more than	20/.	026

Under 100/.	-	-	050

Above 100/.	-	-	IOO

to be (lamped before written, and if not properly damped, not evidence.

20	Geo. 3. c. 28. vol. 33.

A duty of 2 d. addition on each (heet almanack for one year, printed in Great Britain, if for more years to pay the like for every year, but perpetual almanacks	to	pay	only for

three years. 21 Geo. 3. c. 56. § 1, 7. vol 33.

Out of thefe duties to be paid to each univerfity of Oxford and Cambridge 500 /. per ann. half yearly, at Midfummer and Chriflmai, and the furplus to be paid into the exchequer to go to the finking fund, fame aft, §10,11.

Starch.

Permitted to be made from rice. 13 Geo. 3. c. 7. § 4. vol 30.

No ftarchmakers to enter at the excife office in London, unlefs they occupy a tenement of at lead 10/. per ann. and pay parifh rates, and in other parts of the kingdom to pay to

Ste"593

the church and poor. 19 Geo. 3.

40.	§ 1. vol. 32.

Se&. ri. & 13. of 10.	26.

repealed,and makers to enter weekly on penalty of 50/. and to pay the duty in a week after, or to forfeit double, with feveral other regulations as to makers, &c. giving notice, fame afl, §. 2, f	it.

Starch, and hair powder made thereof, imported 20 pay an addition of 2 d. per pound, befides the 5 /. per rent, by 19	Get*3. c. 25. and no draw-

back on exportation. 20 Geo. 3. 52. vol.33.

Starch made in Great Britain alio to pay an addition of 1 d. per pound of 16 ounces avoirdupoife to the pound, and to pay for dock in hand 5 July, 1780, and liable to 5 /. teat, befides. fame a£lt § 2, lit.

Steam Engine.

The property of a fleam engine fecured to James Watty the inventor.

15	Get. 3. e. 61. vol. 31.

Stockings.

All framework knitted pieces and dockings (except filk) of three or more threads, to be marked with the fame number of ilet holes and no more, but may ufe any materials or number of threads for the welt, and within three inches of the top, -and feveral other regulations as to mailers and journeymen. 6 Geo. 3. c. 29. vol. 27.

Stores.

So much of 2 G2. e. 35. as relates to naval (lores from Scotland (fee Scotland) continued. 6 Geo. 3. c.

44.	§ 3. vol. 27. 14 Geo. 3. e. 86. § 6.	vol.30,

Treafurer

Digitized by

594	Suf

Trcafurcr and other officers of the navy empowered by warrant to apprehend perfons dealing or embezzling flora. 9 Geo. 3. c. 30. § 5. vd. *8.

Naval dores prohibited to be exported, unlefs pre-emption firft offered to the cominifiioner8 of the navy, fame yeary e. 35. § 2.

Unmanufadured wood (mads excepted) may be imported from Ame-rica duty free. 11 Geo. 3. c. 41. $ 2. vol. 29*

Ad 8 Geo.x.c. 12. fofar as relates to the importation of timber and lumber from the Brkijb colonies continued to Sep. 29,1785. 19(5*8.3.*.22. vol. 33.

But to be entered at thecuftom-houfe of the place of importation, fame a ft, § 2.

Suffolk.

For the relief of the poor in Stow hundred. 18 Geo. 3. *. 35. vol. 32. 21 Geo. 3# *. 13. vol. 33.

Sugar.

Drawbacks by former ads on exportation of refined fugar to ceafe, and a bounty of 14 s. 6 d. per hundred weight on loaf or lump fugar refined and exported, to be allowed in lieu thereof. 5 Geo. 3. *. 45. § 14,

15.	vol. 26.

And otrbaftards, ground (ugar and candy, a drawback of 6s. 4 d. per hundred weight allowed, if duly refined. fame aft* § 16.

No part of the old fubfidy to be repaid on the exportation of foreign fugar to Ireland. 12 Geo. 3. *. 60. § 6. vol. 29.

Sugar and paneles imported from • America without certificate, to pay duty'as foreign fugar, &c. 18 Geo. 3. *. 58. vol. 32. See Cu/lomsv

Bur

Sugar from Demerary and EffequiU may be imported on the like duty as if from the Britijb Wejl Indies. 21 Geo. 3. *. 62. § 4. vol. 33.

Surry.

The county being feized of thd White Lion or Hangman's acre in St. George's Fields, the right of common extinguished in order to build an houfe of corredion thereon. 12 Geo. 3. /. 65. vol. 29.

Swanfea, in Glamorganjhire.

For fixing and regulating a public market thtre. 14 Geo. 3. *, 27. vol. 3°.

Sweets.

For all liquor made in Great Bri# tain for fale, by infufion, fermentation, or otherwife, from foreign fruit or fugar, or mixed with other ingredients, called fweets, or made wines* for which no duty is already paid, a duty of 6 s. per barrel to be paid by the maker, and alfo 5 per cent, by 19 Geo. 3. 20 Geo. 3. *. 52. § 5. voL 33*

T.

Tallow, Hogs' Lard and Greafe.

T TNmanufadtured, may be im-t-/ ported duty free. 7 Get. 3. c. 12.	vol.27.	10 Geo. 3. c. 8. vol. 28.

13 Geo. 3. t. 5. vol. 30. 16 Geo. 3. c. 12. vol.31. 19 Geo.3. e22. 32.

Tanners.

Digitized by LiOOQle

Tan

Tanners.

Not to remove hides or fkins,&c. from dryingplaces or ftore rooms for 24 hours after being ftamped by officers, on penalty of 20/. that they may be re-weighed by the fupervifor, and if any additional weight the duty to be charged for the fame. 5	3.

t.43. § 21. vol. 26.

Tanners, &c. to provide fcales and weights, and affift in weighing on penalty of 50/. fame aft, § 22.

Tar debigg, in Worcejltrjhire and

VVarvoickjhirc

For rebuilding the parifh church there. 16 Geo. 3. c. vol. 31.

Taylors.

Journeymen taylors in London and avithin five miles, to work from fix in the morning till feven at night, at 2 5. 7	id.per diem, and other regula-

tions. 8 Geo. 3. c. 17, vol. 28.

Tea.

Canifters to be marked Black or Green; all bohea, Congo, fouchong, and pekoe, deemed Black, and all other teas, Green. 12 Geo. 3. t. 46. vol. 29.

See Coffee, &c.

Tetney, in Lincolnjhire.

For indofing and draining the pa-rilh. 14 Geo. 3. c. 33.	30.

Tobacco.

Aflifting in running ftalks or Rems forfeiture of treble the value, and alfo the (hip, boat, carriage and cattle Vol. XXXIII.

Tob S9S

employed. 5 Geo. 3. c. 43. §. 4. vol.

26.

A Capias may be fued out for the penalty, and bail to be given to an-iwer the fame, and may alfo proceed for the other forfeitures on 8 Geo. 1. c. 18. fame aft, § 5, 6.

Treafurv may compound with W. Francis, John Wiggwgton, See. fu reties for frilliam Brown in feveral tobacco bonds, but not to difeharge Brown. 17 Geo. 3.	31.	vol.	31.

Unmanufactured tobacco exported from Great Britain, may be re-imported till March 1, J779, in the original package on the importer’s oath, and the fame duty as when firft imported. 18 Geo. 3. e. 24. § 1, 2* vol. 32.

Tobacco the product of Dominica may be imported the fame as fugar and rum from thence, according to 6 Geo. 3. c. 49. (fee Plantations) on the fame duty as if the growth of the Britifh colonies, fame aft, § 3.

So much of 12 Car. 2. e. 34. and 15 Car. 2. c. 7. and all other aCts prohibiting the planting of tobacco in Ireland, repealed, and Iri/h tobacco to be exported to Great Britain-only, and in calks not lefs than 450 pounds each, and on the fame duty as American tobacco. 19 Geo. 3. c. 35. vol. 32-

Tobacco of the, growth of the American colonies may be imported from neutral iflands in the Weft Indies, during the prefent hoftilities, in Britijh fhips, on an additional duty of 1 d. per pound, and 5 per cent, by 19 Geo. 3. c. 25. and all duties drawn back on exportatin. 20 Geo. 3. c. 39. vol 33.

Foreign prize tobacco may be imported (fee Prizes). 21 Geo. 3. c. 5. § 6, 7. vol 33.

R f	Tobacco

Digitized by LjOOQle

596

Tob

Tobacco Pipe Clay.

May be exported to the fugar co-Ionics in the Weft Indies, notwith-(landing 12 & 13 Car. 2. c. 18. (fee Wool, &c.). 17 Gw. 3. c. 43. § 4. vol. 31. 20 Gw. 3. r. 19. § 5. w/. 33.

See Cuftoms.

Tolls.

For paving, &c. the ftreets, &c. of the city and liberty of Wejlminjler, and parts adjacent, a ftreet toll on Sundays, to be paid at the following turnpike gates, viz. That neareft JVeJlminJler Bridge in Surry, neareft St. James's Park at Pimlico, at Ken-Jington neareft the entrance into Pdri, that at Hyde Park Corner, the feveral gates at Tyburn, thofe near St. .Afo/y le Bone, at Portland Street, at the Grmr Afotf, on the road from Paddington to Islington, on the faid road eaftward of Tottenham Court, at Tottenham Court on the northern road, and that'neareft the end of Gray's Inn Lane; viz. .

5.

For a coach, &c. and fix horfes •	-	o	10

For the like with four o 8 For the like with three or two o 6 For a chaife, &c. with one o 3 For an horfe, &c. not draw* ing - ,	-	-	•	o	1

Over and above all other tolls. 5 Geo. 3. r. 13. vo). 26.

For paving, &c. the ftreets, &c. in Southwark, the fame Sunday rolls at thefe turnpike gates, viz. at Symonfs Corner Lambeth, Blackman Street Newington Butts, Afczu -RW Kent Street, Corner Bermondfey, and between Dockhead and	Bridge.	6 Gw. 3. r.

.24. w/. 27.

Tra

Towards paving, &c. the ftreets* &c. of the city of London, the fame tolls on Sundays at the turnpike gates at Mile End. Bethnal Green, Hackney, Kingjland, Balls Pound or IJlington, Holloway, St. John's Street, Gojwell Street and the city road, all in the county of Afiddefexi 6 Gw. 3. r. 26. tv/. 27.

Tranfportatioti.

Where the King’s mercy is extended to offenders, on condition of being tranfpoited, the judge on certificate from the fecretary of ftate* may order the fame, and the convift fhall be transferred to the contractor* 2nd fubjedt to the fame rules, and alfo to felony without benefit of clergy, on returning before the time is expired, and the fame reward as other transports. 8 Geo. 3. c. 16. vol.

,28'

Male offenders liable to tranfpor-tation to America, inftead thereof to be kept to hard labour in raifing fand, foil, and gravel from and cleanfing * the river Thames, or any other fervice for the benefit of the navigation of the faid river, under an overfeer appointed by the quarter fefiions of Middlefex, for not lefs than three nor more than ten years; or to hard labour in the county where tried* 16 Geo. 3. *c. 43. vol. 28.

Perfons convicted of felony not within the benefit of clergy, and obtaining mercy on condition of being committed to hard labour, to receive fuch conditional pardon from the judge, fame aft, § 2.

To be fed with bread, coarfe food, and water or fmall beer, and to be clothed 5 and if they refufe to work* they may be whipped and punifhed as perfons committed to the houfe of correction* and at the end of coh-

finemeht

Digitized by v^ooQle

*fra

finemcnt to receive not under 20 u nor more than 3 /. and clothing, and the King may fhorten their term, fa me aft, § 7. 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. § 54.. vol.

32*

Juftices in other parts of England to prepare houfes for the reception of offenders, and refeuing or afiifting them toefcape,2o/. penalty, and forefcap-ing, felony without benefit of clergy. 16 Geo. 3. c. 43*>§ 13,14,15. vol. 31.

Overfeers to make return's of per-fons in cuftody, on oath, iq London, &c. every term to the court of King’s Bench, and in the country to the af-fizes and quarter feflions. fame aft, §

19.	— Continued by 18 Geo. 3. c. 62, and 19 Geo: 3. c. 54, vol. 32.

Offenders convicted and liable to tranfportation, may be fent to America, or elfewhere beyond fea, and felony to return, or if found at large before their time is expired. 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. Vol. 32.

Offenders convicted, and liable to be burnt in the hand, may be fined or whipped, but this dot to abridge the power of imprifoning offenders. fame aft, § 3,4.

The King may appoint three,fu-pervifors to fix on ground for penitentiary houfes for confining and employing convidts liable to tranfporta-tion, to be approved by the lord chancellor, and they to appoint a governor, chaplain, furgeon, or apothecary, ftorekeeper, tafkmafter and matron, with falaries, &c. and may vary the number, fame aft, § 5,24.

The governor incorporated by the name of the Governor of the penitentiary houfe for males or females, in the parilh of, &c. and he is to be accountable for all fervants, &c. and his own and their duty, fame aft, §

20.

’ Two offenders may be fent from ft'alfi each circuit, four from Londkn

?re	597

each feffion, eight from the north circuit, ten from the midland, ten from the Norfolk, twelve from the Oxford, twelve from the weftern, and fixteen from the borne, each circuit yearly, fame aft, § 25.

All males convidled (except for petty larceny) liable to tranfportation, if able to labour on the Thames, not lefs than one nor more than feven years, or if convidled capitally and pardoned, conditionally the like. fame aft, § 27.

Clerk of affize and fheriff to have the fame fees as* on tranfportation, and refeuing or afiifting to efcape, felony, and fubjedt to hard labour, and governors to have the fame power as gaolers, fame aft, § 30.

The county of Midalefex to be allowed 300/. per ann. for extraordinary expences. fame aft, § 69.

So much of 16 Geo. 3. c. 43. as relates to the confinement of offenders, continued to June 1,1784. fame aftn % 73-

freafitt.

A<ft 7 An. c. si. § 11. not to extend to mdi&ments for counterfeiting the coin, the great or privy feal, fign manual, or privy fignet, or other irt-didhnent for high treafon, or to any proceedings againft offenders to be tried, &c. in the fame manner as if for counterfeiting coin. 6 Geo, 3. c,

53- § 3* vo1' 27*

Trees.

Gutting down, deftroying in the night tittle, or carrying away any oak, beech, a(h, elm, fir, chefnut, or afp, timber or other tree, (landing or likely to be timber, without the;con-fent of the owner, or digging up, &c. roots, fhrubs, or plant* in inclofed R r z	ground^

Digitized by Google

598	, Tri

ground, of 5 s. value, felony, and the offender may be tranfported for feven years, and alfo affiftants and receivers the like. 6 Geo. 3. c. 36. vol. 27.

Wilfully deftrojing, &c. or carrying away timber trees, viz. oak, beech, chefnut, walnut, afh, elm, cedar, fir, afp, lime, fycamore, or birch, to forfeit, for the firft offence 20 /. for the fecond offence 30/. or imprifonment, and for the third offence tranfportation for feven years. fameyear, c. 48.

Pulling* up or taking away roots, flirubs or plants, in private cultivated ground, for the firft offence 40 j. and colts, for the fecond offence 5 /. and colls, and for the third offence . tranfportation for feven years, fame 5 3*

The like of wood, underwood, poles, (ticks, (tubs, or young tr?es, for the firft offence 40;. for the fecond offence 5/. and for the third offence to be punilbed as an incorrigible rogue. Jams at7, § 4.

The laft ad extended to the King’s forefts, and to hollies, thorns, and quickfets, and alfo to the having fuch in ^uftody. 9 Geo. 3. c. 41. § 8. vol 28..

A miftake in the laft alt as to the title of 6 Geo. 3. c. 48. rectified. 10 Geo. 3. r. 30. vol 28.

Ad 6 Geo. 3. c. 48. extended to poplar, alder, maple, larch, and hornbeam. 13 Geo. 3. e. 33. vol 30.

Trinity Houfe.

The corporation may ered light houfes on the Smalls in St. George*s Channel x8 Geo. 3. c. 42. vol 32.

- Turnips.

Stealing growing turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parfnips, peas, or car-

Tur

rots (on the oath of one witnefs before one juftice) to forfeit 10 i. be-fides the value, and the information of the owner to be allowed, but then the forfeiture to go to the poor, and to be profecuted within thirty days $ and 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. repealed.• 13 Qeo. 3. c. 32. vol 30.

turnpikes*

Mortgagees 6f turnpikes in poffef-fion and gatekeepers to account upon oath. 6 Geo. 3, c, 43. § 5, to 8. vol.

27.

The general laws relating to turnpikes reduced into one ad. 7 Geo. 3. e. 40. vol 27.

This ad repealed except as to repealing the former ads. 13 Geo. 3. c. 84. § 86. vol 30.

See Highways*

Exemption of cattle going to water or pafture, to extend oniy to cattle from one parifh to the next adjoining, and not palling more than two miles on the turnpike road, nor to exempt other cattle liable to toll. 17 Geo. 3. e. 16. vol. 31.

So much of 13 Geo. 3. c. 84. (fee Highways) as direds double tolls on wheels, not fix inches broad, repealed, and the truftees of turnpikes may re-leafe leffees from their contrads. 18 Geo. 3* c. 28. vol 32.

Truftees may meet and ad# though they had negleded to adjourn regularly, and carriages, &c, with army baggage, &c. exempted from tolls, and not liable to be weighed, fame year, c. 63.

See Highways.

Tweed River.

The filhery thereof regulated. 11

Geo. 3. c. 27. vol 29.

No

Digitized by ^.ooQle

Tyt

No falmoft to be taken therein between the 10th of	and	the

ioth of January yearly, on penalty of not more than to /. nor lefs than 4^^* 15	G,eo. 2# c.	2

Tythes.

For exonerating certain lands in Efcrick in	Yorkjhire therefrom.	21

Geo.3. c. 76.	vol.33.

V.

Verdegreafe.

A Duty of 3 d.per pound on common verdegreafe, and 1 per pound on cryftallized verdegreafe imported, belides 5 per tent, thereon, and no drawback on exportation, and to be under the cuftoms. 21 Geo. 3. e.32. vol.33.

.Ure River.

See Bridges.

w.

Wales.

Sheriffs to provide lodgings,

&c. for the judges at the great feffions, but not to be allowed more than 10/. for each feffion in their accounts. 8 Geo. 3. c. 14. vol. 28.

For augmenting the falaries of the judges of Chefter and the great fe(lions in Walts., 12 Geo. 3. c. 30, vol.

29.	— Sec Judges.

Wal	59 9

If the plaintiff in perfonal a&ions arifing in Wales, and tried in the next Englijb county* do not recover 10/. the defendant, if refident in Wales at the time of the fervice of the writ, to have judgment of nonfuit, unlefs the judge certify that the freehold or title of land came in quedion, or that the caufe was proper to be tried in an Englijb county. 13 Geo. 3. c. 51. w/. 30.

If in tranfitory a&ions in any court of record, it appears that the caufe arifes in Wales, and the damages under 10/. judgment to be given for the defendant, and the plaintiff to pay cods, deducting his debt, and though no judgment is entered, yet the ver-di<5Fa bar to any new a&ion. fame aft, ^ 2.

No judge In Wales may appoint a deputy only for calling and adjourning the court, receiving motions, taking and proclaiming fines, and arraigning recoveries $ but the King by fign manual may appoint judges for the next feflions, indead of thofe taken ill. fame aft, § 3, & 5.

Special juries may be granted the fame as by the courts at Wejiminfler, at the expence of the party applying, and each juryman not to have more than 1 /. is. fame aft, § 6.

Judges may empower pfcrfons to take affidavits, to be filed, but not to be taken in feffions time, and the officers ufed to take affidavits may continue fo to do, and alfo to take and judify bail, and writs may be returnable the fird Wednefday of any month, or the fird day of the next feffion, at the option of the plaintiff. fame aft, to § 15.

Penalties by datute recoverable in the courts at Weftminfler, (except fiich as may be fued for in the ex-' chequer only) the offence being committed in Wales,, and the defendant

refident

Digitized by v^ooQle

600	War

refident there, may be fued for in the great feflions. fame ail, § 17.

Warrens.

Entering warrens in the night time and deftroying conies, tranfportatioa for feven years, and whipping, fine, or imprifonment. 5	3.	14.	vol.

iff.

Warwick/hire.

See Gaols.

Watford,	Her

See Cburthes.

Wells, Norfolk.

See Harbours.

Wells, Somerfetfhire.

For building a town hall, Sic. there.

Wejlminjler.

2000 /. granted to make a paflage to the houfe of commons from St. Margaret’s Lane and Old Palace by the bridge comtniffioners. 7 Geo, 3. e. 32. vol. 27.

For opening and widening feveral ftte:ts by the dean and chapter. 17 Geo. 3. c. 61. vol.31.

For building a court houfe in the jurifdidtion of the dean and chapter, and to apply 7,500/. out of the orphan’s fund of London. 18 Geo. 3. c. 72. vol. 32.

Wheat and Flour.

The duties on importation, and alfo the bounty on exportation dif-continued. 5 Gee. 3. c. 31. vol. 2$.

Whi

The exportation prohibited, fami year, c. 32.

See Corn and Grain.

Whitechapel.

See	Pavin

Wight, JJle

Houfe of induftry eftablifiled for the maintenance and employment of the poor there, and a grant of part of Parkhurjl Foreft for that purpofe, and application of the profits of the poor’s work. 11 Geo. 3. c. 43.

*9-

Williams, Dr. Richard, of St. Margaret’s,	Weftm

A gratuity of 2000 /. bellowed on him for his invention of a fad green and yellow die on cotton yarn and 1 thread, and for difcovering the fecret thereof. 13 Geo. 3.	77.	§	24. vol.

3°-

Windows:'

See Houfes,

Wines.

The allowance of 12 per cent, for leakage taken ofif as to wines, unlefs imported from the place of growth, (except Madeira from the American colonies or the Eajl Indies). 4	3.

c. 13. vol.26.

And on all other wines. 6 Geo. 3. c. 40.	vol.27.— Repealed as to Guern-

fey and Jerfey by 8 Geo. 3. c. 23.

28.

Cuftomhoufe officers may put a fufficient quantity of fait or vinegar into damaged wines, fold for diflilling or making vinegar, pqrfuant to 12

Geo.

Digitized by Google

Win

tleo. i. c. 28. 5 Geo. 3* r. 43. § 3. exportation, Tfol.2J.	33.

An additional duty of 8 /. per ton bn all French wine and French vinegar imported, and 4 /. per ton on all other wines and vinegar, and the duty granted by 3 Geo. 3. c. 12. to be paid without difeount inward, and fo much of the faid aCt as allows 12 /. per cent. leakage, repealed. 6 Gfl?. 3.

40.	§ r, 2. W. 27.

The remainder of the annuities on the additional duty on wines by 3 Geo.

3. c. 12. redeemed, and 3,500,000/. raifed by annuities and a lottery, charged thereon. 8 Geo. 3. c. 29. w/.

28.

N.B. One fourth part of thefe annuities redeemed by 7 Geo. 3. r. 25.

W. 27. — See Annuities.

The duty of 10 i. per ton on wines,

&c. by 18 Carl 2. c. 5. for the coinage, &c. made perpetual by 9 Gw. 3.

*. 25. w/. 28.

An additional duty of 8 /. 8 s. per ton on French wine and vinegar, and

47.	4). on all other wine and vinegar imported, to be levied according to 1 Jac. 2. c. 3. under the commiffi-oners of the cuftoms. 18 Geo. 3. r.

27. vol. 32.

A drawback of 3/. 13;. 6 d. per ton on the exportation of all wine (except French) and no Spanijh, Portugal, or French wines to be imported in lefs calks than hog(heads (except for private ufe) on forfeiture of the wine and cafks, &c. fame afi7 § 6.

A drawback of all duties by 18 Geo. 3. c. 27. on wine exported to America or the Eafl Indies. 10 Geo, 2. x.4.1.	vol.32.

An additional duty of 8 /. per ton on French wine and vinegar, and 4/. per ton on all other foreign wine imported, and alfo 5 per cent. by 19 Geo,

3. c. 25. but no addition on damaged wines, and all duties drawn back on

Woo

601

20 Geo. 3. c. 30. vol.

Wood.

Unmanufactured wood the growth and produce of America (except mads, yards and bowfprits) may be imported duty free, and mahogany of the growth of the bay of 1Honduras already imported, the duty to be repaid. 11 Geo, 3. c. 41. vol. 29.

Woollen Manufafturcs.

Any perfon employed therein not returning all working tools, wool, yarn, chain, woof, or abb, delivered to be worked, to the employer or agent, or fraudulently (learning, damping, or watering the wool or yarn delivered, or taking off, cutting, or picking out lid, forrel, or other mark of any piece of cloth; to be committed to the houfe of correction for one calendar month. 14 Geo. 3. c. 25. vol. 30. 15 Geo. 3. c. 14. vol.

31-

For preventing frauds in combing wool, worded, yarn, and goods made from worded in Yorkjbire, Lancajhire and Chejbire\ committee-men appointed, viz. 18 for Yorkjbire and 9 for Lancajhire and Chejbtre. 17 Geo. 3. C. II. vol. 31.

Rules for reeling worded yarn, viz. a yard reel to contain 36 inches and a two yard one 72 inches round, and each hank to contain 7 raps or leas of 80 threads each, fame afl, § 11.

Two pence in the (hilling deducted out of the drawback on foap ufed in the woollen manufacture, as a fund to defray the expence of putting this aCt in execution, fame c£iy § 17.

So much of 13 & 14 Car. 2. c. 18 § 9. as redrains the conveying of

wool.

Digitized by Looq Le

Tor

662	Woo

wool, woolfclls, mortlings, fhorlings, woollen yarn, woolflocks, fullers' earth, fulling or tobacco pipe clay only in the day time and at the hours therein mentioned, repealed, but fub-je& to the regulations of the a&s concerning the fame unrepealed. 20 Geo. 3. c. 55. vol. 33.

Woolwich.

To enable John Bowater to grant leafes of a dockyard, &c. there to the commifiioners of the navy for the King’s ufe. 21 Geo. 3. c. 46. vol. 33.

Y.

York and Hull.

PLAYHOUSES allowed there. 9 Geo. 3.1.17.	28.

York Buildings Company.

-for expediting the (ale of their eftates in	Scotlandt and for the relief

of their creditors. 17 Geo. 3. (. 24..

vol. 31.

ERRATA.

Page 482. 2d col. 1.15. After dwellinghoufes, add t 490. 2d col. antepen. Read, to be under the 495. 2d col. 1.3. Read, laid cordage.

498. 2d col. 1. 23. Read, in the Britijh.

501. ad col. after § 15. Add, As to annuities and a	,	1.14^

vol. 33.

533. 2d col. 1. 3 g.34. Read, retransfer.

530. ift col. 1.18. Read, by their charters.

2d col. 1. 30. Read, thofe relating to.

543. ift col. 1.1. Read, the	/aidduke’s daughter. a

END of the INDEX.

Digitized by v^ooQle